Waiter 
I'll be with you in a second . Uh ... Yes , ma'am 
This is not what I asked for . I'm afraid 
Oh , I'm so sorry . May I ask what you ordered again 
Yes . What I ordered is roast beef , not roast beef sandwiches 
Why are you always staring at Melissa ? Do you like her or something 
Mind your own business 
How long can I keep these books 
A month . Don't forget to return them by the due date 
What if I can't finish them by then 
Bring them back to the circulation desk and renew them 
Any terrible fines 
Sure 
Would you please teach me how to use the computer 
Sure , let's take a look at the menu first 
Do I have to turn on the computer 
yes , we can look at the computer and computer menu at the same time . And this will help us understand both better 
What should I learn first 
Right now I'll teach you to open files , save files and copy files . Are you ready 
I am ready I am going to get , let's start 
Julia , look at me ! I'm gaining weight . How could I lose weight ? Do you have any good ideas 
Since summer is coming , I think swimming is a good way for you to do 
Are you sure 
Of course ! Swimming can help you stay in shape by targeting all parts of your body 
Really ? Does swimming have other advantages 
It could also help you increase vital capacity 
That ’ s great . Okay , from now on I would swim three times a week . I hope I can get rid of the weight 
You will make it if you persist in it 
Has anyone told you about Jessica's party coming up 
I was told about it already . I'm just waiting for my invitation 
Is that right ? I already got my invitation from her earlier 
I believe that she will give me the invitation today 
Are you even going to go 
Yeah , it sounds like it's going to be the best party of the year 
Exactly , it seems like it's going to be loads of fun 
When exactly does the party start 
The invitation says it starts at 8
Has she given out a lot of invitations yet 
I have no idea , she hasn't given out many though 
I'm planning on going , but I really need her to give me my invitation 
I got a promotion . Lunch is on me 
It ’ s great 
Bob refused all his classmates ' invitation 
I really couldn't understand him 
He is surely a hard nut , nobody likes approaching him 
We'd better leave him alone 
Excuse me . I wonder if you can help me 
I'll try my best 
I'm completely lost . I'm trying to find the way to my daughter's home 
Please tell me where your daughter's home is 
Her home is between the China hotel and Li Sheng Theater 
Turn right at the second traffic light and you will see it on your left 
I'm grateful to you 
It's a pleasure 
Ok , let ’ s go through this one more time . I don ’ t want anymore ruined or dyed blouses 
I know , I know . OK , so I have to separate the colors from the whites and put them in this strange looking contraption so called washing machine 
Right . You have to turn it on and program it depending on what type of clothes you are washing . For example for delicates , you should set a shorter washing cycle . Also , be sure to use fabric softener and this detergent when washing 
So complicated ! Ok , what about this red wine stain ? How do I get it out 
Since this is a white t-shirt , you can just pour a little bit of bleach on it and it will do the trick 
Cool . Then I can just throw everything in the dryer for an hour and it ’ s all set right 
No ! Since you are washing delicates and cotton , you should set the dryer to medium heat and for twenty minutes 
You know what ? I ’ ll just have everything dry cleaned 
Will it be all right to visit you this evening 
I'm sorry , but I have an appointment this evening.How about tomorrow evening 
It's fine with me 
I've typed the report 
Well done 
And I've filed the letters 
Excellent job 
And I've checked the orders 
I'm very impressed 
And I've ordered the supplies 
Congratulations . You should be very proud of yourself 
Did you see who the suspect was 
I got a perfect look at the suspect 
Would you be able to pick him out of a line-up 
That'll be easy 
Please take a careful look at these five men 
Okay 
Is the suspect in this line 
I see him 
Which number is he 
The suspect is number four 
Your cooperation is very much appreciated 
I'm happy to be of assistance 
Good morning , I ’ d like to book a flight from Beijing to Shanghai , please 
I see . When are you travelling 
I ’ d like to fly next Friday 
Is that a return journey or just one-way 
One-way , please . I ’ m flying back to London from Shanghai 
Ok . That will be 1400RMB please 
How long is the flight 
It ’ s about three hours 
can you help me pick out some fabric for a suit ? I'm going to get one made for a friend's wedding 
sure . What kind of material do you want for the suit to be made from 
it depends on the price , but I was thinking of getting a wool / cashmere blend 
that will probably be quite expensive , but the more you pay for the fabric , the longer it'll last and the better it'll look . What color do you want the suit to be 
I was thinking of a brown pin-striped suit 
brown , huh ? Isn't that a bit dull 
haven't you heard ? Brown is the new black 
why don't you just get black ? Black suits are always fashionable and can be worn for anything — a funeral , a wedding , a job interview — anything 
that may be true , but black is so boring . Anyway , I already have three black suits . I might as well get a suit that stands out from the rest 
here are two different shades of brown . Which one do you prefer 
I like the one on the left , but I don't like the pattern on it . It's too much . I want a pattern that's a bit subtler 
how about this one 
I think that will do . Let's go talk to the tailor about getting it made 
ok , let's go 
Good evening , I have a reservation under the name of Tomlinson 
Ok I ’ Ve found it . Checking out on the 27th 
That ’ s right 
Can I take a credit card for the deposit 
Yes , sure . Also , I ’ d like a non-smoking room please 
Certainly madam . Here ’ s your key . Your room is on the 7th floor and on the left . Room 781 . Check out is at 12 noon 
What's your main range 
Generally speaking , we provide bikes for both gentlemen and ladies , size 19 , 21 , 23 , 25 and 27 inches . We can vary the colors according to the buyer's requirements . Here are the catalogues and the pattern books . They will give you a rough idea about our products 
I am interested in your flying pigeon bicycles . I think some of these items will find a ready market in Canada . But what our customers appreciate most is a reliable product 
To be reliable is the strong point of our products . As a matter of fact , it's always our practice to supply high quality goods at reasonable prices . Flying pigeon is the best of its kind at the price 
Then I'd like to know your availability of the products and the terms of sales , such as mode of payment , delivery , discounts , etc 
Frank , I want your advice on something . Some scientists I met at the conference 6 this afternoon have invited me to a party . Actually , they called it an informal get-together 
And what ’ s the problem 
When I asked how people were going to dress , Dr . Lite said it was casual 
And you want to know what to wear 
Well , last night I went out with some journalists for a casual party , but I was overdressed . I wore what I consider casual - - an outfit of skirt , blouse , scarf , and medium heels ... you know 
That sounds just right to me . What was wrong with it 
Everyone else there was wearing blue jeans . Several of the women had on running shoes . I felt out of place . So I have no idea what to wear tonight 
My guess is you can safely wear last night ’ s outfit to tonight ’ s party 
Good evening , madam . May I help you 
Yes , do you have a table for five 
Yes , would you like smoking or non-smoking 
We'd like a non-smoking room , please 
No problem . Follow me , please 
Liz , you were supposed to have had those contracts typed up by now 
I was supposed to do that ? I thought Sharon was responsible for that 
No , Liz . I asked you specifically . Don ’ t you remember 
I ’ m really sorry , Mr . Samuel . I really don ’ t remember that 
What happened to Nancy ? She is all sweetness and light today 
She is going to get married 
No wonder ! Who is the bridegroom 
I don ’ t know 
Where are you going , Tony 
It's none of your business 
Mom said you couldn't go out 
I'm going out anyway . Get out of my way 
Wow ! Your fruit looks really fresh ! How much are these apples 
The apples are 30NT each . How many would you like 
Let's see , 30NT is about ... almost a dollar US . What ? ! How about these pineapples 
They're 250NT each , but they're not edible . They're only used for worship 
Hmm , 250NT is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! And you can't even eat them ? You're crazy 
Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch 
Now that's more like it ! Bananas have lots of potassium , too 
They're also good for your digestion ! Would you like some kiwis , too 
Are they from Taiwan 
They're imported from New Zealand . Four for 50NT . Nine for a hundred 
OK . I'll take four kiwis 
Laura , what are you going to do today 
I'm going shopping 
What time are you leaving 
I'm going to leave around 4 O'clock 
Will you buy a ham sandwich for me at the store 
OK 
Do you have enough money 
I'm not sure 
How much do you have 
25 dollars . Do you think that's enough 
That's not very much 
I think it's OK . I also have two credit cards 
Let me give you another ten dollars 
Thanks . See you later 
Bye 
I love breathing fresh air in the suburb places , while sitting in the morning sunshine 
I can't agree more , honey . We need to get away from work from time to time 
Yeah , just return to nature and feel the thrills of its beauty 
We are nor alone here . So many other families 
Sure . The sunny days of spring are ideal for outdoor gatherings 
Well , let's go over there and put a blanket on the lawn 
OK , you go back to our car and fetch the picnic stuff 
Oh , so heavy ! What have you put in here 
Nothing special . Food , drinks , and Daniel's kangaroo toys 
Toys ? Why do we need toys for a picnic 
He said he would like to be our tour director and he lined up many things to do 
Sure , then . May it really be a day of enjoyment . Other than that , we can also teach him something about science 
Science ? What are you talking about ? Forget about your science , OK ? It's a picnic 
I mean we can inspire him for a deeper understanding of the natural world 
I can't agree on that . Just cut it out . Give him a break and don't spoil the day 
Well , OK . you are always right 
Hey , you ’ re early ! Where ’ s everyone 
Well ... I told them not to come . I made a reservation just for the two of us . I thought we could have an quiet evening all to ourselves 
Oh ... why 
Jennifer , there ’ s something I wanna ask you 
Sure . What is it 
Hmm ... okay , here ’ s the thing . I ’ Ve always seen you as more than just a friend , and I can ’ t take it any more . I know you better than anyone , I know the pros and cons of your personality , I even know what side of the bed is yours ! I think we would be great together , don ’ t you 
Are you serious ? We ’ Ve been friends for years ! We can ’ t just change that overnight 
I know ! I never had the guts to tell you ... until today . So , what do you say ? Are you willing to give me a shot 
I ... I ..
Hey Sandra , what's wrong ? You look furious 
I've had it with Tim ! I think I'm going to quit 
But Sandra ... you love your job ! You spent months trying to get this position . It's perfect for you 
Yeah ... I know . But I'm sick and tired of all the office power struggles 
What kind of power struggles are you talking about 
Basically , I think Tim is threatened by me . I'm doing a better job than he is so he's trying to sabotage my career 
So he talks about you behind your back 
Yes . He's all nice and friendly to my face . But the second I turn around he stabs me in the back 
I had a worker like that once . She was always taking credit for my ideas 
I should keep a better record of my correspondence with the clients so if necessary I can prove it was my effort 
My co-worker had a whole bunch of bad office habits . She liked to name-drop ... we would be in a meeting and she would say , yesterday I was chatting with Tom . She meant Tom Solomon ... our CEO 
Excuse me . Something is wrong with my bank card . Can you help me 
Yes . What's the problem 
Just a mistake with my name . It should be issued as Steven , but the card is under the name ' Steven ' 
Oh , I am very sorry about that . It's our fault . I will arrange someone to correct it immediately 
OK , no problem . To err is human 
Anyway , we apologize for the inconvenience we have brought you . Please just wait for a moment , and it will be fixed 
Thank you very much 
Matthew , do you know much about body language in countries around the world 
Sure , I've picked up a few things from travelling around for work . Why 
Well , I had a meeting today with a woman from Japan and she wouldn't stop bowing ! I didn't know what to do 
Did you bow back 
No , I tried to shake her hand , but her hand was so limp I was a bit offended 
Well , Japanese businessmen and women typically bow to greet each other in Japan . She might have been offended by your strong handshake 
But she was in America ! Shouldn't she have known that strong handshakes in America signify confidence and respect 
Things are different in Japan . You know , in some countries , making eye contact with others is considered rude 
Is that why she wouldn ’ t look at me in the meeting 
I think it's highly possible , yes 
The meeting really didn ’ t go down well at all . I think I need to read up about intercultural communication before I have another meeting with someone from another country 
That's a good idea . When you don ’ t know much about other cultures , the simplest thing can offend someone 
That's so true . It's great that we see eye to eye on this 
Hello , police office 
Yes , May I help you 
Yes , I'd like to report a case . Somebody broke into my house 
When did that happen 
It happened in the morning . I just came home from work and found the lock broken 
Is anything lost 
I don't know . I called the police as soon as I found the lock broken 
OK , we will send some men as soon as possible 
Please be quick 
OK , we will . What's your name and address 
My name is Benjamin , and I live in Broad-Gate Street 2101 
OK , got it . Please don't worry sir . We will be there soon 
Thank you very much 
Where should I sit 
Why don't you sit in the back with me 
Okay 
By the way , what's your last name ? I forgot what it is 
It's Lin . It's spelled L-I-N 
R-I-N 
My pronunciation is not very good . It's L-I-N , Lin 
I got it . Mary Lin 
Lin is a common Chinese last name 
How'd you like to go on a bungee jump this weekend 
I'm not sure . I promised to help my sister move Saturday 
How about Sunday , then ? We could start in the morning 
I might be able to do that . But I don't think I can do it well 
Don't worry . It is a test of physical endurance , intelligence . Just to finish it is considered a victory for most 
OK . I'll talk to you later 
May , is the university a terrible place 
Surely not . Life in the university is fun . Why did you ask 
Because you study day in and day out for the entrance exam . So I figure you would study even harder after you ’ Ve got in 
Studying in the university is not easy , but it's not as arduous as you think 
How do you know that ? You haven't got in yet 
Of course I know . I once attended Lisa's class , sitting quietly at the back of the classroom 
Oh , really ? Were you not caught 
Of course not . You are allowed to attend any lecture , only if there are empty seats for you and you don't disturb the class . In universities , you study in a free and creative environment 
What do you want to study in the university ? Have you thought about it 
This question has really been bothering me . I like Chinese literature , you know . But economics is really hot now , and it has a very good career prospect 
I will choose what I like . You don't know what a torture it is for me to study English , because I don't like English 
Though I like Chinese literature very much , I'm also interested in economics . It's a tough choice to make 
You can decide later . You will have choices before you submit your university application form 
Right . I have lots of time to think carefully before I make my final decision 
What's your number 
I'm number seven . What about you 
Five 
Hah hah ! You have to go before me 
You think it's funny . I'm terrified 
Don't worry . It's safe 
But I've never jumped off anything in my life . The highest thing I've jumped off is my bed . I'm scared 
You are the one who wanted to come here , Sandy . You should enjoy it 
I guess I'm adventuresome , but then I'm scared too 
I'm not too scared . But I've done sky diving before 
What can I help you with today 
I would like to make a deposit 
Will that be cash or check 
I ’ m depositing a check 
Could you sign the back of the check , please 
All right . Here you go 
Would you like any cash back 
That would be great 
How much would you like 
I would like $ 150 
Here is your $ 150 
Thanks for everything 
Why don't we Chinese have our own Valentine's Day 
Of course we have . It's on the seventh day of the seventh lunar month 
Oh ? Why is that day 
It is said that the Cowherd and the Spinster , the lover stars in heaven , can only meet on the seventh Eve , so this day has become the Lover's Day 
You look a bit under the weather 
I am not feeling all the great . I think I have that crud that is going around 
I know that it ’ s going around the dorms 
My boyfriend hasn ’ t been feeling so well . Maybe he passed it on to me 
I have some cold tablets if you would like one 
Mostly , I feel like I need some rest and hot soup 
Drinking liquids and getting rest is a good idea with a cold 
My grandmother thinks that honey and whiskey is a good cure for a cold 
You could always go to the pharmacy if it gets worse and you want suggestions 
If things don ’ t get better in a few days , I will look for some other solutions 
What would you have 
I'll try Chinese wine 
What about this dry red ? It's good indeed , it never goes to the head 
OK . Give me one , please 
Here it is 
Thank you 
I'm always at your service 
Mike has changed much after marriage 
Yeah . He ’ s almost become a slave , his wife is leading him by the nose 
It ’ s unbelievable . He used to be such a rough guy 
We look forward to your early reply and trust that through our mutual cooperation we shall be able to conclude this transaction with you in the near future 
Thank you for your consideration . We will inform you of our intention as soon as possible 
I hope you'll see that we are really doing our utmost 
Michelle , Can you help me clean things up before we go 
Sure . Where should I put this cup 
Which cup 
The red one 
Put it on the table 
How about this fruit 
Oh , that goes in the refrigerator 
And those pencils ? What should I do with them 
Bring those upstairs and put them in the bedroom 
How about this pen 
Give it to me . I need to use it 
What do you want me to do with that paper over there 
You can throw that away . I don't need it anymore 
The trash is full 
Alright , then please put it in a bag and take it outside 
OK . Now what 
I think we're finished . Can you please turn off the lights and shut the door 
Sure 
I just saw Something About Mary last night . It was hilarious 
David took me to it last week . I thought it was a little sick 
What do you mean sick ? It was really funny , don't you think 
It was entertaining in some ways . But in general I didn't like it 
Why not 
I just think the humor was too gross . There were too many disgusting things in it . I don't think a comedy has to have so much smut to be funny 
It wasn't a dirty movie . There wasn't even any nudity 
No , you're right . But nudity doesn't bother me . What bothered me were all the jokes about masturbation , stuff like that . It was too sick 
Oh , you are too conservative . It's just realistic 
I don't think it's realistic . I thought it was sick . Why does a movie have to use that kind of humor 
People think it's funny 
Have you noticed the Mexican restaurant on the other side of this street 
You mean the one with the yellow bricks ? But last time I saw it , it wasn ’ t really in business yet . I saw some people inside furnishing the rooms . Is it open now 
Yes , someone give me a pamphlet introducing the restaurant and its business hours when I passed by this morning.So , let ’ s have a try . My treat 
Great , I like the idea of trying some new food 
Good for you . Today we have more chances to try some new food because there are now many new form restaurants in our city coming from places all over the world 
Also some traditional Chinese food , like noodles and dumpling are marketed in modern ways with improved food quality . I heard this year , the government has imposed very stringent inspection on the hygiene conditions restaurants and suppliers of food are also under tighter control 
For sure all the customers will benefit from this 
Mary , could you please come in for a short while 
No problem 
Mary , I'd like you to meet Richard , Our new executive in the marketing 
Nice to meet you , Austin 
Welcome to our department . I hope you'll like it here 
By the way , Richard will assist me in the planning work . I hope you can work well together 
Sure , if you've got any problem you can ask me 
Thank you.It ' s very kind of you 
Richard , Mary is a very helpful and experienced secretary indeed , and I'm sure you will find out 
Thank you , sir . I'll try my best to assist Richard in his work 
How's everything , Janice 
I sent my resume to a computer company and am waiting for their call 
Which company 
Pineapple Computer Company . A secretary is needed there , and it is worth a try . Do you get any information or advertisement for employment 
Yep ! I got some , in which I am interested . But ..
But what ? You always act like this , when you face difficulties 
YOU GET ME 
All the fears are nothing . You can make it . There is no other choice for you . Be brave 
Seemingly there is no turning back . I have to face it somehow 
It's all or nothing 
Excuse me , where is the nearest gas station 
Go along this street to the traffic lights 
To the traffic lights 
That's right , and turn left at the lights 
Left at the lights 
And then right at the bridge 
Right at the bridge 
Yes . The gas station is on the left . And you can't miss it 
Hello ! Is your taxi engaged 
No , this taxi is free 
Please take me to the Honging Hotel 
OK . Please get in . I'm glad to serve you 
Could you get there in twenty minutes 
It will take half an hour to get to the hotel 
I am in a hurry . Please take a shortcut . I have a friend waiting for me 
OK , I promise we'll get there in twenty minutes 
Thanks 
It's the 17th week now , isn't it 
Yes , it is 
Oh , the final exam is coming soon . I feel a little bit nervous 
Take it easy . There is still one more week left before the exam begins . Have you prepared for it well 
No , I haven't began my preparations 
Then shall we make preparations together 
Great . You can help me a lot with English 
All right . But I am very poor at math . Would you like to help me with my math 
No problem 
Does he know that he has already at his wits ' end 
I think he has realized that . But he is still whistling in the dark by putting up an act 
He might be driven up a wall . You should not handle your relation with him with kid gloves 
But when I noticed that he was left in the cold , I could not help wanting to help him to get out of the situation 
Hello , Sara are you finished packing yet ? Do you need a hand 
Thanks . Dad , but I can manage it myself 
Make sure you have your ID card . You will need it while you travel 
Yes , I know . The problem is that I can't find it . Where did you put it 
All your important documents and certificates should be in the desk drawer 
Oh , yes , here it is 
Sara 
What's up 
Did you buy a map ? Traveling can be really inconvenient without one , and you could even wind up lost
No . Dad . We have a tour guide 
Also , take these pills in case you have any airsickness , and take some cold medicine , too . How about some band-aids 
No , I won't get sick . I promise . Ok . I've finished . Bye , Dad . See you 
Take care , dear ! Be careful ! Oh Sara , wait a minute ! You forget your raincoat and umbrella 
Dad , that's all right . I don't think it will rain . And it doesn't make any sense to take that many things on a trip . Besides I like to travel light . Bye 
How is he 
Not very well . He was white about the gills 
Did he see the doctor 
Yeah , but he refused to take the medicine 
Why 
I don't know the reason 
Miss Wang , would you mind my asking you a personal question 
No , not at all . Go ahead 
Are you married 
Yes . Is that so important 
Frankly yes . We like to employ married people . By the way , do you have any children 
Yes , I have a three-year-old son 
Excuse me , waiter . Could we change our table for that one ? My wife is quite interested in the scenery 
I am sorry . That table has been booked 
It doesn't matter . This one is fine 
May I help you 
Have you any package tour to Italy 
Yes , of course . Here are all the tour routes we have to Italy 
How long does the route No . 5 last 
2 weeks . Is that OK 
We have just 10 days for the vacation 
What qualities do you think a business manager should possess 
Creativity , the ability to organize , the entrepreneur's spirit , comprehensive knowledge of human studies , ability of gathering information , expert competence of communication and deep professional skills 
If a client complains about the service of your department , what will you do 
If I'm in the service center . I'll listen to the client patiently , and accept the criticism objectively . Then I will have the claim reasonably settled 
I haven ’ t met Bob for years . How is he 
He has been keeping bach after divorce 
He would have recovered from the stress and got married again 
Once bitten , twice shy . He said he would rather keep bach than to live in disgust 
I finally went out to dinner with him last night 
Just the two of you 
Yup 
Where did you go 
True , a sea food restaurant 
True ? The food is terrible 
I didn't notice . I don't really even know what I ate 
Really 
Good coming , sir . What can I do for you 
I'm Mr . Bob , Room 309 . I'm checking out today . Can I have my bill now 
Certainly . Please wait a moment . Here is your bill 
What's the 30 yuan for 
This is the charge for your laundry service on Nov . 20thA
But I did't take any laundry service during my stay here . I think you have added someone else's 
Would you mind waiting a moment while we check it with the department concerned 
I don't mind waiting as long as we get this straightened out 
I'm very sorry , Mr . Bob . There has been a mistake . We'll correct the bill 
It doesn't matter . Here is the money 
Thank you very much . Hope to see you again 
Do you like cooking 
Yes . I like cooking very much . I got this hobby when I was 12 years sold 
Why do you like it 
I have no idea . I like cooking by myself . I like to taste delicious food 
That's wonderful 
And I love trying new recipes , which I usually test with my friends . You can come , too 
Really ? I hope I can have a chance to taste it . Don't forget to tell me 
Certainly 
I just heard that you won the long-distance race . Congratulations on your victory 
Thank you 
So it is really worth your great effort . And hope you can keep the record you've made today 
I will try my best 
Matthew ? Hi 
Steve ! Haven't seen you in ages ! How long's it been 
it's got to be almost a year now 
how have you been 
I'm pretty good . I've been looking for a place to live recently . My lease runs out next month and I don't want to renew it 
yeah , I remember the neighborhood . Have you found a place yet 
not yet . I am still looking through the classifieds . Wish me luck 
well , maybe I can help . Remember my neighbor 
Mrs . Thou 
yes , her daughter's having a baby , so she's moving in with her to help out . I think if you are interested , you can come over and have a look 
great . It's a lovely neighborhood . And it would be nice to be neighbors again . It would be just like the old days 
I'll ask Mrs . Thou when she's available to show the apartment and let you know . Has your number changed 
We are interested in placing a large order for your wool carpet 
How much would you like 
10,000 sq . m . You should give us a discount for such a large quantity 
A higher discount will be given for a big order , so we are willing to give you a 5 % discount this time 
The Iranians will give us a 10 % discount if such a high order is placed with them . No doubt you know an incentive discount encourages the buyers and helps expand seller's business 
Of course I know . But there is too high a rate . Frankly speaking , the maximum discount we can make is 6 % 
Do Mona and Jim need a new house 
No , they have a big new fancy house 
Does Jim make a lot of money 
Yes , he does . He is a science fiction writer 
Does Jim need to make more money 
Afraid so . The more the better 
What do they need all that money for 
Well , they spend it pretty quick . New clothes , new computers and new cars every year . And they ’ Ve got a cook and housekeeper.Mona used to be an actress , she likes to spend a lot of money 
Do they have any children 
No . They want children but no luck yet 
What does Jim like to do 
Jim likes to travel around the world.That ' s expensive ! So he tries to make a lot of money 
What does Mona like to do 
Oh , she enjoys spending money on fancy parties.Mona loves to wear sexy dresses , and she has quite a bit of jewelry 
Wow ... She sounds like a high maintenance wife 
I guess so . She is also interested in politics . She knows everyone in city government 
Politics can be an expensive hobby 
She is pretty serious about it . Her uncle is a mayor . She wants to follow in his footsteps 
Politics is a hard game to play 
She might do well . Everyone seems to like her 
I passed history test 
Really ? That ’ s marvelous 
And then you ’ re old man won ’ t be beaten this time 
I ’ Ve made up my mind not to be beaten again 
First National Bank 
Hi , I have a checking account with you 
How can I help you 
I need to see if check number 212 has cleared yet 
What's your name and account number 
Can you develop the roll of film 
Sure 
How long does it take 
6 hours . If you are in a hurry we can develop it in 3 hours 
There is no need . I will come back tomorrow 
What are you doing , Janice 
I am reading the book on patent and I think it will be helpful for my work
Patent ? Are you also learning something about patent 
Yep ! I heard that your company is registering a new trademark 
You are well-informed . Can you tell me something about the Patent Law in our country from the book you are reading 
I just read this in the whole afternoon . Let me show you 
So coincidental . Actually we can exchange some information on this problem 
The purpose of the law is to protect and encourage inventions and to promote the development of science and technology . The law came into effect in 1984 , and it consists of 8 chapters with 69 articles 
Is there any provision on applying for the patent for foreign company 
Foreign companies should appoint a patent agency , which is designated by our government to act as his patent agent . This task is usually taken by the Patent Agent Department 
How long is the duration of patent right for an invention according to your Patent Law 
15 years 
Excuse me , sir . Didn't you see the red light 
Oh , I thought I could make a right turn on red here 
No , sir . The sign says No Turn on Red 
Oh , I guess I didn't see it 
I am sorry , sir . But may I see your driver's license and insurance policy , PLS ? I have to give you a ticket 
Here they are 
Sign here , PLS . You can appeal to the court within 14 days . This slip has all the information you need . Pls drive safely , sir 
Thank you , Ma ’ am 
May I speak to Peter 
Who's calling 
I have a good feeling about this house 
Yes , I liked it the first moment I pulled up to it 
I love the paint job 
If you like the outside , you are going to really love the inside 
What a beautiful home 
You ’ ll notice that the window treatments , carpeting , and drapes are all new 
I like the way the blinds give you privacy from the street 
Follow me into the kitchen . You will love it 
I love that they put a wine storage area in the kitchen 
The best part is the bedroom and attached bathroom 
I love the relaxing colors in the tile and floor covering 
Let ’ s take a few pictures so that we can remember what we like about this home 
Room service.what can I do for you 
I would like to have my room cleaned . Would you please send a maid here right now 
OK . Someone will be there right away 
Thank you 
Would you cash these travelers ' checks , please 
How would you like them 
In ten dollar bill , please 
Is there anything else 
Yes , I'd like to know how to send money to France 
Steven , what's the expense of moving house 
About 3 000 dollars 
It costs a lot of money . Hospital bills had already made deep in-roads into our savings . Do you think the rest of your salary will be enough to cover our daily expenses 
I am afraid not , darling . Our expenses are mounting 
We have to cut back on our shopping from now on 
Don't worry . Maybe I can find a part-time job to increase my income 
I hope so 
Honey , I have something important to say 
Something important 
Yes . I have just booked two tickets 
Tickets ? What tickets 
Two air tickets 
Air tickets 
Yes . We will fly to Paris the day after tomorrow 
We ? The day after tomorrow ? What are you talking about 
Today is June 18 , isn ’ t it 
Yes . So 
Think about it 
Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow 
Yes . Think about it carefully 
Oh , come on . Tell me please . Why did you book tickets to Paris 
Oh , honey ! Don ’ t you remember this important day to us 
Sorry 
It is our 10th wedding anniversary this June 20 
Our 10th wedding anniversary 
Of course . You completely forgot it 
Darling . I think you have made a mistake 
I have made a mistake 
Yes . We married on July 20 ten years ago 
July 20 ? But I think it should be June 20 
Yes . We had planned to marry on June 20 , but something happened , so we had to put off our wedding day 
Yes . I remember now . We put it off . I did make a mistake . But how shall we deal with the tickets 
Since you have booked . Then let ’ s celebrate our wedding anniversary before hand 
Anne , would you please come in for a while ? Please also bring along the minutes of yesterday's management meeting 
Of course , sir ... Here's the minutes of the meeting 
How long did the meeting last 
The meeting was delayed by thirty minutes and it lasted for two and a half hours 
Did the chairman ask for me 
Yes , I told him that you were very ill and couldn't attend 
All right . Have you handed in my report to him 
Yes , I did . Besides , here are all the reports and materials handed out in the meeting . I think you'll have to do some replies 
Thank you , Anne . You've done an excellent job . Did they mention the date for the next meeting 
No , they didn't . The chairman said he would send a memo to all managers by the end of this week informing them of the date of the next meeting 
Dad , may I have a room of my own 
Oh , honey , I'm so sorry , we don't have enough space for you to have your own room 
Dad , but I don't want to share a room with Peter . He snores every night 
Honey , you can ask him to be quite . Otherwise you may punish him and tell him to stand out of the room , right 
Alright . Maybe it's the only way to do it 
Welcome to our company Mr white . My name is Yan Hua , the secretary of Mr Wang 
Nice to meet you 
Would you like to have a cup of tea or coffee 
Thank you . I'd like Chinese tea very much 
Glad you like it . By the way , is this your first time to China , Mr . White 
Yes , as a representative of IBM . I hope to conclude some business with you 
We also hope to expand our business with you 
This is our common desire 
I think you probably know China has adopted a flexible policy in her foreign trade 
Yes , I have read about it , but I would like to know more about it 
Right . Seeing is believing 
Sure 
Are you ready to order 
I think that we have a pretty good idea of what we would like to order 
Let me tell you about the specials of the day , which are chicken in a wine sauce with capers , and grilled garlic shrimp 
I was wondering if the chef could leave off the sauce 
The chef would be happy to accommodate your special requests 
I am a vegetarian . Do you have any vegetarian selections 
You could choose the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza or the goat cheese and candied walnut salad 
I think that we will split the roasted vegetable and garlic pizza 
That is a good selection , and I can bring your salads now or serve them with your entree 
You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree 
That sounds pretty good . But isn't downloading music illegal 
Not if you pay for it . For example , if you download from iTunes and pay with your credit card , it's legal 
OK , I'm going to get iTunes and download some Vanilla Ice songs 
Awesome . You'll see that they are really catchy 
What happened to John 
He quit
Cheers ! To our first night in our new apartment 
It's so quiet . I'm not really used to it 
All you hear is the crickets and the breeze 
It's a little eerie . I'm sure the silence will begin to grow on me 
Well , I think it's fabulous . And the neighbors don't even seem to exist 
That is a relief . It's a good thing we moved 
The system keeps crashing when I try to access the personnel database 
I think the file is too big . You'll need to expand your memory . First , close down all the files you have open , and then ..
Sir , may I help you 
Would you have my baggage sent up , please 
Sure . It's my pleasure . The elevator is right there ; your room is on the fifth floor . Here is your room 
Thank you very much . This is for your help 
I am so worried about this English contest . I have butterflies in my stomach now 
I have confidence in you . Believe in yourself 
How is your business going 
Business couldn't be better 
Really ? Maybe I should work for you 
Welcome . I could use the help 
I'd appreciate it if you could help me pick out a gift for my daughter 
Would she be interested in a laptop 
That's exactly what I was thinking of 
A Mac would be an excellent gift 
I like Macs . How much for a Mac 
You can take a 15 - inch Pro home right now for only $ 2,100 
A Mac it is . I'll take one home with me 
She'll be very happy with this . And how do you plan to pay for it 
I'll use my VISA , if that's okay 
Now , if you'll just sign here , the Mac is all yours 
Will she need anything besides what's in this box 
Everything she needs is right here in the box 
I appreciate your help . Maybe I'll be back for more computer stuff 
Your daughter should get straight A's from now on . Good-bye 
You look fresh recently . And .. what's your weight now 
110 pounds 
Really ? Congratulations ! That's really something beyond my imagination . How did you make it ? Did you keep on a diet 
No , you know I can't bear eating less 
Then do the slim pills take effect on you 
I've quit it already . I go to aerobics class everyday instead 
How's it going on 
You see . I've lost my weight in spite of my good appetite 
I'd better exercise my body too . My limbs are rusty now 
I don't think so . You look full of energy every day . Time has stood still with you 
Thank you 
Mom , I don't feel well 
Are you sick 
I feel dizzy 
Let me take your temperature 
Mom , I don't want to go to see a doctor 
Oh , honey , I think you've caught a cold , you should get a shot 
Robin , what are you going to do tomorrow 
Bob and I plan to play hockey in the morning 
And later 
Well , in the afternoon , after a long nap , we ’ ll go yachting with Nora 
It seems that you will have a nice day tomorrow 
How about you ? What are you going to do tomorrow 
I have a lot of work in the office and a lot of chores in the house.How I envy you , Robin 
Of course ! Of course ! Here you are . Thank you so much 
Are you looking for anything else 
Um , let me see . Hmm . This antique tea set here is gorgeous 
That was a thirtieth birthday present . You can have it if you want 
Really ? No , no , I couldn't ! You're too nice 
And these old Dutch candle holders would go nicely with the tea set . Have them 
Gee ! I don't know what to say ! Thanks so much 
Excuse me , sir . I can't find my baggage . Here is my claim tag 
Don't worry , madam . Can you make a description of your baggage 
One is a small-size Nike in red and the other is a big one in black . The two are tied together 
OK . We will make an announcement for you . Please leave your telephone number , we will call your as soon as we have your baggage 
May I take your order 
I'd like to see the menu , please 
Oh , I'm so sorry . I thought you had one . Here you are 
Don't you have any Chinese food 
I'm afraid we don't . But I'm sure you'll enjoy our lunch special 
This sucks . I hate buying lingerie . Okay , just find something and get out of here . Alright , these are fine . Oh , no , don ’ t come over here , don ’ t come over here 
You look a little lost , can I help you 
Um , I ’ m just having a look around . It ’ s my girlfriend ’ s birthday tomorrow . I'm trying to find her something 
Well , you can ’ t give her granny panties.Have you thought about getting her somesleepwear ? We ’ Ve got these lovely , silky nighties . Or , how about a nice panty-and and-bra set . Look , here ’ s a nice satin push-up bra , and you can choose a few different styles of undies to go with it 
Sure that ’ s fine.This is so awkward ... what ones do I pick ? What size is she 
Well , do you want a thong , some bikini briefs , maybe this nice pair of lacy boy shorts 
Just pick something and get the hell out of here.Um , I'll go with these two.This is mortifying . I just want to get this over with.She better thank me for this ..
Here you are , sir . I ’ m sure she ’ ll enjoy them 
Finally 
I ’ m sorry , sir . I ’ m going to have to take a look inside your bag 
You're here to make a deposit , is that correct 
Right . I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account 
No problem . Could I have the cash and your Bank Book , please ? Oh dear ... there seems to be some problems here ..
What ? What's wrong 
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit . Look at this watermark , do you see it 
It does look a little strange , I didn't notice that before 
To be a revolutionary needs great courage 
He must be courageous enough to fly in the face of established authorities 
Galileo is one of them 
So are Copernicus and many others 
Do you believe in horoscope fortune-telling 
I used to be an atheist . But in recent months , I couldn't but form a more favorable opinion of horoscope 
That sounds interesting . Have you been involved in any mystery 
Not exactly , except that I find horoscope predictions increasingly accurate . I came upon a website which sends me an up-dated message by e-mail each day forecasting my experience in detail . It is amazing to find these forecasts largely in line with my daily life 
What did it say about you then 
For example , the message for the day before yesterday notified me that I , as a Leo guy , was to have some " unusual experience in food and drink . And as it turned out , the reality matched this prediction well . Lasi night , I was treated to a dinner party by Mr . Lee 
But it must have been only a coincidence . That's the only way superstition wins over science 
Oh , no . You can never tell whether such-and-such is science or sheer fraud.If horoscope is really something deceptive , how come quite a size of proportion of young people think highly of it 
For fun . It serves as a shared topic to them.While they claim to consult the predictions constantly and marvel at their " accuracy ' . they do not necessarily take them seriously . When it that these predictions are matched by their real-life experiences , they delight in spreading the thrill with friends . But if there isn't any correlation between reality and predictions , they just grin , forget about them , and go on living as usual 
Look ! This picture of Mom in her cap and gown 
Isn't it lovely ! That's when she got her Master's Degree from Miami University 
Yes , we are very proud of her 
Oh , that's a nice one of all of you together . Do you have the negative ? May I have a copy 
Surely , I'll have one made for you . You want a print 
No . I'd like a slide , I have a new projector 
I'd like to see that myself 
Have a wallet size print made for me , too 
Certainly 
What's your favorite hobby 
I'd like reading books best 
What kinds of books do you like to read 
Literature and economy 
By the way , would you like to see movies 
That's OK 
What do you do in your spare time 
I like to play golf , play badminton or crack jokes 
I just like to sleep like a lazy cat 
That's a bad habit 
Can I have the window seat over there 
Sorry , sir . That table has been booked 
Well , in that case , this table is the only choice 
Actually you can have a window seat if you don't mind a ten-minute wait 
There is no need . Thanks 
We will go to Luoyang for a vacation next month 
How long will you stay there 
About one week 
Where will you live during the vacation 
In the hotel 
Have you made a reservation 
Yes , we have 
That's OK 
Good afternoon , may I help you 
I have booked a table for 3 this evening . I would like to cancel it 
May I have your name , please 
Sure . Brown and we have reserved a table next to the door 
Yes , I see . We will cancel your order 
Shall we have some soup first 
No , thank you . I don't like soup . I'd rather have some fruit juice to start with 
Ok , and what about the main course ? Which would you rather have fish or meat 
Meat , I think 
Don't you like fish then 
I do , but I want meat 
Shall we have some white wine then 
Yes , but I prefer red wine with meat 
What would you like for dessert 
I just want to have a coffee , I think 
Fine , and after dinner , shall we go to a disco 
No , thanks . I'd like to go straight home . I'm very tired 
Oh , damn . There ’ s another traffic jam on the highway 
How can there be a traffic jam on a 16 - lane highway every day 
There are just too many people , and too many cars 
I wonder if there was an accident 
No , they just said it too many people were trying to get off at the Capitol exits 
Well , let ’ s put on some music . We ’ re going to be stuck in this for a while 
All right , what do you want to listen to 
How about some Beatles 
Yeah , all right 
Hi . Have you got a personal computer 
Certainly . What's the matter 
I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet 
Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores 
Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line 
That's simple . Just click the hyperlink , www.taobao.com or www . ebay.com , and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen , and then you can place an order online with the sales company . And the goods will be delivered to your place 
Is the service charged 
No . it's free 
Really . I'll get a computer at once 
I'd like to help pitch in with dinner 
Really ? You are joking 
No , I'd like to do something special for you on your birthday 
I'd like that . Alright , put on this apron first 
OK.Now how can I help , hon 
Hmm , let me see . Boil some water , and then whisk two eggs 
Easy , I can do that with my eyes closed.Done 
Not bad . OK , now take some meat and potatoes from the fridge 
How many potatoes do you need 
Three . And bring four bell peppers 
Gotcha , OK . Here they are 
Now wash them , then dice the potatoes and bell peppers , then slice the meat 
Where is the peeler 
It's in the cabinet . Adam , The gas cooker doesn't work 
What ? Oh shit ! I cut my finger 
Let me take a look at that . I can't stop the bleeding.We need to go to the hospital 
I guess cooking is not as easy as I thought 
Did you see Victor on Wednesday , Wendy 
Yes . We went for a walk in the woods near the highway 
Wasn ’ t it cold on Wednesday 
Yes . It was very cold and windy . We wore heavy wool sweaters and walked quickly to keep warm 
It ’ s so nice and quiet in the woods 
Yes . Farther away from the highway it was very quiet and there were birds and squirrels everywhere . We counted over twenty squirrels 
It sounds wonderful . Did you take lunch with you 
Yes , we bought veal sandwiches . We stopped around twelve , and we ate and watched the squirrels , but it was too windy to sit long . It was a very nice walk , anyway 
Balista , I'll have a frappuccino 
What a girly drink . I'll take a bag of the Blue Mountain and a decaf breva ..
You and your fancy Italian names 
Isn't “ frappuccino ” Italian , too ? ... and heat me up a panini 
I'll be fine with just my girly drink , thank you very much 
And I'll stick with real coffee 
By the way , can you tell me where I can find a restaurant not 
As far as I can see , Westlake Restaurant is a good choice 
How can I get there 
Walk down till you see the first lights . It's cross the street 
Thank you 
It is obvious that their government is nursing the hope of having all other countries over a barrel and bring them completely under their control 
It ’ s a typical of them to do so 
What can we do 
We must keep developing our economy and unite with other developing countries to fight against it 
There are so many record players here . That is hard to choose 
Look at this one . It has a radio and cassette player and built in speakers 
I'd rather get one with separated speakers . They give a clear sound 
Yes , but we shouldn't get any thing too big . Remember it has to fit in with our living room furniture 
That's right . Now this one looks alright ? It's a detached or do you prefer this one ? It's Sony 
Let's have the salesmen for a demonstration 
David , have you watched the 82nd Oscar Awards Ceremony ? Avatar got the Award of Visual Effect . The movie sounds great 
You are so old-fashioned . I have already watched it last week in cinema 
How was it 
Its 3D animation is attractive and its colorful scenes are also unforgettable 
It is said that The Hurt Locker got the Award of Best Picture . What do you think about this 
Well , its theme is moving and profound , so from the academic aspect , this is its advantage to win the award 
How do you feel about teaching my friend how to read 
How old is your friend and why doesn't he know how to read 
He's 78 and he's a new emigrant from South America and he's never been to school 
Does he even know how to speak English 
No . But I thought that you could start with reading and then go from there 
That was very thoughtful of you to volunteer me 
Come on . You're great at teaching and I know you will love him . He's adorable 
Oh , all right . Have him come over here for dinner . But you get to make dinner 
Hello . This is John ’ s Distribution . Can I help you 
Yes . I need some ice water delivered 
Are you completely out 
No , I have some , but not enough for the long weekend 
Okay . I ’ ll send someone to deliver it for you tomorrow 
Thank you 
No problem 
I'd like a double room 
Do you have a reservation 
Yes , I called you last week from New York . My name is George Lee 
Wait a second , PLS . Yes , Mr . Lee , we have a room reserved for you . How long do you plan to stay 
Probably two days . My wife will join me tomorrow . Then we will decide when to leave for Seattle 
Would you sign the register , PLS 
By the way , does my room have a private bath 
Certainly , every room in this hotel has a private bath 
Does my room have twin beds or a double ? I prefer a room with twin beds 
Your room has twin beds , Mr.Lee . It also has a view . I am sure you will like it . This is your key . It's on the eighth floor room 801 . The elevator's over there 
Thank you . One more thing , where is your restaurant 
The restaurant is on the second floor . We also have a cafeteria on the top floor . If you would like something to drink , you can either call room service or come down here . The bar is right behind the lobby 
Thank you , you are very kind 
You are welcome 
What do you think of this one 
Eh , so so 
And this one ? Too flashy 
Nah , not too flashy 
Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ’ t it hideous 
I guess 
Are you even listening ? I ’ m trying to have a conversation with you 
And I ’ m trying to watch the game , but you ’ re yapping on about your new clothes 
Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon 
Well could you do me the favor of making this quick ? It ’ s the third quarter and you ’ Ve been blabbering on since the first 
Oh , your precious game . You watch the same game every year , and each year your beloved hometown team loses by at least three goals 
Oh no you didn ’ t . You didn ’ t just insult the Sals-bury Seals , did you ? Why don ’ t you just . just go and return all of those stupid clothes and not come back until the sales are over 
I might just ! Enjoy your stupid game 
You mustn't touch the wet paint , Bill 
I'm sorry . I won't do it again 
Try to be more careful in future 
I shall . I wasn't as careless as John Sampson . He walked across that wet cement over there 
The workmen oughtn't to leave it without a no tice 
The headmaster asked them not to do so 
Then why isn't there a notice 
They went to their stores to get one . Here they come with it now 
But look at them ! They've forgotten about the wet cement and they're walking across it to put up the notice 
Have you made up your mind about not going back to your hometown after graduation ? Where else would you go 
I would try to land a job in Beijing . I just want to go to one of the big cities 
why 
many say more development opportunities can be found there 
that's true . Beijing is the political , economic and cultural center of the entire country 
and there're higher salaries there 
well , that's true , but living expenses are also higher in big cities 
I've considered that . I'll share an apartment with others to save the rent , and the cost of living won't be too much for only one person 
one person ? How about your girlfriend 
oh , we had to break up because she didn't want to float around in Beijing . She insisted on working in her hometown and having a stable life 
sorry to hear that . It seems you have sacrificed a lot to work away from home 
sure have . I want to offer my parents a better life ; so , I'll have to work very hard 
I admire you . Good luck 
Do you think Tom will be elected president 
No , I think Harry will get it 
Let's make a bet on who gets it 
OK , loser buys pizza tomorrow night 
Do you believe that classified ads in the newspaper are the most effective way to search for a job 
No , I don't think so . I think the Internet would be better 
OK , but I am going to look at the want ads in this newspaper first 
well , there is no doubt that many people have found jobs through the want ads in the newspaper 
Do you remember John from head office 
Yes 
Have you heard what happened to him 
No , what 
He had his car stolen . Actually he was kidnapped while he was in the car 
What do you mean 
Well , apparently , he was just getting into his car-he'd parked it in one of those underground multi-story things-he was just getting in and suddenly three guys with guns opened the back doors of the car and got in 
Crikey . Where did this happen 
In Taichung , I think 
Oh , right , I hear they have a lot of this kind of problem down there 
Really ? Well , anyway , they pointed their guns at him and said , you know , keep calm and drive out . ... we don't want to hurt you ... we just want your car 
So what happened 
Well , he drove out , and when he got to the booth to pay the attendant , he pretended to have an epileptic fit , you know , to scare the thieves away . The attendant was no help at all , even though the guys were holding guns in plain view , he did nothing 
That's terrible 
Yes , makes you think , doesn't it 
So what happened next 
Well , he kept on pretending to have a fit , so they freaked out and just ran away 
Well , he sure was lucky 
I'll say 
I need to stop eating such unhealthy foods 
I know what you mean . I've started eating better myself 
What foods do you eat now 
I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken 
Those are the only things you eat 
That's basically what I eat 
Why aren't you eating anything else 
Well , fruits and vegetables are very healthy 
And the chicken 
It's really healthy to eat when you bake it 
I guess that does sound a lot healthier 
I ’ Ve got a new boss 
Oh , what ’ s he like 
Well , he ’ s got dark hair and brown eyes 
Yes 
And a white sports car 
Um , that ’ s good 
Yes , but he ’ s got a wife and 3 children as well 
Good morning ! I am a new comer in our office 
Good morning ! Welcome to our office 
Nice to meet you ! My name is Grace Williams 
Nice to meet you too ! I am Peter Smith 
Today is my first day at work 
Well , hope you will enjoy your first day ! Just ask me if you need any help 
Thank you . It's very kind of you 
You are welcome 
Come in , please 
Good afternoon , Mrs Smith 
Good afternoon . Have a seat , please . You are Mr . Sun 
Thank you . Yes , I am Dunlin 
I have read your resume . I know you have worked for 3 years . Why did you choose to major in mechanical engineering 
Many factors led me to major in mechanical engineering . The most important factor is I like tinkering with machines 
What are you primarily interested in about mechanical engineering 
I like designing products , and one of my designs received an award . Moreover , I am familiar with CAD . But I can do any mechanic well if I am employed 
Why did you decide to apply for this position 
Your company has a very good reputation , and I am very interested in the field your company is in 
What do you think determines an employee's progress in a company such as ours 
Interpersonal and technical skills 
We have several applicants for this position . Why do you think you are the person we should choose 
I have the abilities , qualities and experience that you requested in your job advert , for example I have three years experience in designing products and I got leadership experience while serving the college student union as president 
That sounds very good . How do you see your career development 
After a few years of gaining experience in the company and furthering my professional qualifications I'd like to put my experience and skills to use in management . I want to become a supervisor in your R & D department 
Have you anything to ask about the job 
Yes . Do you offer any opportunities for further study 
Yes . If you undertake additional courses , provided these are approved , and you complete them successfully , you can claim back part , quite a large part , 75 % of the costs you incurred . Not just the fees , - traveling and other expenses too 
That's fine 
Anything else 
No 
Well , thank you very much , Mr . Sun . I'll let you know the result of the interview as soon as possible . Goodbye 
Thank you , Mrs . Smith . I do hope the answer will be favorable . Goodbye 
Excuse me . Do you know where I can find a pay phone 
There is one around the corner 
Can I make an international call from that pay phone 
Yes , but you have to get a phone card first 
Where can I get a phone card 
You can get one in the grocery store over there 
Oh , I see it . Thank you 
Do you hear what happened to Sally 
No , what 
She had to go to the hospital 
Why 
She passed out in class . Seems she hadn't eaten anything in days 
Why on earth would she do that ? You mean that she intentionally did not eat any food for days ? That's crazy 
Yeah , but that's what she did 
I can't believe that there are girls who are willing to do that to their bodies . And all for a certain look 
Well , it's not just the girl ’ s fault . It's also society's fault - magazines and ads that show - thin models all saying , It's in to be thin . It's hard for them not to listen 
True , but there are limits . Being thin is one thing ; starving oneself to death is another . No one forces them to do this 
I think I may try to eat a little better 
I changed my diet recently , and I eat a lot healthier now 
What do you eat 
My diet consists mainly of fruits , veggies , and chicken 
That's it 
Just about 
How is that the only thing that you'll eat 
You know that fruits and vegetables are very healthy foods 
So , what about the chicken 
I bake chicken because it's a healthy way to eat it 
That sounds delicious and nutritious 
You should try it . You won't be disappointed 
Hello , may I speak to you for a few minutes 
About what 
I want to speak to you about this year ’ s election 
Oh , really 
Yes , I am a volunteer for the campaign 
I am very impressed 
I feel that history is about to be made , and I want to be a part of it 
That is very nice of you 
Will you be voting 
Yes , I am going to vote 
Make sure you make it to your polling place early on Election Day 
Thank you and good luck 
This is No . 1 bus , bound for Sihun 
Excuse me . I will go to Wangfujing , where should I get off 
There are another six stops 
We are arriving at Tiananmen . Please get ready for your arrival 
Is it Wangfujing 
No , sir . The next stop is Wangfujing 
OK 
Please get ready 
Thank you 
We are arriving at Wangfujing . Please get ready 
Is this where I get off 
Yes 
Excuse me , I don't feel good right now 
What can I do for you 
Do you have any pills for airsickness 
Here you are . Take one at a time 
Please fetch me a glass of water . Thanks 
You are welcome 
There isn't much rice , is there 
No , there isn't , but there are some vegetables 
Are there any potatoes 
No , there aren't . I'm sorry 
I'm very hungry , Donald . What can I eat 
There's a little bread and there are a few biscuits 
But I want some rice and some meat 
All right , I'll walk to the village and I'll get some meat 
Good . By the way , who's going to cook the meat 
You'll cook it of course 
Mike , come and look at this painting of shrimp ! It is so simple yet so vivid 
Yeah . It is incredible ! Is it the work of Qi Bakshi 
Yes , it is . How do you know that 
Well , Qi is famous all over the world , isn ’ t he ? Besides I am quite interested in Chinese painting 
Cool ! What kind of Chinese painting do you prefer , free sketch or claborate-style painting 
I prefer free sketch , especially the landscape paintings . I can always feel peace and harmony from those landscape paintings 
That's true . Chinese art stresses the harmony between man and nature , which is an important part of China's traditional culture 
I love this art exhibition 
So do I . Let ’ s go to other areas to see what they have got , shall we 
OK 
Excuse me ? I didn't hear what you said 
I asked you if you wanted some help 
I am new to this school and not familiar with this library . Can you help me 
Certainly . What's your topic 
I'm looking for information on tropical fish 
All right . You can use the computer over there , enter ' tropical fish'under subject . If you know the title of the book , enter it under ' title 
Great , thank you 
You are welcome 
Consumer Credit Department . How may I help you 
I need some info on car loans . Such as payment periods , interest rates , things like that , please 
Certainly . Do you currently bank with us 
Yes , I do . I have a Current Account , a credit card and a mortgage with you already 
That's excellent . Well , for our Personal Automobile Consumer Loan we offer some really competitive rates . The maximum repayment period for this type of loan is 5 years 
I plan to repay it within 2 years . And the interest 
Of course , the interest rates depend on what is announced at the time , but at the moment , the interest for a 2 - year loan is 5.29 
So the rate is variable ? OK , that's fine . How about the frequency of repayment 
We usually set up a direct debit system taking installments directly from your bank account on a monthly basis . And since you are already a valued customer , there should be no trouble in processing you application for this loan 
That's nice and easy . Thanks for your time 
Oh , no ! My stub ! I can't believe it — I flushed it down the toilet 
Excuse me , madam ! You parked in the handicapped spot 
But , but ... it was really an emergency ! And , my stub ..
Don't tell me you lost it 
Ah , umm , kind of 
That was quick 
Well , I , umm , I flushed it ..
Hello . Front desk 
Yes . This is Bob Robinson . I ’ m calling from room number 627 
Hi , Bob . What can I do for you 
Is it possible to change to another room 
Could you please tell me why 
My room is facing the swimming pool . It ’ s noisy for me . I have a problem sleeping . And I feel uncomfortable when I take an elevator 
So you need a quiet side room on the lower floor 
You ’ re right 
Okay . Let me check for a room on the first floor 
Thank you 
I ’ Ve only two rooms on the first floor . How about room 108 
That ’ s fine . Can I move now 
Sure . I ’ ll send the bellman to help you 
Oh , thank you kindly 
You ’ re welcome 
Let's decide what to order 
I'll have a hamburger 
The works 
No , just tomatoes , please . And large fries 
Anything to drink 
A small cola 
I'll have a sandwich and small fries . Would you like to have some desserts 
Apple pie is my favorite dessert 
I'd like to have an ice cream
Do you think discrimination against women in the work force is still prevalent even today 
From my own experience as a career woman , I would have to say that while things are getting better now than they used to be , it is still a widespread problem . Society is changing , but there is still a glass ceiling for women in many career tracks 
do you think the glass ceiling phenomena is because of traditional social customs ? Or are there more issues coming into play 
I think it's a very complicated issue . A part of the difficulties women have advancing in the work force are due to few opportunities and many male managers . Don't underestimate the good ole ' boy system . Men have power , so it's easier for them to stay in power 
What about affirmative action ? Hasn't legislation changed a lot of the make hierarchy 
Affirmative action has given us management quotas and bans sexual discrimination , but it's still a man's world 
We have received your resume in answer to our ads . I would like to talk with you regarding your qualification for this position , OK 
It is my honor to have this chance for this interview . Well , my major is commercial English . You know , and I am not only familiar with useful English expressions in business , but also learn some theories on this field . Besides , during my college learning period , I also attended some commercial activities to strive for the opportunity of practicing what I learned 
What is your greatest weakness 
Well , I was a diligent student when I stayed in my college . I dislike meeting the deadline , when I am working on a project . I am always willing to complete it well ahead of the schedule 
What is the greatest disappointment in your life 
Well , I lost my grandpa when I was only ten . I often recall the period when he fed me 
Well done ! Another question ! When will you start work , if you are hired 
I will start my work at the beginning of next month 
What is the matter with him 
I don't know , what's wrong 
I feel he is as cold as charity to me 
Maybe you should ask him openly 
Good morning , Miss Wang . How beautiful you look today 
Thank you . I'm wearing make-up 
Who taught you to put on make-up 
It's me . I have studied make-up at a beauty shop 
Can you teach me how to do make-up 
Of course . First , use eye shadow to heighten your eyes 
What eye shadow do you think is the most fit for me 
I think pink eye shadow is popular among Chinese girls 
How do you protect yourself from chapped lips 
I suggest you use lipstick , which also accentuates your lips 
How did you grow such long nails 
You have to pay attention to trimming them from time to time 
Were you a leader when you were in college 
Yes . I was Propaganda department minister of our university 
Did you get any honors or awards at your university 
No . It ’ s a pity about it 
Were you involved in any club activities at your university 
Yes . I was a member of the basketball Society . I like playing basketball 
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college 
I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football 
Wow , Amy , look at that number 
What's so great about it 
What do you mean ? It's a scrim 
Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that 
I love that kind of stuff 
Yeah , you seem to like those styles 
Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk 
This one looks really expensive though 
I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it 
Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke 
I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week 
Why did you drag me into this ? I've spent a week salary 
Are you on the level ? You're the one who called me , remember 
Just joking , Tonia . I've got some wonderful clothes . Let's go and have a close look at your outfit 
Hi , Helen . Where are you going on this summer vacation 
I'm going to Disneyland 
That sounds like fun 
Is there anything I can do for you 
Yes , we would like to take a tour to L . A 
Well , that's really a big city . How long do your vacations last 
2 weeks . Can I have a brochure of the sightseeing tours 
Here you are . Take your time 
Good day . Welcome to IBA , what can I assist you with today 
Hello , yes , I'm a stock investor and I'm looking at opening a new account with you . Perhaps your new compound savings one ? I already have a Current Account with you 
That's no trouble , Sir 
I'm mostly interested in the personalized services you offer , with stock market news , etc . It sounds just perfect for me , as I'm too busy to be constantly at the computer checking the performance 
Yes , that's just one of the services we offer in our Personal Financing Program 
What I need to know is how I can keep track of what's going on . I mean , some days I buy and sell quite a lot . Some days , there's no activity at all 
For every transaction you make , a statement will be drawn up and can be posted to you or sent via e-mail , or if you want to be double sure we can do both 
That's just what I need , sometimes I'm pretty forgetful 
Good morning ! Marquette General Hospital . Tia speaking . May I help you 
Hi , this is Emily Wang , I want to see a doctor today 
Your medical card No . , please 
GRM 789051
Thanks . Do you have an appointment , Ms . Wang 
No . But it is urgent , and I need to see a doctor as soon as possible . I am really in bad shape 
What is the matter 
I have a high fever and a bad headache 
Have you taken your temperature 
Yes , I took my temperature last night . It was 102 degrees . But right now I feel my fevers is up to 103 degrees 
Anything else bothering you 
I can not stop coughing , and I can not stop sneezing . I vomited blood last night . Sorry , I am coughing again 
Well , you can come to a work-in clinic today . You do not need an appointment 
What time should I come 
Any time between 8 a . m . to 9 p . m 
Ok . Thank you very much 
You are very welcome . Anything else I can do for you today 
No , thanks 
This apartment is great , but could I upgrade a few things 
What are you unhappy with 
I want to have a different color carpet 
If you agree to pay more money , you could upgrade the carpet 
Would it cost a lot more 
It could be as little as 2 dollars or as much as 10 dollars more per square yard 
I was also wondering if it would be possible to pick a different paint color 
Bring me a paint sample to look at , and I will consider it 
When can you finish with the new carpet and paint 
Your new apartment can be recarpeted and repainted by next Tuesday 
Hi , Jason 
Hi , Linda . I have two concert complimentary tickets . Will you go with me tonight 
With the greatest pleasure ! Where is the concert held this evening 
It will be held at the Central Music Hall 
What is on the program 
It ’ s a piano solo . I'm fond of piano , you know 
Hah ! OK . Let ’ s go together 
Let ’ s meet at the park at 6:00 
See you then 
Can I get some medicine to help me 
For your high blood pressure , we have several choices of medications 
What types of drugs can I try 
Hydrochlorothiazide is a diuretic that helps you with water retention 
What about side effects from that medication 
Most people have no side effects . You will have to make sure that you drink plenty of liquids with this medication 
Do I only need to take that one drug 
I am going to add a second drug for now , Lisinopril , which is an ACE inhibitor 
What can I expect when I take that medication 
You will feel much better except for the fact that you might have a little cough 
Is everything all right 
Not at all 
What's the problem 
Someone just robbed me 
What do you mean 
This guy just robbed me right on the street 
He didn't hurt you , did he 
I'm okay . He just stole my things 
I'm so sorry 
I have to file a report at the police station 
Let me take you 
I would like that 
Good day , Madam . What service do you require today 
I'd like some info about your Payroll Services , please 
It's possible to sign an agreement with us , and then we can pay your staff directly . That is called an Entrustment Agreement 
I see . How is it paid ? I mean , what payment methods are possible 
We can transfer the funds each month , at your request , into each employee's account . It is possible to pay in cash or to pay directly to the employee's savings account , no matter which bank they do business with 
That sounds pretty good . Tell me , must we use the same payment method for all of our employees 
Not at all . We can adjust the payment methods depending on the requirement of each employee 
That sounds just perfect . I'll talk things over with some colleagues and get back to you . Thank you very much for the information 
I don't understand why I'm being arrested 
You have a warrant 
A warrant for what 
Apparently , you have a bench warrant 
What does that mean 
You missed a court appearance 
I wasn't aware that I had to go to court 
I don't know what to tell you 
I don't find this fair 
Life isn't fair 
Don't I have any rights 
You have the right to remain silent 
do you have any plans for Friday night 
I don't think so . Why 
well , my hosue-mates and I are having a house-warming party . Would you like to come 
sure . Would it be alright if I brought a few friends 
the more , the merrier 
will there be a lot of people there 
I sure hope so . We've each invited about 10 people 
who else is going to be there 
I'm inviting my friends from work , you , my sister , and a few friends from school 
I know your sister . She's very nice 
don't worry.You won't be sitting there by yourself 
what time is it going to start 
most people are working Friday night , so it's going to start around 9 pm 
should I bring anything 
we'll have beer and snacks , but if you want to bring a bottle of wine , that'd be great 
I could also bring some music if you want . I've got loads of songs on my new iPod 
that'd be great . I'll see you then 
It's time for your bath , young lady 
But , Mom , I'm not dirty 
You need a bath every day 
Why 
Because you don't want to smell bad 
I don't smell bad 
That's what you think 
If I smelled bad , I could smell me 
I can smell you 
I can smell you , too 
That's my perfume 
When can I wear perfume 
Today more and more families have personal computers . People have wider range of choice to communicate with the outside world 
Right . With the establishment of Internet and a lot of web companies , people are getting more and more dependent on the web 
One of the common uses of PC is that people can buy goods through it without going out to the physical stores 
Can you tell me how it is done 
If a customer is interested in some certain goods , he can ask the web company to have the specimen of the goods shown on the color screen , and then the customer can place an order online to the sales company . And then the goods you want will be delivered to your home . The service is perfect and the delivery is free of charge 
I see . So great 
Hello , housekeeping . Is there anything I can do for you 
I would like to have my clothes washed . What's the rate 
We charge $ 5 for a barrel 
OK , here are the clothes 
Please fill out the form sir 
She is really pretty , isn't she ? Her skin looks so baby-smooth 
Well , it's just that she put a lot of makeup on her face . Actually , natural beauty comes from within 
Ah , I can smell jealousy in the air 
She has nothing that deserves my jealousy . I don't have to put things on my face and I still look pretty . Don't you think so 
Yeah , right . But what did you put on your face last night ? Those little greenish things 
They are cucumbers . They are natural skin soothers , natural healers of the skin.Haven ' t you heard them say on TV that ... eh ... they soften the skin , wipe out the roughness , counter irritation and build strength and resilience 
Yeah , yeah , yeah ! They wipe out tight , tired feelings and remove lines and age signs . Blah , blah ... See , I can even recite it 
That's right . You have learned a lot , haven't you 
You look terrific and in good shape 
Thank you 
How do you keep fit 
I do yoga twice a weeks
Yoga ? It sounds interesting 
It was hard at the beginning , but now feel it's really relaxing . It makes me flexible 
Anything else 
Yes , I often go swimming 
Are you interested in swimming 
Yes , I like it very much 
Do you work well under pressure 
Working under pressure is exciting and challenging . I don ’ t mind working under pressure . I work well under that circumstance . People can , I can 
Do you have any particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration 
No , nothing in particular 
How soon can you begin working for us 
I need about two to three weeks for necessary formalities . I will quit then transfer to your company 
I'm sorry , but I don't think this damage is our fault 
What do you mean 
It looks like the shipping company did this 
We'd better take it up with them , in that case 
Stephen , can you work overtime tonight 
What's wrong ? We have been working overtime recently 
The holiday is coming so we need to finish our task 
Must we finish our task before the holiday 
Yes . The contract must be kept 
OK . I know . But Bob wanted to change shifts with me tonight 
Did he say why 
He said he would celebrate his girlfriend's birthday 
Don't worry . I will tell him about that 
It is convenient for me to work overtime tonight 
Thank you for that . And I will double your pay 
I thought about what you said 
And what did you decide 
I decided that you're right 
I'm glad you saw the reason 
I want to reserve rooms for my colleagues 
What kind of rooms do you want 
A single room with a bath and one double room facing the lake 
No problem . Your room numbers are 201 and 204 
Thank you 
Now , Mr.William , a little personal information first , are you married 
Yes . I am . Actually my wife is a teacher 
What's your major 
German 
How long have you been study in German 
Since I first met my wife , about three years 
And just one more question , would you like to be an interpreter 
Yes , I ’ d like to do that 
Very good , you can come here to work next month 
Thank you 
What dressing would you like on the salad 
French dressing , please 
I beg your pardon 
Oh , French dressing 
Sorry , it's not available now.Anything else 
We still prefer French dressing 
Will you say it again 
Who's your manager ? Tell me ! Would you 
Good evening , Yanking Restaurant 
Could I reserve a table for Saturday , September 16th at 8: 00 p . m . 
Certainly , sir . For how many people , please 
For two people . We would like a quiet table , please 
Of course . May I have your name , please 
This is Mr . William 
Can you spell that , please 
William . W-I-L-L-I-A-M 
Thank you , Mr . William . Goodbye 
Good morning . Are you ready to order 
Yes , I am , thank you . I'll have three scrambled eggs with country ham , toast and jam , please 
Would you like anything to drink 
I'll have a tomato juice and some iced tea 
Anything else 
Could I have a slice of pumpkin pie 
Sure . Coming right up 
Thank you very much for everything you have done for me during my stay in China 
And I must thank you again for your generous help 
The help is mutual . I must thank you to see me off . My wife and I will be looking forward to seeing you . You will come to see us , won't you 
I promise I will take the first chance to call on you . Please send your wife with my best regards 
Hi Sam , would you like to come for a curry with us next Friday 
Sure , I love curry . Who else is coming 
Jane , Susan , Pete and two colleagues of mine from work 
I have no plans for Friday , so curry would be great . Which restaurant do you have in mind 
Susan suggested the one on Main Street . She says it is very good 
Which one is that 
You know , the one just on the corner with Oxford Street . There is a large pharmacy next door 
Oh yes , I know which one you mean . I have never been there , but I looked at their menu once and it did look good 
Okay then . I think we will all meet outside 
What time 
At 8 o'clock . I will make the reservation 
That's good . See you on Friday 
What problems will exporters face in moving to the foreign market 
An exporter needs to know the social characteristics of people he is dealing with 
Like what 
What do they like or dislike . What languages do they speak , what religions do they follow 
Reasonable 
Especially he needs to know their behavior , their habits , their way of life and the things they are used to 
Sometimes people in different countries , or even in different parts of the same country have varying outlooks because of the tribe and culture 
just don't understand why we have to take the subway . Look at this place . It's modern enough . But it's far from lively 
It's convenient . People in network go everywhere by subway if they don't drive 
This isn't network , Frida . We are in San Francisco 
What's the difference 
We haven't come here in business but for pleasure . We should go out exciting . What can you see in the subway ? Nothing 
What can you see from a tram or a double-decker 
I can see people who are walking on the sidewalk . I can see cars driving on the streets . I can see the sun shining and beautiful flowers dancing in the wind . I can even smell the scent of flowers and the freshness of the air 
But they are not as convenient as the subway 
You miss the point ! We are not in a hurry to go anywhere 
Well , maybe you are right . We'll be more amused in a tram or a double-decker than on the subway 
I'm so glad you can finally see things in my way . Can we leave this dull place now 
What about the tickets ? I've already bought them 
Just throw them away 
I firmly believe that if we invested in funds we could earn a lot of money 
All wet.You are such a fool 
The world changes , the family changes too 
What do you mean 
People now like a small family composed of two parents and one child 
That is called a nuclear family 
I don't like such a family 
What kind of family are you like 
I like a family composed of many people . It includes grandparents , parents , aunts and uncles , and children 
It's a traditional family . It may be too large to live well 
We can live well , I think 
Hello ? This is Steven . I'd like to speak to Mr . Brown , please 
I'm afraid he is not in at the moment 
Then what time do you think he will be in 
I suppose he won't come back until 6 p . m . By the way , do you want to call later , or would you like to leave a message 
I'd like to leave a message . Please ask him to give me a call as soon as he returns . He has my number 
Okay , I'll do that 
Thank you . Bye-bye 
You're welcome , bye 
I'm calling to tell you the shipment has arrived in good condition 
That's good ! This is our first transaction . I hope you'll be entirely satisfied with this initial shipment 
Quite satisfied . I'm looking forward to our future cooperation 
Have you ever tried shopping online 
No , never . I prefer to actually see and touch what I'm buying before I pay for it , especially for clothes and shoes 
That's right . Seeing is believing 
I've heard some friends say when they get the article , it's quite different from what they see on the website advertisement 
That happens . Without close quality examination , we may encounter fraud , and the e-shop may suddenly disappear 
What's more , it's not always so safe for us to pay online as hackers might steal the user name and password 
It's said that some measures have been taken to deal with this problem . Paying online is much safer than before , but I still have the feeling that it's not safe enough 
I can't agree more . that's why I only do street shopping 
Me too . Sometimes I surf online shops to check some related information , and then go to a physical store to do the actual shopping 
That's a good idea 
Is there a problem , officer 
Did you notice that stop sign you ran through 
I'm sorry , I didn't even notice it 
You didn't see it 
I honestly couldn't see it because of the bushes growing over it 
That's true . Those bushes are a problem 
I swear that I didn't mean to run it 
I can understand why you didn't stop for it 
Are you going to give me a ticket today , sir 
Under the circumstances , I think I'm just going to let you go with a warning 
Thanks a lot 
No problem . Next time , just pay closer attention 
Have you enjoyed your weekend 
Yes , it's been marvelous . It really was very kind of you to invite me . I hope it hasn't been too much trouble 
Not at all . We've really enjoyed having you . I hope you'll come and stay again next time you're in Changsha 
Can I help you 
I'd like two kilos of eggs 
What kind 
Do you have the eggs with the red yolk 
Sorry , madam . We have stopped selling those kinds of eggs for a week 
Why 
You know , red yolk is proved unnatural . It's artificial , and may lead to cancer 
Oh , My God ! That's terrible 
Yes , so they are no longer being sold 
Then give me the ordinary ones 
Do you like climbing 
Yes , I like it very much 
How about climbing up the Fragrant Mountain tomorrow 
Where is it 
It is located at the east foot of Western Mountain of Beijing , in a park with the same name . There are some huge stones within the mountain which look like the censer , so it is called ' Fragrant Mountain ' 
Have you visited it before 
Many times . Except climbing , there are many attractions worth visiting 
Like what 
It is the best season to view red leaves from the Mid-October to the first ten days of November . During the period , thousands of hectares of maples on the sloping field are so red that you would recognize them as fallen petals by mistake if looking from a further area . The bright red , pink , scarlet , and peach-puff leaves are distributed in different layout , with some green pines and cypresses dotted in between 
Sounds marvelous 
You can take a bird-eye view at the glorious picture when you arrive at the top of the mountain 
Great . I will prepare some clothes and food for the climbing 
Fill it up , PLS 
Premium or regular , Madam 
Premium , PLS . Could you check my tyres , too ? I think they need air 
No problem , Madam . Should I check the air in the spare tyre as well 
I don't think so . It's brand-new 
Should I clean the windshield for you 
Yes , PLS . I also need you to check the oil and the radiator 
All right , Madam . It's ok . There is hardly any water in the radiator . It's dangerous , Madam . You could break down , because of the heat you know 
Pls fill it up with water then 
Anything you say , Madam 
Do you take credit card 
No , we don't . I am sorry . It's 30 dollars and 10 cents in total 
30 dollars and 10 cents ? Here you go 
Thank you , Madam . Have a nice drive 
Hey , Mr Brown . How are you ? Look at that smile on your face 
Recently it's been pretty good , actually 
That's what we like to hear , a profitable business 
Well , yes . Thanks , there's no trouble at the moment 
So , what can I do for you today ? Are you needing to withdraw or transfer 
I'm going to need a Deposit Certification , to handle the affairs related to home 
Oh , domestic things ? Yes , of course , we can help you with that 
I don't make idle threats 
I guess not 
I hope you're not turning into a sissy on me , Dave 
Look , I want to succeed just as much as you do . Well , maybe not quite that much 
If we let Vince and Elvin continue to run things , invoking is going to fail 
What are you trying to say 
I'm saying this ship needs a new captain . Are you with me , or aren't you 
What's the time now 
Sorry , I don't know , there's something wrong with my watch 
You've simply forgotten to wind it up , have you ? When do you usually wind it up 
In the coming , before going to work 
You got up so late today . You have , I think . Turn on the TV and set your watch by it 
OK . I'll turn it on 
All right . It's just four o'clock 
Well , I'm setting my watch at four . Thank you 
You are welcome 
this is the route I thought we could take on our hike on Saturday afternoon 
how long is it altogether 
it ’ s about six or seven miles . That ’ s about the kilometers 
that sounds OK . So , we start here at the car park and walk along the path to the waterfall 
right . Then we turn left and walk up this small hill . The view from the top of the hill is worth the climb . We can eat a snack there 
then we will follow this path down the hill to the old church 
we can spend a few minutes looking around the church . Then , we turn right and walk along this path 
this path leads to the cave . Can we look inside the cave 
yes , we can , but it isn ’ t very interesting 
then we turn south and come back to the car park along this path 
that ’ s right 
how long do you think it will take us to complete the walk 
I think it will take about four hours , including breaks 
that ’ s fine . Are there signposts along the way , in case we get lost 
yes , there are . They tell use which way to go and how far we have to walk 
Li Lei , can you tell me what the origin of Easter is 
The Bible says that Jesus Christ was resurrected three days after he was crucified . People commemorate that at a festival called Easter 
Oh , then when do you celebrate Easter 
We celebrate it on the first Sunday after a full moon on or after the 21st of March 
How do you celebrate it 
We make a lot of Easter eggs and then paint some designs on them . We'll also go to church and pray 
That sounds interesting 
What ’ s the first thing you do when you go to the bathroom in the morning 
I look at myself in the mirror . Sometimes , it ’ s not a pleasant sight , especially if I have been out late the late before 
Do you usually shower or take a bath 
I usually don ’ t have time for a bath in the mornings , so I just take a shower . Sometimes I need a cold shower to wake me up and sometimes I need a hot one , especially if it ’ s winter and I need to warm up 
Do you shave every morning 
I shave every workday , but I only shave at weekends if I ’ m going out somewhere . If I ’ m staying at home , I don ’ t shave 
Do you brush your teeth twice a day as dentists recommend 
Yes . I brush my teeth in the morning , just before I go to work . It ’ s actually the last thing I do before leaving . Then I brush again before bed 
Your dentist must be proud of you 
How can I help you 
I seem to have lost my train ticket 
What ’ s your destination 
I ’ m supposed to be going to shanghai 
Ok . When is your train supposed to leave 
It ’ s supposed to leave in 30 minutes 
OH , dear . What ’ s your last name , please 
S M I T H 
And your passport number 
Z3264356 
Let me see ... it doesn ’ t look like we have any information about your ticket here 
Is there anything you can do for me ? If I don ’ t make it to shanghai in time , my wife is going go kill me 
Oh dear . I ’ m really sorry , sir . But you don ’ t have any proof of purchase . You ’ ll simply have to purchase another ticket 
How much is that going to cost me 
It depends on how you want to travel . If you want a soft sleeper , it will cost 610 RIB , if you want a hard seat , it will only cost 100RMB 
I can ’ t possibly travel on a hard seat for 10 hours 
looks like you might like the soft sleeper then 
Yes , fine . Let me see how much money I have in my wallet 
... sir 
Where ’ s my wallet ? Someone has stolen my wallet 
Perhaps it ’ s in your other pocket 
You ’ re right . It is . Let me have a look . I have 419.6 RIB . is that enough 
You ’ re just 4 mao short for the hard sleeper , but I ’ ll let it go . Anything for love 
Thanks , ma ’ am . You ’ re a lifesaver 
Can you direct me to Holiday inn 
Cross the street and walk two blocks west.You can't miss it 
Thanks 
Do you like travelling 
Yes , I do 
Do you usually travel by bus 
No , by train . I think it's much safer than bus 
Would you pour me some of that tea , please 
Okay . Say when 
Hi , Mr . Zhang . What ’ s wrong ? You don ’ t look so happy . How was your date 
I was turned down again . It ’ s frustrating . I guess you ’ Ve got to teach me some skills 
Me ? I ’ m even less experienced than you are 
At least you know what American women generally like in a man 
Believe it or not , I guess American women like a man in good shape , which Chinese women may not care about so much . That ’ s my honest opinion . I know you have been trying very hard 
American men are naturally taller than Chinese men . So even if I exercise , there aren ’ t many chances 
No , that ’ s not true . I ’ Ve met two American women who were married to Chinese . But those Chinese look very strong and healthy . So if you exercise more often , I bet it will surely be easier for you to date American girls . How old is Jacky Chan ? He ’ s small and short . But I bet he can have any American woman he wants 
You know , that ’ s going to be a tremendous change for me . Because I never exercise 
Why don ’ t you try then ? Even if it doesn ’ t help you find an American girl , you could still have a stronger and healthier body . You won ’ t lose anything by doing that 
I was meaning to ask you if you saw the basketball game on Friday 
I wanted to go , but I couldn't 
It was a great game 
It's too bad that I couldn't make it . Who won 
Our team played hard and won 
I really wish I went to the game 
It was the best game ever 
So tell me the final score 
The other team lost by three points , 101-98 
It must've been a close game 
It really was . You should've gone 
Hopefully , I'll make it to the next one 
I see you have bought the latest copy of beauty and fashion . Are there any interesting articles in it 
There ’ s an interesting interview with a top fashion designer about the latest fashions . I enjoyed reading her thought . The which ? section is very interesting this month . They tested facial cleaners . T
I like to take the tests that they print in this magazine 
Which tests do you mean 
You know . Tests like how jealous are you ? and are you a fashion victim 
Oh , I see . I like to do those tests , too , but I don ’ t take them seriously 
Of course not , but sometimes the results make you think about yourself and what you do . According to the jealousy test , I ’ m quite a jealous type of person . Perhaps I need to control my jealousy 
You ’ re right . It ’ s sometimes hard to tell which pages are advertisement and which ones are articles 
I wish to order 100 sets of hifi.Do you have this service 
Sony or some other brands 
Sony please.Do you have extra charge for delivery 
No , it's free 
We are going to the concert this evening . Will you join us 
I'm very sorry I can't 
Why not 
I've been snowed under with since my bosses away on business 
What can I do for you , sir 
Hmm , I want to change my traveler's cheque . Here is a traveler's cheque of 3,000 dollars . I would like to cash this cheque , please 
No problem . May I see your identification 
Sure . How about my passport 
That's fine ! How would you like this cash back 
I want 20 hundred bills and the rest in fifties , please 
Three thousand . Please check it , sir . Thank you and have a good day 
Thank you and bye-bye 
How's your work 
Good , thanks . How about you 
Not bad . But we have lost a few of staff lately 
Why 
Because of the low salaries 
But your company is huge . Can't they afford to pay the staff decent wages 
I don't know why 
Why don't you give them a suggestion 
May be I can have a try . But I'm on vacation now 
How do you like other films starring Charlie Chaplin 
Well , I like others very much , but I really don't think much of this one 
You don't like the performance , do you 
Yes , but I don't like the story 
Good morning , and welcome to our bank . What can I do for you today 
I need some advice about my fixed deposits 
What seems to be the problem 
No , no problem . It's just that one of them is due and I'm not sure how to deal with it 
I see . Well , you have two choices ; you can renew it or redeem it . Which would you prefer 
Mmmm ... well , I am happy with your service so far , so I'd like to renew it , please 
Not a problem . But may I just inform you that we have introduced a new service called Account Renewing upon Maturity 
Yes ..
You see , that means when anything is up for renewal , we do it automatically and you don't have to physically come here to sort it out . All you need to do is sign here and we'll set it all up for you 
That's just perfect for me . I live pretty far from the centre and it can be a chore getting in 
How about overtime work 
Overtime work is very common in companies . I can work overtime if it's necessary , but I don ’ t think we will work overtime everyday 
Do you like regular work 
No , I don ’ t like regular work . I am interested in different projects with new opportunities and new challenges , but I can do regular work if the company needs me to do so 
Excuse me . How much for one are these 
Un .. Those are 25 dollars each 
OK . Say I was to buy four , could I get a discount 
Well , I could offer you maybe 10 percent off 
Oh , I was hoping to get one free . Like four for 75 dollars 
This one I'd better chat with the manager . Could you give me a second 
Hey , Joshua ! Is Anny coming with us 
Yes , why 
Nothing . I'm just asking 
Just asking ? But why is your face burning like mad ? Aha , someone has a crush on Anny , doesn't he 
Who has a crush 
Come on , Josh , don't be such a chicken . If you like her , you've got to tell her . Maybe she likes you 
I'd totally die if she turned me down 
You've got to let her know . Come on ! You've got to take a chance 
Good morning , Room Service . May I help you 
I'd like to have lunch in my room 
OK , sir . We offer two types of lunch , Chinese food and western food . Which one would you prefer 
What does a Chinese food have 
Rice , egg , beef and vegetables 
That will be fine . I'll take it 
I see . May I have your name and room number , please 
Sure , it's White in Room 204 
Let me confirm your order , Mr . White in Room 204 , Chinese food . Is that right 
Exactly 
Your order will be ready soon , thank you for calling 
Excuse me . What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco 
It's about twelve hours 
Can you tell me what time we're arriving 
Sure . Let me see ... at 6:15 a . m . local time 
I see 
And that'll be 10:15 p . m . Beijing time 
Hey , Ann , I am really sorry about last night . I shouldn't have said those things to you 
I am sorry too . I know we've been talking about this beach trip for a while . I should have told Bob I was busy this weekend 
don't be silly . You guys should spend as much time together as you can . Besides we can go to the beach anytime 
thanks for understanding 
well that's what being friends is about , isn't it 
hey , what if the three of us go to the beach together ? Besides , you and Bob haven't seen each other for a while . I don't want my best friend and my boyfriend to be complete strangers 
Nah , I wouldn't worry about that . But I don't want to be the third wheel . You two should have some quiet time to yourselves 
I know Bob won't mind . You can bring a date , like that guy from the bar you keep talking about 
maybe ... I'll think about it 
Mr . Rogers 
Mr . : Yes 
I'm not feeling too well 
Mr . : Would you like to go to the nurse's 
Yes , I would 
Mr . : Here's a hall pass for it . Do you need someone to walk you there 
I can manage on my own . Thanks 
Mr . : I'll drop by later to check on you 
I decided to give it a go 
Good for you . What items did you bid on 
A DENY shirt and one of Serena Williams ' used tennis rackets 
Your idol ! Wow ! You're even better at finding stuff than me 
Yep . I placed a bid for the shirt . The minimum was ten so I bet fifty 
That's not how this game works 
Well , there was a sign that said “ Buy now for seventy . 
How many bids had been placed before you 
Hi , I'm here to look at the one-bedroom apartment you have for rent 
Okay , come right this way 
( They walk over to the apartment . ) As you can see , it's large and completely furnished 
What bills are included in the rent 
You have to pay the electricity bill yourself , but water is paid 
Well , I guess for $ 400 a month I shouldn't expect an all bills paid apartment 
Where can I find the produce 
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce 
What sales do they have today 
I'm sure something is on sale . Please check with the produce person 
I have a little problem with room 507 
What exactly seems to be the problem , Mr . Sandals 
I found cockroaches in my room 
Cockroaches , sir ? That's unbelievable 
I've seen at least nine different cockroaches in my room 
Sir , are you sure you haven't seen the same silverfish nine times 
There are nine cockroaches in my room . I don't have time for your disbelief 
I apologize . One moment , please , while I transfer you to my supervisor 
Do you like jazz , Tom 
No , I don't like it very much . Do you 
Well , yes , I do . I'm a real fan of Wanton Marsalis 
Oh , does he play the piano 
No , he doesn't ! ! ! He plays the trumpet . So , what kind of music do you like 
I like rock a lot 
Who's your favorite group 
The Cranberries . I love their music . How about you ? Do you like them 
No , I don't . I can't stand them ! 
A funny thing happened to me the other day 
Oh , yes 
I was just thinking about someone I went to school with , this boy I was quite friendly with in third grade . We used to hang out together - he lived next door - but then my parents moved and I changed schools and never saw him again 
Mmm 
Well , I was walking down Nan Jing Dong Lu ( Nan-Jing E . Rd . ) during my lunch break thinking about this boy-I have no idea why I was thinking about him 
Really 
Yes . And suddenly I heard someone call my name . I turned around and there was this man looking at me . I didn't recognize him at all , but he obviously knew who I was 
Oh , yeah , that's embarrassing when that happens 
You got it . Well , he walked up to me and said my name again and then I realized it was the boy I had been thinking about , the one from third grade 
We're going out to dinner and then to the movies 
Hold on ! I can't afford to pay for both 
Don't worry . I've got money . It's my treat 
Gee , that's really nice of you 
I think we should home school our children when we decide to have kids 
What ? Why 
Well , our public schools here are not very good and private school are just too expensive . I have been reading up on home schooling and it has a lot of advantages 
Like what ? I think that by doing something like that we would be isolating our children from social interaction 
Well , first of all , I would be able to teach them everything they learn in school in a more relaxed and fun way . I also think that having a one-on-one class is much better since you can focus more on his or her strengths or weaknesses 
I think neither your parents or mine would agree to such an idea 
I will bring it up over Sunday brunch 
Good luck with that 
Where are you from , Laura 
Well , my whole family is in the United States now , but we're from Costa Rica originally 
Oh , so you're from South America 
Actually , Costa Rica isn't in South America . It's in Central America 
Oh , right . My geography isn't very good 
It's awfully quiet around here 
Yeah . There's nobody in sight 
I have a feeling that we're not supposed to be in here 
I think you're right . Let's go 
What did you say 
Are you deaf or what 
How can I live without Helen 
Get a hold of yourself , Bruce . You'll get over her eventually 
It's snowing outside 
Oh , how could it be 
Let's go out and have a look 
OK . Wait a minute 
Look at the snow , it's so beautiful 
Yes . It's really snowing 
I love winter , I love snow 
But don't you think it's a little too cold 
But I like cold more than hot 
You are so interesting 
I'm really confused , Zina . Will you explain all this to me 
Look , we need to have the Stars.com account , right 
Yes . If we get it , we'll really be set for success 
And to get it , we have to beat WebTracker to the punch 
OK , I'm with you so far 
That's why I promised that invoking would be up and running by the end of next week 
Can I take your order , sir 
I ’ ll have the kung PAO chicken , please 
Certainly sir , would you like some rice or noodles with that 
Just some fried rice please 
Ok , would you like some soup as well 
No , thanks 
Thank you very much . Your food will be ready soon 
Good morning , sir . Can I help you 
Good morning . I'm interested in antiques . Do you have any 
Yes , we have a great variety of Chinese antiques 
What do you have 
Well , we have some painting and some porcelain . Which do you like better 
I'd like porcelain 
Good . How about the table set 
Oh , it looks well . I like it very much 
It's made in Jingdezhen 
How much is it 
One thousand eight hundred yuan 
It's not expensive . I'll take it 
We hope that partial shipment is allowed 
Could you explain in detail 
Shipping the goods is to be made in three equal monthly installments 
How about 60 % for the first load , then 20 % each 
What're you going to wear today 
I like the new shirt 
You'd better tuck in your shirt 
Oh , I prefer it loose
Look , it's all water over the dam now . Let's leave it behind us 
Yeah , I know , but it's too hard to do 
Our eyes should look into the future . We could not live in the past 
Only sometimes when I think about it , I feel very sad 
It's normal . Time will change everything 
Don't tell me that's your lunch 
No , this is just my appetizer ... this is my lunch 
A candy bar for an appetizer and a piece of pie for lunch ! That's all junk 
This is good food , it has milk , fruit , grains , nuts ..
Sugar , sugar , preservatives , fats , more sugar , more fat , more preservatives 
At least I enjoy my lunch ! What's in your bag 
My wife sent me with rice , vegetables , and some curry chicken 
There's the difference , your wife made it ! I have to make my own lunch 
Hi , Cole . What can I do for you 
if you have a few minutes , I'd like to talk to you about my future at this company 
sure , have a seat 
thanks 
let me just grab your file . How long have you worked for us now 
I've worked here as a sales representative for about a year now 
one year already ? It's amazing how time flies like that . Are you enjoying your job 
yes , but I'd like to have a chance at job advancement 
I see . What job did you have in mind 
well , I've noticed that is a position available as a sales manager 
do you understand what duties that job would entail 
yes . I would be directly responsible for all of the sales representatives in my department . I assume there'd be more meetings , paperwork , and other responsibilities , too 
that's right . Do you have any experience in management 
yes . In fact if you look at my resume , you can see that I was a manager before I started this job 
well , I think you'd be the perfect candidate for the position . According to company policy , you'll still have to go through the formal application procedures though , so fill this application form in
ok . Thanks for your support 
How dare you accuse me of stealing your computer 
I'm sorry , but you were the only one who had access to it 
Do you like cooking 
Yes , I do it a lot.but I don't like doing dishes.what about you , do you like cooking and then cleaning up afterwards 
To be honest , I don't really like doing either one , I can't cook and I hate cleaning 
Suppose you have to do one of the two , which do you prefer 
I would rather do the dishes than cook 
I prefer the absent.the way I see it , to do the dishes is boring 
let's make a deal 
What 
I'm going to buy some vegetable and you cook 
Will you do the dishes after the meal 
Fair enough 
There are so many people that the tickets are all sold out 
Luckily we got the last two 
Look , Danny . The Four Great Inventions 
Gunpowder , compass , the paper making , and the printing 
I really admire those who made such great inventions 
May , I don't see why they are great . They are just simple things 
They look simple today . But they were milestones in their times 
Milestones ? May , you must be kidding 
Just think Bill Gates , those inventions are as important as the windows system 
Well , I suppose the ancient inventors made a lot of money out of them 
No , quite the contrary 
Why ? Didn't you say that they were milestones 
Yes , but they went to the public without any patent protection 
Well , their inventors were not as clever as Bill Gates 
Good afternoon.Swiss Airline.Miss Grown speaking . Can I help you 
Yes . I'd like to make a reservation to Los Angeles on Sep . 19th 
Just a moment , please . Let me check for you . ( A moment later ) Thank you for waiting . I am sorry but our flights are fully booked on that day.The next available flight leaves at 4:00 pm on 20th . Shall I reserve you a seat on it 
Yes , please , thank you 
John , I ’ d like you to meet Charles Brown , our new manager at the airport 
Yes , certainly . How can I recognize him 
He is short , well-built , and he ’ s got light blond hair 
Is there anything else 
He has a mustache , if I remember correctly , and a light complexion 
How old is he 
He is in his late thirties 
Well . I shouldn ’ t have any trouble recognizing him . What time does his flight arrive 
At 2 thirty 
Well , it's illegal to bring food and drinks into the theater 
Too bad . I did anyway 
No wonder you brought such a big bag today 
I brought Strawberry Sticks . See 
Those are the ones that are pre-dipped in sweet coating 
Yep . And there's real strawberry chunks in the coating 
Yes , sir 
Could we have the bill , please 
That's 68 pounds altogether , please 
That's alright . Here you are 
Do you have a free moment 
Sure . What do you need 
I ’ m having some trouble . How do you use this printer 
Well , first you have to turn this switch on 
Silly me 
Now press this button 
Oh , and it ’ s out of paper . Do you have any more 
Just a second . I ’ ll go get some 
Good morning , welcome aboard 
Good morning . Can I use my cellular phone during this time 
Yes , you can use your cell phone during the boarding process until the aircraft door is closed 
Thank you . What should I do if I want to phone my family during the flight 
The aircraft is equipped with onboard phones . They do not interfere with the communication and navigation of the aircraft 
So I can use the onboard phone during the flight 
Of course . They will be used at anytime before or during flight 
Hello . What can I do for you today 
I've got some documents here that go with the L / C our company opened 10 days ago . I think there is something wrong 
Really ? Have you checked everything carefully 
Very carefully , that's when I found the problem 
Ah , I see . The goods description is totally different from what you are expecting , right 
Yep , you've got it ! What should we do 
Usually , if the problem is insignificant I advise the customer to go ahead ; it's normally a translation problem or something like that . But this does seem a little more serious . I suggest you get back on to them right now and ask them about it . Hopefully you can sort it out over the phone 
That's a great idea ; thanks for your help 
Excuse me . Miss , what does the doctor say about me ? When can I be discharged 
The doctor has examined your current situation . Since you are recovering so well , you will be discharged tomorrow 
Great , thanks . But how can I get discharged 
First please get the bill at the doctor's office , then pay it either with cash or by check . Even though you're discharged , you still need to take a rest at home . Don't hurry back to work until you have fully recovered 
Yes , I will . Thanks for your care 
What's this then 
It's my geography , sir . The Map of Africa you set us 
But this should have been handed in last Thursday 
Yes , I know , sir . I'm sorry 
Well , what's your excuse then 
My mother's been ill and I had to stay at home 
Oh , Yes 
It's true , sir 
Hello , this is the admissions office . Can I help you 
Hi . I ’ m calling about your continuing education program 
What would you like to know 
I want to become certified in computer programming . Do you offer any part-time courses for adult further education 
Yes , we offer both night and weekend courses in a number of different subjects 
How do I sign up 
If you give me your address , I can mail you an information packet and the application forms 
Great 
How do you like my new sports car 
It's cool 
Where do you wish me to take you , sir 
Please take us to Harvard University . By the way , is it far from here 
It takes about half an hour to get there 
( Get here ) Here we are , sir 
How much do I owe you 
It ’ s 35 dollars on the meter 
Here ’ s 50 dollars . Keep the change 
Thank you . Have a nice day 
The Smiths are arriving at our city tomorrow . Can you draw up a schedule for them ? If they want to make any changes , minor changes can then be made 
Is there anything special they would like to do 
They would like to visit our factory and have a look at the new type computer products . Besides , they will introduce their technique in computer manufacturing 
That can easily be arranged . I will arrange a comfortable meeting room for them . Anything else 
They would also like to have a meeting with our designers . And this time , their visit to our company will lay the basement for our cooperation , so you need to pay more attention 
I will set it up 
They will stay for two days . Try to work out an efficient schedule 
Welcome . How can I help you 
Hello , I would like a room please 
All right . We have quite a selection for you to choose from . There are double rooms with twin beds , suites , if you'd like , we have presidential suite on the top floor 
A double room sounds great 
All right sir . How many nights will you be staying 
A few nights , I'm not quite sure of my schedule yet 
OK . I'll just need to see a credit card and passport 
Here you are 
What is the rate for a double room for one night 
Since it is low season , we are running a special rate right now of 150 yuan per night 
What about the features in the room 
Our rooms include television set , air-conditioning and a bathroom 
Does the TV have cable 
Yes , sir 
I don't stand a chance of passing the exam 
Come on , Brenda ! Never say die 
I see you just graduated from college . What was your GPA 
It wasn't as high as I would have liked . It was 2.5 
Why do you think it wasn ’ t higher than that 
I participated in several extracurricular activities . And I worked 2 jobs to put myself through school 
Wo , wo , that certainly is a lot for a young man to take on 
Is there anything I can do for you 
Would you please show me that mural 
Certainly . Here you are 
It looks so beautiful . How much is it 
Four hundred yuan 
That's a bit more than I wanted to pay . Can you cut the price down a bit 
I'm sorry . Ours is a fixed price shop and I can assure you this is the best price you can get for a mural like this 
Maybe you are right . OK , I'll take it 
Well , I'll have it wrapped for you 
Thank you . Here is four hundred yuan 
Thank you . Please come again 
How are you feeling , Flora 
Much better , thanks . I have been resting all day . Only with television as my companion.In fact , in the whole week the only thing I feel like doing was watching TV 
What did you watch today 
I started with game show this morning , I really enjoy them , and even answered the most of questions correctly 
And next 
At 2 o'clock , I switched to the Channel 6 , and watched a terrific movie without commercials 
I know what you mean , there wasn't old action movie next . I think you won't like it 
I want to watch it , but I was already tired by the time it came on . I had a rest instead , then I watched the news at Channel 11 
Anything important happened 
A bank was robbed this afternoon . A reporter on the scene covered the event , the live coverage reproduce the robbery to the live 
Excuse me.sir . Can I have look at the timetable please 
Surely of course.Here you are 
Is flight ZW203 a direct one 
No , it stopped at Honolulu.Would you like to book one 
No . Is there any direct flight to New York 
Let me see . I am sorry . ZW203 is the only one to New York 
It ’ s time for me to go now 
Would you like me to go with you 
I ’ d rather you stayed in the office and did these things 
Do you want to type that letter 
I ’ d rather you typed it 
Do you want to tell her 
I ’ d rather you told her 
Wow ! It ’ s packed 
The train station is indeed crowded . I think it ’ s hard for us to get on the train 
Good morning . May I help you 
I'd like to rent a car , please 
Okay . Full-size , mid-size or compact , ma'am 
Full-size , please . What's the rate 
78 dollars a day with unlimited mileage 
And I'd like to have insurance just in case 
Is there an additional driver 
No 
If you want full coverage insurance , it will be 8 dollars per day . It includes collision damage waiver and personal accident insurance 
All right . I'll take it 
Here is our brochure , ma'am . Err ... full-size ... OK . Please choose a model in this section 
How about this one 
All right . How many days would you like to use it 
Just one day 
May I see your driver's license and credit card please 
Is the international driving licence fine 
Yes , it is . ( ... ) Thank you . Please fill in this form . Can you check this box , and put your initials here , and again here 
Nice day , isn't it 
It sure is 
It's a good day for a picnic 
I've been chosen to plan the next family reunion 
Fun for you ! Do you get to do anything you want 
Yep . And I should start planning now 
Does everyone usually show up for your family reunions 
Just about . There are at least a few hundred in our immediate family alone 
How Ay days will the reunion be 
Usually it's at least five days and four nights 
This is going to be a major production for you 
Can I give you a lift home , Mrs Word 
That is very kind of you , Mr Lee . Thank you 
Could you hold my umbrella when I get my keys out , please 
Of course . It ’ s a terrible night , isn ’ t it 
Dreadful . There , the door is open now 
Thank you 
Hello , is there anything I can do for you 
Yes . I would like to check in 
Have you made a reservation 
Yes . I am Belen 
So your room number is 201 . Are you a member of our hotel 
No , what's the difference 
Well , we offer a 10 % charge for our members 
Excuse me . How much is the chocolate bar 
One dollar 
So , I can have five for five dollars 
Actually , you can only have four 
Oh , yeah . I forgot tax . Give me four then , please 
Okay . Thanks 
Hi , I'm Benjamin . Nice to meet you here . You look great 
Thank you . Nice to meet you too . I'm John . Is this your first time to take a long-distance trip on plane 
No , this is the second time . But I also feel bad because of the lower pressure and the jet lag 
Oh , I am sorry to hear that . Take it easy . It will be OK soon . You see , I take this long-hour plane frequently , but the jet lag still makes me uneasy 
Oh , that's too bad . Do you get a good knowledge of China 
Yes , whenever I think about China , I'd see the Tian'an Men Square . China is a very beautiful country . And I've seen many landmarks in China but I like the Great Wall most 
All of the Chinese are proud of the Great Wall . And it was built before the In dynasty near Shan Haiguan-the First Pass in the World 
Was it built before the In dynasty ? I thought it was in the Ming dynasty 
No , before the In dynasty 
Oh , yeah . Thought I am an American , I know quite a lot about China and I like Chinese tea very well 
Both the green tea and the black tea are good for our health . And I usually refresh myself with a cup of tea 
Yeah , many of my friends like Chinese tea and whenever I go back to China , I'll take some Dragon-well green tea for them 
Do you like the Chinese traditional silk 
I heard about it , but I don't have any clothes made from silk 
Go and pick some stuff up . The price can always surprise foreign friends 
Oh , I'm eager to have a try 
Good morning . I ’ m from the new york book review . Could I ask you some question about your latest book 
Sure . Take a seat ... what would you like to know 
First , I ’ Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story 
That ’ s correct . It ’ s a murder mystery based on actual murders that book place in florida several years ago . The main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case 
How do you research your books 
I always visit the places that I use as setting for stories . Readers like things to be as factually correct as possible-even in fiction ! I usually base my characters on people I have met . Most charact
I really like your books . I ’ Ve just finished this one . I read it from cover to cover in a single day . Congratulation on making the bestseller list yet again 
Thank you . Let met sign it for you ... there you go 
Oh ! Thank you very much . I heard that you are currently writing a collection of short stories . What are the stories about 
There ’ s a real mix of stories in the book . I haven ’ t finished all of them yet , though . Many of them are short detective stories , but there are also horror stories and sci-fi ones . If you give me your
Thanks very much . I ’ m sure it will sell well . I can ’ t wait to read it . Here ’ s my card . Thank you for you time 
I'm just calling to see if you have made any decision about the position 
Sorry , we haven't made the decision at all 
Do you have any idea when you might arrive at a decision 
We will let you know probably next Monday . I hope to give you a positive reply 
I'm willing to wait until you have come to a decision 
Mike , these flowers are just gorgeous 
I ’ m glad you like them . Happy birthday 
I can ’ t thank you enough . I ’ m really touched . I don ’ t know what to say 
Forget it . It ’ s my pleasure . You mean a lot to me 
You ’ re the best 
What kind of life do you prefer , city life or country life 
In comparison to city life , the country life is quiet and peaceful 
But it doesn't have all the modern convenience offered by the city 
Yeah , I agree.Every wall has two sides 
I was anxious to find out what the sellers had to say about my counter-offer 
I was able to contact them so , if you ’ ll step into my office , we ’ ll talk 
Did they go with the proposed counter-offer 
They want you to pick up the cost of the home inspection , but they accepted your offer 
Is a home inspection very expensive 
It can cost between five hundred and one thousand dollars 
Do I get to choose who inspects the home 
Yes , you get to choose . I would spend a little more to get a really thorough inspection 
Can you call the owners with my acceptance right away 
I am going to contact the sellers immediately . They were looking forward to your acceptance 
Hello , Mr Trent . What can I do for you this afternoon 
Actually , Miao Ping , I'm here to close my account with you . I'm going home , the company is transferring me back to London 
Oh , I see . When are you leaving 
Next week , so I thought it was better to get this all sorted out as soon as possible 
Yes , of course . Well , let's get started . Would you show me your passport , please 
Here you are , Miao Ping . Don't laugh at the horrible photo today , OK 
Excuse me , Don ? I hate to bother you , but I need your help on something . Do you have time to brief me on the Martin account today 
Oh , that's right . You are supposed to deliver a brief on that account tomorrow . I know there are some things I need to share with you about that . But , gosh , I don't know ... Things are really busy for me today , the only time I can manage to squeeze out might be over lunch break ..
I hate to make you work through your lunch break with how busy you are ..
It's okay ... I've already had several days in a row working through lunch ..
How about this ... We can make it a working lunch this afternoon , and I'll order some Chinese food for delivery . It'll be my treat 
You don't have to do that ..
I insist . I really appreciate you taking time to work with me in . What is your favorite fast food ? I'll cater to your taste 
Actually I do like Chinese ... Let's make it a date for Chop Suey and the Martin account at about twelve thirty . Does that sound good 
Great . I'll bring the food 
Hi , Brad . How are you today 
Just fine , Mr . Emory . Could you please sign this memo ? I want to get it out to everybody this afternoon 
No problem . Is this the only one 
Yes . That ’ s for today . Thank you 
It's time for bed 
But I'm not sleepy , Mum . Can I stay and watch more TV 
It's already half past eleven . You have school tomorrow . You'll sleepy all tomorrow , if you don't sleep well tonight 
I know . But I promise I won't be sleepy tomorrow . I work really hard 
Don't you have the exams coming up soon ? I'm sure you could spend more time preparing for those 
Oh , I nearly forgot the exams 
You do well in maths , but your history is not good enough . Am I right 
Yeah , I guess so . Maybe I can go to sleep now and get up early to review the lessons tomorrow 
An excellent idea . Work now and play later 
I know you're right . School is more important than TV . Can I watch one more show , then go to bed 
No , now it's bedtime 
Hi , there . Look at these . I have collected some ads here . There is a special promotion for Mother's Day this weekend 
Oh , yes . Mother's Day is coming . Do you plan to buy anything 
Of course . I want to buy some night cream for my mom , and some masques for myself 
Hmm . In Carrefour , Clinique will be promoting their visible skin renewed cream 
How much is it 
180 yuan , and you can get a free 8 piece gift package 
What's included in the gift package 
Some black mascara , moisturizing orion , eye cream crystal lipstick , a two color eye shadow pack , styling hairspray , and a cosmetics bag 
Sounds not bad 
Advance Reservations . Can I help you 
Yes , I ’ d like to book a single room with a bath from the afternoon of October 4th to the morning of October 10th 
Could you tell me your name , sir , please 
Yes , it is Smith 
I believe you ordered the Grand Slam breakfast 
Oh , good ! You know , I am looking at my plate and I ordered scrambled eggs , not fried 
Oh , I just noticed that I accidentally brought you your friend's breakfast 
I can just trade with him , thank you 
And pancakes for you , sir 
I am sorry , but I think I ordered waffles 
I am sorry that I misheard you 
Just please take my pancakes to trade for waffles . While I am waiting , I will eat my bacon and eggs 
I will get straight back to you with your waffles 
I would appreciate that 
Remember that writing contest I entered ? Well , I won first prize 
Great ! This calls for a celebration 
You're going to get into a lot of trouble if you do that 
What makes you say that 
I don't see anything wrong with what we're doing ! That's just the problem . In these kind of things , the trouble doesn't always appear at first 
But everything has been so easy 
Everything has gone as smooth as clockwork . Just like we planned ! That may be true , but if you were to do it , you would have trouble on the horizon . You always say that 
Yeah , you never look at the positive side of things 
Okay . Have it your way , but don't say I didn't warn you 
Good afternoon . Can I help you 
Yes , I would like to check in 
Do you have a reservation 
Yes , my name is Steven Smith . I have a reservation from October 2nd to October 6th . I called last week 
Wait a moment , please . Oh , yes , Steven Smith . It's for a single room with a bath . Is that right 
Yes , that's right 
Now , Mr . Smith , could you fill out this registration form , please 
OK . By the way , where is the restaurant 
The restaurant is on the second floor . Here is the key to your room . It's on the 6th floor , room 609 . The elevator is over there . And we also have a cafeteria on the top floor , if you would like something to drink , you can also call room service 
Thank you 
Hi ! Is that the new laptop you brought last week ? It looks very nice 
Yes , it is . Thanks . I ’ m just surfing on the internet 
Here ? In this cafe ? How can you do that 
This cafe offers a wireless internet connection . That means I can get on the net for free while I ’ m here . Of course , I have to buy a cup of coffee 
That ’ s great . Can you do it anywhere 
No . you can only do it when the cafe offers a wireless connection . There are only about 10 or 12 places that offer it in this city 
So , what programs do you have on your laptop 
I ’ Ve got all the usual ones for word processing and then I have a few for creating and editing photographs 
I know you are keen on photography . It ’ s very useful for you to be able to download photos from your digital camera . Then you attach the picture files to emails and send them to anyone , anywhere , at anytime 
It ’ s wonderful , isn ’ t it ? Would you like to see some photos that I look recently 
Passport and Embarkation card please 
Here you are , sir 
Where are you from 
I am from China 
Did you have anything to declare 
No , nothing 
Would you open this suitcase , please 
Sure 
Let me take a look at this bag . Can you open it 
Yup 
Is this camera a gift for someone 
No , it's my camera for personal use 
You have to pay tax for this camera 
No , please don't . It's is for my personal use 
You have a lot of gifts , so you have to pay for the camera 
Almost all are for my friends in the States 
The train is leaving . Hurry up ! Which car are we in 
Let me see . Oh , No . 11 
Here we are , Car 11 . Let's get in 
Seats No . 20 and 21 . It ’ s nice that we ’ Ve got a window seat 
Let's put our suitcases on the rack 
Oh , the baggage rack is full . Put them under the seat for the time being 
All right 
What would you like on your pizzas 
We want one vegetarian supreme and one double pepperoni 
Would you like anything to drink with that ? For $ 1.50 , you can get a two-liter bottle of Coke 
No , thanks 
All right . That'll be $ 12.50 . Your pizzas will be there in 30 minutes 
Thanks 
Do you think we should travel by bus or by train 
It ’ s a difficult choice . The train is a litter faster , but much more expensive 
We could face delays if we travel by bus , thanks to traffic jams 
Buses are more cramped and you can ’ t walk around 
That ’ s true , but I feel that I see more when I travel by bus 
Really ? I think you see more traveling by train 
So , which form of transport do you prefer to use 
I prefer going by train , ever though it costs more 
Ok them . We ’ ll go by train . I ’ m sure we ’ ll have a good journey . Shall we go to the station and buy the tickets 
The train aren ’ t usually full . We can get them on the day we travel . We should buy return ticket because they are much cheaper than getting two singles 
We should take a packed lunch on the journey . The food they sell on the trains is always expensive 
Are you going to the annual party ? I can give you a ride if you need one 
Thanks a lot . That's the favor I was going to ask you for 
The pleasure is mine 
Only one . But I wanted to make sure I'd get it 
Yeah , I really wanted that Chanel bag , too . But just in case you should bid low 
But there are only two more days until the bidding closes 
I bid on a Chanel watch at the last minute , and got it sixty percent off 
Oh ... I'm such a newbie . But at least I'm sure I'll get that tennis racket 
Don't count on it , Babe . eBay is always full of surprises 
Well ... guess how low the bidding starts on the tennis racket 
Hey Kevin , what are you doing here ? Don't you usually spend Tuesday nights at home studying 
I needed to get out of the house . My parents just went ballistic over something my older sister told them 
What did she tell them ? Is she dropping out of college 
Nothing that serious . She finally told them that she moved out of the dormitory a few months ago and has been living with her boyfriend 
And your parents took it badly 
That's putting it mildly . My father started shouting at my sister and my mother just glared at her 
Ouch , that sounds bad . What did your sister do 
She started arguing back to my dad that how much she loves her boyfriend , how they're in love and it's not hurting anybody , and so on . My dad said she's too young to do this , and that she should move out right away 
How long has your sister been with her boyfriend 
Three years . They've been dating since freshman year . They're even talking about marriage 
Really ? Then I guess living together would be a good idea 
What do you mean 
Well , these days too many people are getting divorced . If they live together , then at least they're finding out if they're really compatible or not 
I guess so . Better to find out now than after you're married , when it's harder to get out 
I plan to buy a car this year 
How do you pay for it 
I'm going to work in holidays and pay by installments 
Tell me if you need help 
Hello , Who's that speaking 
I am calling about the advertisement for a flat with a bedroom . Do you still have it 
Yes , I do 
Is there any furniture in it 
Yes , It's fully furnished 
What's the rent for a year 
15,000 yuan , including water , but not electricity and gas 
Where is it located 
It's in the International Trade Zone . It's only ten minutes'walk from the nearest subway station 
That's great . But can't you make the rent cheaper , Let's see , 12,000 yuan 
The price can be talked over . How about coming around and taking a look at it first 
OK . I will be free tomorrow afternoon . I'll take a taxi to get there . See you 
All right , see you 
I don't dare ask Jane for a date 
You've got no guts 
How do you feel 
I like the style but it is a little tight in the waist 
Here is the bigger size 
This one fits me well but it is too expensive , can you make it a little cheaper 
What's wrong with you , young man 
Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache 
Do you have a fever 
I don't know , but I feel terrible 
Let me examine you.Don ' t worry.It ' s nothing serious 
Do you think I should lie in bed 
Yes , stay in bed and drink a lot of water.Your fever will be gone in a day or two 
OK.Do you think I can play football tomorrow 
Of course not.You need a good rest 
OK , I'll listen to you 
That's right . And I'm going to be Vice President of Marketing 
Way to go , Mary . A lot has happened during the last few months , hasn't it 
You can say that again 
What's up with Vince and Elvin 
They work for Zina now 
And they're happy with that 
They're in awe of her . After they saw how she crushed WebTracker ... but I guess you know all about that 
Is there anything I can do for you 
I'm looking for a black , leather bag 
How's this 
I'm just looking 
If you need any help , let me know 
Lester , you are really fantastic at automobile repair 
Thanks , June . But I think I need to be certified as a mechanic before I ’ m allowed to repair cars for a living 
That ’ s not a big problem . There are many small schools for adults like you who can study to be certified 
I guess I never thought of that before 
And you can easily get a student loan from a vocational school , or from the government 
Wow , you ’ Ve inspired me to do something 
What can I do for you , Madam 
Can you help me with Comprehensive Credit Granting 
Certainly , Madam . What would you like to know 
Well , everything really 
All right . We can grant a Financing Promise Quota , if you qualify . This means that we can deal with all of your needs in a speedy and efficient way . Firstly , your Credit Rating must be class A , and your Debt to Asset Ratio must be top notch , for the industry you are involved in 
Willy , I don't think we have much butter.Can you buy some 
Sure , Mum.In a minute 
Here's the money.And get some salt 
Yes , Mum 
Do you have cruise tours 
Yes , sir . We have the all-inclusive luxury cruise . Maybe you would like to look at the itinerary 
Sure . That's really amazing . However I don't have so much time . Do you have a full day cruise 
Yes . What about this one 
Excuse me , could you tell me where Peking University is on this map 
Let me see . Here it is 
Could you tell me how to get there 
I ’ m afraid I can ’ t because I ’ m a stranger here 
Oh , thanks all the same 
Not at all . You can ask the policeman over there 
Good evening , sir . Welcome to our restaurant 
Thank you 
Do you have a reservation 
Yes , I do 
May I have your name , please 
Yes , it's Mr . Brown 
Mr . Brown . We were expecting you . This way , please . Will this table be fine 
Oh , this is just fine 
Please take a seat 
Thank you 
Here is the menu 
This is awful ! It's like drinking saltwater ! It's like drowning in the ocean 
Don't be so dramatic . You're such a baby . Now sit down and finish your soup 
OK , OK 
And when we get back from the doctor's , you'll gargle again 
Maybe I'll run away first 
Well , the only free food on the streets is from a soup kitchen , and their soup isn't as tasty as mine 
Do you have a reservation 
Yes , here's our confirmation slip 
I'm afraid we have no reservation by this name 
No reservation ? Well , then , do you have any rooms available 
I'm afraid all the rooms are fully booked 
You mean we can't stay in this hotel tonight 
You're right.We have no more rooms available for tonight 
Then , would you recommend any other nearby hotel 
OK , I'll call ahead 
what do you hope to do when you finish university 
I ’ d like to go into management . I ’ Ve applied for several jobs already and I ’ m hopeful that I ’ ll get some job offers . How about you 
after I graduate , I have to do some more studies to pass exams to become a lawyer . I think I ’ Ve got a good chance of passing . There ’ s a possibility of getting a job with a law firm in London , provide
we both have to overcome several obstacles if we are to achieve our ambitions 
if life were easy , then we ’ d achieve our ambition quickly and then get bored 
unfortunately , it ’ s inevitable that some people are going to work hard yet not succeed 
that ’ s why ambition need to be realistic . You can ’ t achieve something that ’ s totally unrealistic 
as long as you plan carefully , most thing are possible . It ’ s always good to have a backup plan in case things go wrong 
I think it ’ s important to be successful in a field you are truly interested in , not something that other people force you to be interested it 
my father wanted me to become a doctor , but I knew it would be impossible for me to be successful in that field 
I hope my parents don ’ t try to interfere in my choice of career 
I'm so angry at Bob for buying a new bike 
What's the big deal 
I'd like to go to Suzhou next week . Do you know how to get there by train 
First , you should check the schedule and see which trains go to Suzhou . Make sure which train you want to take and book a ticket 
I see . Do you know how much the ticket is 
It depends on which train do you take 
Is it far from here to Suzhou 
Yes , it stops more than ten times on the way to Suzhou 
How long will it take to get there 
About fifteen hours 
Hello . Can I ask what steps I have to go through in applying for the job 
It is not very complicated . You can send your resume to the e-mail address of our company 
What is the next step 
Our personnel clerk will screen all the resumes that we receive , select the eligible ones and arrange the interview for them 
We'd better cover the porcelain ware against All Risks 
All right . Our insurance coverage is 110 % of the invoice value , up to the port of destination only 
I'd like to have the insurance of the goods covered up to 130 % of the invoice amount 
Ok , this premium for the difference between 130 % and 110 % of the invoice value should be borne by the buyer 
That's understood 
Excuse me . Are these chips on sale 
Yes . You will save 90 cents on each bag 
Is there any limit 
No , no limit . You can take as many as you want 
That ’ s good . Thanks 
You ’ re welcome 
I'm afraid I've got to go . I have another appointment at five 
Do you ? By the way , could you mail this letter for me as you go through the lobby 
No problem 
Thank you . Come back to my office at the same time tomorrow . I'll have the pictures ready by then 
I will 
Could you tell me what university you want to go to , John 
Pardon 
What university would you enter 
University ? Why ? You asked me last year 
Oh , I forget.Sorry 
I went to Harvard University 
Did you ? And what course did you take there 
God save me ! Is there anything wrong with you ? Didn't I tell you 
I've not known.Perhaps , I've got a bad memory 
I did a B . A . in economics.Remember 
Terrific ! B . A . , again and again-B . A 
Julia , I would like to have a word with you . Have a seat 
Thank you 
According to your performance , I decided to give you a salary increase . From next month , there will be a 2,000 yuan raise to your salary . Although your first raise might not sound considerable , the company believes that with your ability , sooner or later you'll get a better raise 
Thank you very much . Mr . George . As a newcomer , I understand that you have your consideration and I am satisfied with the raise 
I think you deserved this 
Thank you again . I'll keep doing my best 
Welcome to China , Mr . Martin 
Thank you so much . I have been expecting to come to China 
I am very glad that you say so . We have prepared a typical Chinese dinner this evening 
Oh , you needn't do that 
My pleasure 
Where is the boss ? I need him to sign a few documents . I checked in his office , but he is not there . Is he out of the office now 
Yes . Today is Tuesday , so the boss went off to his MBA seminar class . He is out of the office every Tuesday and Thursday mornings , and he has classes all day Saturday and Sunday 
What's he studying 
He is finishing up a special continue education program for executives . He can continue working , taking a few of classes here and there , and in 2 years he will complete his MBA 
Sounds like a tiring schedule.He ’ s probably got a lot of homework too , eh 
The classes have him out of the office , so that is stressful for him . But as far as homework goes , it is a breeze for him 
Why is that 
He just has his secretary do his homework for him 
I was wondering if someone in your office could help me with a question I have about my payment 
I would be happy to answer any questions you might have 
My paycheck seems to be smaller than the one I received last week 
What about income ? Did you make any money during that period 
My old employer gave us a couple days of work during that period 
When you filled out your Continued Claim Form , did you show that income 
Of course I wrote down the work that I had done on the Continued Claim Form 
What happens is , when you make money , we take part of your benefits away 
I am not going to show any income from now on then 
I wouldn ’ t do that if I were you . There is a severe penalty if you get caught making false statements 
Hello , how can I help 
Hello there . I need to buy some foreign currency for a business trip . How much can I exchange 
That does depend on where you plan to travel . If you are planning to travel to Hong Kong or Macao we can exchange up to 1,000 USD for you . If your destination is elsewhere , we can exchange up to 2,000 USD 
OK , well , I'm going to Europe . I guess 1,000 USD will be sufficient for now 
OK , I'll process that for you now 
What are you going to do next year 
I want to go traveling 
Do you have any where in mind 
Yes , I've been thinking about Florida 
Hello Mr . Jones , please have a seat . Thank you for coming in today . I have read your resume . You completed University in England 
Yes , I went to Cambridge . After graduation , I started right away into the advertising industry . Later , I made a bit of a switch to focus on marketing research 
So , what experience do you have 
I have ten years marketing experience . This includes both entry level and management positions . In my last position , I worked my way up to being director of the marking department 
I can see that from your resume.Your last position was marketing director for a pharmaceutical company , is that right ? Later , why did you decide to leave your former post 
I felt after five years in one place , I was ready for something new . I would like to have a job that is challenging , something that I can see and do new things every day . I loved many things about my former job , and I left with amiable feelings on both sides . I was just ready for something new 
I see . Do you want to work full-time or part-time 
I would rather work full-time 
I'll make note of that . Now , what are your salary expectations 
I am willing to negotiate , but I expect at least $ 40,000 a year 
Hello Gina ! We've spoken so many times on the phone but's it's so good to finally meet you in person 
Hello sir . Good to meet you , too 
Oh , please don't call me sir . Just call me Jason 
Ok , Jason . So how was the flight 
Pretty good . There was a bit of turbulence while we were over the Pacific Ocean but it wasn't too bad . The worst thing was the guy behind me . He snored all through the night 
Really ? But you were in first class ! Nobody woke that guy up 
The stewardess said it's not company policy to wake people up for any reason 
That's terrible ! So you didn't get any sleep 
Not much ... but that's ok ... I'm a night owl anyway 
So , aside from visiting our factory and offices , are there any other things you want to accomplish while you're in China 
I'd love to squeeze in a trip to the Great Wall 
That's not a problem . We can have a company car take you there . It's only about a two hour drive 
How many people are there in your family 
Five.My father , mother , brother , sister-in-law and me 
Is your brother older or younger than you 
He is five years older than me , He got married last Sunday.My brother and my sister-in-law are the same age 
I ’ m so sorry to call you on such short notice , but something ’ s come up 
You mean for this afternoon ’ s meeting 
That ’ s right I ’ m afraid I have to postpone it . Mr . Scott got sick and I have to attend the Speechmaker ’ s Symposium in his place . I ’ m leaving today , and I won ’ t be back until a week from Friday 
That ’ s quite a while . Let ’ s make it the week after you get back , then 
That will be great . So it ’ s two weeks from tomorrow , same time and place . I ’ m really sorry to do this to you 
No problem at all . To tell you the truth , I could use the extra time in my schedule to catch up on some paperwork 
Yes , sir.May I help you 
Please I'd like a ticket to New York 
For today 
No , early saturday morning 
We have a flight that we'll put you there at ten AM.Is that ok 
Nothing earlier ? I prefer flight at nine thirty 
I'm afraid not , unless you want a night flight 
No , exactly not
How about afternoon 
Sounds not good . I won't take it 
Sir , are you alright ? Just try to calm down , Sir . What's happened 
I've lost my Traveller's Cheques , all of them 
OK , just take a deep breath , Sir . Everything is going to be fine . Here's a form to report missing Traveller's Cheques , whatever the reason . Please fill it in and we can get moving on this 
I see . You need the reference numbers ? For each cheque 
Yes , Sir . Do you have that information with you ? At this bank , we always recommend our customers write down the reference number of each Traveller's Cheque and keep it in a safe place away from the Traveller's Cheques 
Tell me something about yourself and your past experience 
I have eight years of experience working in the IT industry . For the past two years , I have been working as a project manager for a dotcom . I am also MI certified . I'm looking for a team environment where I can join the excitement of building a company 
What experience have you had that qualifies you for this position 
I have worked on a variety of projects and jobs in the high tech industry . I wanted to have the experience of working for a dotcom and have learned something about being in on the ground floor of a business 
What attracted you to this job 
I've been searching for a while now to find a company that had a business model and corporate philosophy like yours . I am interested in working for a company that provides products and services to the K - 12 education market . My background is in this field , and my strength is in building relationships and solving problems . I am excited and interested in the idea of developing business relationships through e-commerce 
What qualities do you think are important to this position 
To have a combination of technical and business knowledge and to be very results-oriented . My past record shows that I have those qualities and more . Because of my business acumen and technical know-how , the teams I have managed accomplished outstanding results , including booking more than $ 50 million in online revenue 
When have you been most motivated 
When I have a specific project to complete , I like to know the specifics of a project from beginning to end . I like definite deadlines and I like to meet those deadlines . I expect some deviation from the original plan , but I try to stay focused and not let myself drift too far . I have great attention to detail and like to take my time and do it right the first time 
Why did you leave your last position 
I've set some goals for myself and my career , and unfortunately I'm at a standstill in my current situation . I have begun to explore options available before I spend too much time in a job where I can't advance . My goal is to continue to take on new responsibilities and be a key contributor to the success of an online venture 
What are your salary expectations 
I really need more information about the job before we start to discuss salary . I'd like to postpone that discussion until later 
Do you have any questions 
Yes , I do . Who are your financial backers ? Who are the key competitors ? Does the company have a plan for the IPO ? What would you say is the best thing about your product or service 
I can't stand the stupid guy any longer . It ' s unbelievable 
Oh , my dear lady . Take it easy . You should forgive a green hand like him 
He does everything so mindlessly that he is going to drive me crazy 
I suggest you talk with him and teach him how to deal with the problems 
I have told him how to do it several times , but he's never listened to me 
Maybe you should communicate with him just like a friend and not a boss 
Oh , I always have difficulty in getting along with the staff 
Just take them for your good friends and have a talk with them as we do , make sure you don't lose your temper 
I think that's a bad idea . I'd hate anyone here to think of me as a friend . How would they ever respect me as they can do whatever they want 
I disagree . All you have to do is respect the staff and their opinions 
May I please speak to Tom 
He's with someone right now , would you hold 
What's the name of the series just showed 
Doctor Butcher 
What a horrible name ! Is it full of suspense 
No , not at all.it ' s about how to keep fit 
Ouch , it ’ s unbearable 
Please keep calm . I know the pain isn ’ t what flesh and blood can stand . But be brave 
All right , doctor . But it really hurts 
What are you doing 
Look at me . I look so old ! I look as if I were thirty 
Come on ! Stop being so vain . You look great ! You are beautiful 
Yes , I am , but I think it ’ s time for some plastic surgery I ’ m tired of these wrinkles and sagging skin . See 
I don ’ t see any wrinkles or sagging skin ! You are 25 , stop being ridiculous . Besides , I think that people who get Boto , have facelifts , or tummy tucks look weird . It doesn ’ t look natural 
Whatever , I think I ’ m gonna get liposuction and a nose job and some breast implants as well 
I think you need to get brain surgery . I honestly don ’ t think you need cosmetic surgery . You look amazing 
I thought you were my friend and would support me on this ! I just want to feel better about myself and feel more attractive 
You don ’ t need plastic surgery to do that . You are fine the way you are and you have guys drooling all over you ! Plus , plastic surgery hurts 
Really 
Yeah ! When I got my nose job I was black and blue for a week 
I like football best of all 
Do you 
It's a very good game 
Do you watch it or do you still play it 
I only watch now 
Good afternoon , Chloe , I ’ m Doctor Evans.What seems to be the problem 
Hi , Dr Evans . Thanks for seeing me on such short notice . When I woke up this morning I had a really sore throat and a really bad cough . I think I am coming down with the flu 
Ah I see , yes you do sound rather croaky . Well let ’ s have a look , shall we ? Could you please open your mouth and say ” ah ” 
Ahhhhhhhh
Good , yes , your tonsils are a little swollen and red . How are your ears , blocked at all 
A little actually . My sinuses are a little blocked up as well-I really feel terrible 
Ok Chloe , can you please breathe in and out slowly for me while I listen to your chest ? You really are all bunged up , you don ’ t sound too good at all . Ok , I ’ m going to set you up with a bunch of antibiotics . You will need to take these orange pills twice a day and these blue pills every evening . You will also have to take this cough medicine three times a day after meals . Finally , I am giving you an inhaler to use every time you feel breathless . . . just to clear up your lungs 
Whoa ! So many drugs . . . I hate swallowing pills . Am I able to go to work 
Absolutely not ! You are highly contagious ! You don ’ t want to infect the rest of your co-workers do you ? I recommend staying in bed for at least three days and drinking plenty of fluids so you don ’ t get weak and dehydrated . You can catch up on all the latest TV shows and movies 
Ok ! Would you mind writing me a doctor ’ s note for work , otherwise they may think I am faking it 
Ha-ha , sure not a problem ! Here you are.Now off you go and away to bed . If you have any questions just give me a call ! Feel better soon and take care 
Thanks doc , bye 
Now people are talking about world recession which started more than a year ago . Can you give us your personal assessment of the situation of the global economy 
As you know , we are in a very special time . This is a very hard time for many countries ' economics , both developed and developing . I think the current economic situation could be described as synchronized slowdown of major economies 
What is the direct impact of the terrorist attack upon your country's economy 
Once the US economy is in trouble due to the terrorist attack , the impact could be quickly felt in the rest of the world 
What challenges is your country's economy facing at the moment 
We do face a lot of challenges because there is still much uncertainty about the world economy . It's very important for us to strike a proper balance between investment in fixed assets and household consumption 
I love Chinese food 
What's your favorite dish or dishes 
Well , I always order fried spring rolls when I go to Chinatown 
But a Chinese person would never order that 
Really ? But they're delicious 
Alex , you don't know what to order . Let's go to a Chinese restaurant together next time 
That sounds great 
Get ready for the best meal of your life 
Do you know how to go to the Fragrant Hills in Beijing ? I heard that they are very famous in China 
Yes . Especially in autumn , the red leaves of the maple trees make the whole mountain red 
That must be very beautiful 
Yes , it can make people feel as if they were in the land of fairies 
Really ? Have you ever been there 
A couple of times 
Can you go there with me ? I'd like someone who is familiar with that area to go with me 
Sure . I'd be very glad to be your tour guide 
What kind of permanent would you like to have 
what kinds do you have 
Oh , yeah , It ’ s quite of variety . Regular , cold perm , straight perm , pink curl and form 
Last time I tried a pink curl perm and form permanent . Set the wave a little loose than as usual , please 
Hello , this is United Airlines 
Hello , I want confirm my flight . My name is Jesse 
When is your flight 
June loth 
One first class seat on flight YW132 , is that right 
Yes , thanks . By the way , what time do I have to start check-in 
You are supposed to check in at least one hour beforehand 
Cool camera . What are its features 
It's loaded ! For example , it's got a 256 color , LCD screen that rotates 360 degrees , and switches to black and white in power save mode . Also , it has a low-light mode for night shooting and touch screen menu controls that are really convenient 
What about the quality of the pictures 
Oh , it's the usual 5600x3200 resolution with 10.0 megapixels . It's got a 5xzoom , so from 28mm to 120mm the pictures look great ! I can change the resolution , too 
Wow ! What about the memory 
It has a built-in hard-wired memory , but I like to use the 64MB media cards that come with it . I can download everything onto the hard drive and then edit and enhance with different software . It takes fantastic pictures that I can either print out or E-mail to my friends 
I really do like this dining set.But I just don't know . I don't know if I can do a good job with it 
It really isn't hard , sir . You just have to follow the instructions 
What instructions 
We will give you a detailed instruction manual if you buy the table 
I see . But can I understand the instructions ? I'm a foreigner , you know 
Don't worry about that . Your English seems very good.And our instruction manuals are very clearly written . It's easy 
Could you tell me now some of the things I need to do 
Of course.First , you must sand the furniture . You sand it to make the wood smooth.You start with heavy-grade sandpaper . Then , you move to finer-grade sandpaper 
Do I have to sand every inch of the table 
The better you sand it , the better the finish will be 
Alright 
Then , after you sand it , you use tack cloth to wipe off any dust or sawdust 
Sawdust 
Yes , sawdust is the tiny particles of wood.You could call it wood dust . You must wipe it off.The wood should be very clean before you put the varnish on 
That makes sense 
Then you apply the varnish , which is very easy . It is like painting 
And I can choose any color 
Yes , we have many colors to choose from , sir 
And after the varnish 
After the varnish dries for 24 hours , you can put another coat of varnish on . Or you can put the finish on.The finish is hard and clear . It goes on top of the varnish 
And then 
Well , when the finish is dry , the table is done 
It all sounds very complicated 
It only sounds complicated . It's really very easy . A lot of people here in America finish their own furniture.It ' s a good way to save some money . And a lot of people even enjoy it 
Well , I will look around your shop some more . I need to think about it 
Alright , sir 
Good afternoon . May I help you 
Yes , I'd like to rent a car 
What kind of car do you have in mind 
An automatic sedan 
I see . How long will you need it 
About a week 
Just a moment , please 
Where do you work , Andrea 
I work for Thomas Cook Travel 
Oh , really ? What do you do there 
I'm a guide . I take people on tours to countries in South America , like Peru 
That sounds interesting 
Yes , it's a great job . I love it . And what do you do 
I'm a student , and I have a part-time job , too 
Oh ? Where do you work 
In a fast-food restaurant 
Which restaurant 
Hamburger Heaven 
Every year , the South has the floods . It is an act of God 
Do you really think so 
Yeah , you have some other ideas 
Think , in some way it is an act of God , but in another way , it just is caused by us 
For example 
We didn't pay attention to the environment , cut down trees and polluted the air 
Oh , I see . Fortunately government has taken some action to prevent such things 
Is there any ticket for New York left ? I want to go coach 
SW113 leaves at 13:25 . Would you want one 
Yes . What's the fare 
$ 88 for a single ticket 
Well , I thought it was $ 83 
Yes . From October lst we have to charge every passenger $ 5 for the airport tax 
see . Here is the money 
Can I help you 
Yes . I am interested in applying for graduate school in America 
We have some catalogues from U . S . universities . You may check in the reference stacks over there 
Can you recommend some universities with good graduate schools 
Well , generally in the U . S . each university has its own outstanding fields . But the graduate school accepts no applications after January 29th 
Oh , no . It's already February 5th 
So you have to apply to begin the first semester next year 
I will think about it 
Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel ? I am afraid I lost my way 
Do you have a hotel card or something 
Let's see.Yes , I have the address and telephone number here 
Oh , you're staying at the downtown Hilton.Then , you go down two blocks this way and turn left.You ' ll find it on the right 
Well , I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map 
Could you do me a favor 
What is it 
Could you possibly give me a lift home 
All right 
Are you sure ? I don't want to inconvenience you 
No problem . I'd be happy to 
Thanks . I really appreciate it . Thanks so much 
What is your salary at present 
My present pay is 100,000 Yuan per year 
What are your salary expectations now 
I like to be paid more than that . Hopefully , 120,000 Yuan per year 
That's a little more than we had planned 
I think you'll find I'm worth that 
I can only offer you 110,000 Yuan a year . Raises will be given after a three-month probation according to your performance . Is that satisfactory 
Yes , it is quite reasonable 
I need to buy some flowers for my wife 
Perhaps you'd be interested in red roses 
What would the roses cost me 
They're only $ 20 a dozen 
I like the sound of that 
Yes , that is today's sale price 
A dozen will be fine 
Is there anything else you'd like to get 
No , thank you 
These roses should make your wife very happy 
Hello , Friendship Hotel . How can I help you 
I'd like to book a room for three nights 
What are the dates , sir 
From July the seventh to the ninth 
This one is too small . Please bring me a bigger one 
OK 
What's the brand 
Leopard . It's famous brand of good quality 
This one suits better . I will take it 
Guess what 
What 
I am going to the mountains with my family this weekend 
That sounds like fun 
Hi , Tina , I ’ Ve got good news . I have successfully passed the first two rounds of interview with ABC Company . They informed me to go to the final round next Monday . It looks very promising 
That is awesome . Congratulation ! I know you can make it 
Thanks . Let ’ s go for a celebration this evening . Are you free 
Yes . Wait for me at the cafe down my office building . See 5PM , ok 
No problem . See you 
See you 
We need someone rather quickly , the sooner the better 
Can I ask what the position pays 
Well , of course depends somewhat on experience , background and that sort of thing . What are your currently earning 
My current salary is in the range of fifty thousand yuan 
I see . Including bonus 
Yes , but not including overtime pay . I'm looking for a salary slightly higher than my present one , with opportunities for raises if I work well 
What starting salary would you expect here 
I have to support my parents who are advanced in age , so I'd like to commence at HAD 2,500 a month 
Your boyfriend is so considerate to you . When do you plan to marry 
It ’ s still up in the air . There is something wrong between us 
Could you talk to me for a few minutes about my grades 
Step into my office for a moment . What is your concern 
Am I failing 
Let's go on the computer to see what's up . Do you think you are doing well 
I am pretty sure that I am in trouble 
I can see that you are trying , but where do you think you could improve 
I missed a few classes ; I need to make sure I come to school on a regular basis 
Having a regular study routine and following it is very important , right 
I'll try ; it's hard 
Thanks for stopping by 
Do you know a bus I can take from Altadena to downtown LA 
I believe you can take the 486 
Will that bus really take me to LA 
It sure will 
Is it a very long ride 
It's a forty-five minute to an hour ride 
Really 
It doesn't take long at all
Do a lot of people ride that bus 
More people start getting on around LA 
Wow , thanks a lot 
Don't mention it 
Hi , Bob . I heard that you had passed your driving test . Is it true 
Yes . A few days ago I have no right to get a driving licence . But now I get it 
Is the driving test difficult 
Yes , it can be quite tough . Many people fail to pass the test at the first time 
What does the driving test require 
You should enroll in driving school and then take a road test and a written test . After you pass both tests , you'll get your licence 
Oh , I see . I need more practice before I take the driving test 
Don't worry about your driving test . I think you will pass the test and get the driver's licence very soon 
Hopeful ! Thank you 
Hello , may I help you 
Yes.We ' re interested in seeing the rooms for rent 
Oh , how nice.They ' re bright rooms and the house is very quiet 
A nice quiet house is exactly what we're looking for 
Well , gentleman.Each room is $ 40 a week if you think that's OK 
That sounds just wonderful to us 
When do you want to move in 
How about this afternoon 
Fine . I'll be expecting you around two 
I want to buy a black suit 
Certainty.Do you want double breasted suit or single breasted suit 
I prefer single breasted suit 
What about this one ? It's a very nice 3 - piece suit 
That looks great . Do you have ties here 
Anna , that outfit looks wonderful on you ! The color goes with your trousers perfectly 
Thanks , Carla . That's quite a compliment coming from you . You always dress so tastefully 
Well , that dress certainly shows your good taste . It must have cost a lot 
No , not much . I got it on sale at the mall - 60 % off 
Really ? You're an amazing bargain hunter ! Next time there's a sale , promise you'll let me tag along with you 
It's a promise 
I'd like to cancel my reservation on flight MS701 to Warsaw on the 23rd.My name is Michael 
Hold on for a moment . ( a few minutes later ) I have cancelled your reservation.Shall I make another one for you 
No , thanks 
I see . Please call us again for any further reservation.Thanks for calling us 
Did you see the 2005 Grammy Awards on TV last night 
Yeah . I was so happy , because my favorite singer , Ricky Martin won ' Best Latin Pop Performance ' 
He seems to win awards everywhere 
He is really great . He has sold millions of records worldwide . He is especially known for his rocking performance at the football World Cup song-the Cup of World 
I heard one observer even said ' It was a song sung in Spanish for international football , and he made it so popular that even the Americans loved it . 
That's right . His voice ranges from the smooth sound of ballads to the highpowered rhythms of the Spanish Caribbean where he grew up . He has fan clubs across the world , from America to Russia , from England to Taiwan , from Norway to Australia 
Where are you going 
I'm going to Bill's house 
What are you going to do there 
I'm going to help him 
What's he doing 
He's fixing his roof 
What did you think of the teambuiding session this morning ? Do you think it did much good 
Well , a lot of the games were pretty silly . I don't know how much it helped us to be a better team , but i think everyone had a good time 
I think that's an important part of it all ... we've got to be able to see another side of our co-workers and boss ... We can see what they're like as real human beings , working together on some project , for fun . I really think it helped our team jell together better 
Yeah , I guess you're right . I think the trust game was my favorite . I think in order to have a strong team , we've all got to learn how to trust each other more 
The trust game was your favorite , huh ? My favorite part was the personality tests . I think to know more about what kind of personality type you are will tell you a lot about how you can fit into a team.Also , when you know the personality strengths of your colleagues , it helps you understand them better 
Good morning miss . Wang
Good morning Mr . Li
It ’ s a beautiful morning isn ’ t it 
Oh . It ’ s a nice day indeed
I hope it won ’ t be too hot , I can ’ t stand the heat
Really . For me too 
I'd like to talk to you about my grades 
Sure ! What exactly do you have questions about 
I am worried that I messed up on a test 
Well , let me take a look at my grade book . How do YOU think you are doing 
I think I am doing great , except for that one test 
Well , your scores show that you could do a little better . What do you think you could improve on 
I think that I could study a little harder for tests 
Fine ! Please remember that regular attendance is the most important way to begin 
Yes , I know 
I'm sure you'll do fine 
I see myself as being honest , diligent , persevering and creative . And I have a strong sense of responsibility 
How about your psychological resilience 
I think I can work well under pressure , if necessary 
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with 
I will just be sincere and friendly to others , and I believe they will treat me the same way 
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady 
Thank you . I simply believe the goodness of human nature 
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can 
I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details . I am always in pursuit of perfection 
Honey , we are all out of wine and cheese . Do you mind running to the deli and picking up a few things 
Can ’ t it wait ? I ’ m watching the game right now 
Your friends and family are coming over tonight and we still need to get a lot of things 
Fine ! What do you need 
OK , pick up some cured meats to go with the wine . Maybe a pound of polish sausages , ham , liverwurst , salami and any other cold cuts that are on sale . I think I saw a promotion for pastrami . Also get s
Whoa wait a minute ! Isn ’ t that a bit too much ? I mean , how much is all of this going to cost 
Never mind that.Get some dips as well . Get a jar of spinach and blue cheese dip and also some Tzatziki.If they have bean dip get that as well . Last but not least , get some pickles 
Is that all , your majesty 
Very funny ! Get a move on ! People will be here any minute 
Here ' s my passport . I'm a visiting scholar 
Do you have anything to declare 
No , these are all my personal effects 
What's in the bag ? Would you mind opening the bag 
Not at all . I don't know what's dutiable.Do I have to pay duty on things for my own use 
NO.You don't have to pay duty on personal belongings 
Thank you 
good morning . I understand that you ’ Ve got a problem with your washing machine . I ’ m from the repair company 
excellent . Come in please . The washing machine is in the bathroom upstairs . It keeps breaking down 
when did it first break down 
about ten days ago . I ’ Ve tried to use it since then . Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn ’ t . it ’ s very frustrating 
is it still under warranty . If it is and I can ’ t fix it , it would be quicker and easier to exchange it for a new one 
yes , it ’ s still under warranty . Over the last few weeks , it ’ s also been making a high - pitch noise when it ’ s in use 
ok . I ’ ll start by looking at the motor . I ’ ll just unplug it and take a look inside the machine ... oh , yes . There ’ s the problem . It ’ s quite simple . I ’ ll sort it out in a few minutes 
what ’ s wrong with it 
part of the motor is loose . I can put it back in place quite easily 
that ’ s great . Thanks very much . Would you like a cup of tea or coffee 
Excuse me , miss . I'm Bob 
I'm Amy . How do you do 
I'm very glad to meet you . May I have this dance with you 
Certainly ! I suppose you dance often 
No , I don't often dance . Isn't this a wonderful party 
Yes , I'm glad I have come 
How do you like fox-trot 
I like it very much 
You dance beautifully 
Thank you . It's lucky that I have got a good partner 
Thank you 
How ’ s it going 
I ’ m fine . Thanks for asking 
What did you need 
I would like to make a withdrawal 
How much money would you like to withdraw 
I want to take out $ 300 
Which account are you making this withdrawal from 
I want it taken from my checking account 
All right , here is your $ 300 
Thanks a lot 
Is there anything else that I can do for you today 
No . That ’ s everything . Thank you 
How's your girlfriend 
We broke up 
Do you have these shoes in a size 7 
Yes . Let me get you a pair 
Sir , may I help you 
Yes , I want to book a room 
Sure . What kind of room do you like 
Well , could you let me see the room 
Ok . What about this one 
It's fine . What beautiful scenery outside the window ! I think this one will do 
I am glad you like it 
The show will be starting in a few minutes . We'd better go in and find our seats 
Number 7 and 9 of the Row 11 in the stalls , aren't they 
That's right . This entrance is for even numbers . That entrance over there is for odd numbers . Let's go over there 
What a nice theatre ! I guess it can seat hundreds of people 
Maybe you are right 
Look . It's begin 
Well , how did you like the show 
It's so interesting , I like it very much 
Oh my God ! I can't find my first period American literature class 
You look lost . Can I help you 
Aren't you the guy who sat in front of me in our homeroom 
Yeah . I'm Brad 
I'm Mary . I can't find my American literature class 
What room is it 
It's 112 
It's on the first floor by the nurse's office 
Thanks a lot , Brad . I've got to go before the bell rings 
This is how you turn on the computer 
I see 
How was your test 
It was bad 
Oh , honey , you should study harder 
But I already tried my best 
Don't worry . You'll do better next time 
Good evening , sir . What can I do for you 
Good evening . Would you please offer a table far from the entrance for us 
Yes , of course . This way , please 
How was your business trip 
Great - they wined and dined us all week 
What ’ s your working day like 
I have a typical 9 to 5 job . Actually , I work a little longer than 9 to 5 most days 
Do you get paid onetime 
No , I don ’ t . I get a bonus each month , depending on the value of the contracts I sign with clients 
Do you have any breaks 
We have an hour-long lunch break form 12 to 1 . we can take coffee breaks during the day . My boss doesn ’ t mind , as long as we get out work done on time 
My boss gets annoyed if we take coffee breaks . I suppose your job involves a lot paperwork , doesn ’ t it 
There ’ s some paperwork , but most of the time we put any information onto computers . Then we can send information to each other by email or across the network . Do you work in a cubicle 
Yes , I do . I don ’ t like it very much 
I work in a cubicle too , but I I don ’ t mind it 
Cindy . We were going to try to surprise you for your birthday . But you ’ re just too busy ! Can you tell me when you ’ ll be free 
Oh , Brian . That ’ s really sweet of you guys . I would love to get together with all of you . How about Friday 
Great ! What time 
I ’ m free all afternoon . Why don ’ t we meet at 1 o ’ clock in the lobby 
Andrew's Hair Salon , this is Andrew 
Andrew , this is Linda Chen 
Hi Linda , what can I do for you 
I need to set up an appointment to get my hair fixed 
For what day 
Tuesday morning 
How do you like these dishes 
Fine , they are colorful and tasty 
Did you enjoy your dinner 
Yes , I did . I have never tasted anything like this 
Would you like some more rice 
No , thanks . I'm full 
Another piece of meat pie 
No , thanks . I'm on diet 
How about the dessert 
Ice cream , please 
I cannot ignore her suggestion . In fact I always value her suggestion 
I know . Maybe you will get the air if you go against her 
Well , it takes two to to make a happy marriage 
And it takes two to make an agreement too . You have no guts , I am afraid 
Will you be voting this year 
Of course ! Will you 
This is going to be my first time voting 
Are you serious 
I ’ m not sure what I ’ m doing 
Voting is easy 
I don ’ t know anything about the bills or laws they ’ re trying to pass 
The ballot gives you all that information 
Nobody told me that before 
You have nothing to worry about 
I ’ m so glad you told me that 
Good luck on your first election 
The company is selecting three employees to attend the marketing seminar next month . Did you put your name in for it 
No , I don't really care too much for seminars ... I find them to be either boring ot useless . I mean , how much can you really learn in one afternoon 
It's not just about the things that you learn , you know ... seminars are a really great opportunity to mingle and network with professionals in our industry from all over the nation . You can learn a few things , but more importantly , you rub shoulders with the business leaders and make contacts that could lead to potential sales or partnerships in the future . The social mixers are always more important than the seminars anyway 
I'm still not too jazzed about going ... I feel kind of awkward in those cocktail party situations 
Well , what if I told you the seminar is going to be held in Hawaii ? Does that perk your interest 
Now you're talking 
Are there pets allowed in this apartment 
No dogs or cats or any other fur type animal , but other pets are allowed 
What about a boa constrictor 
Well . . . is that a pet ? Isn't that something from the zoo 
If I had one , could I rent this apartment 
I was more thinking of nice little fish or frogs or turtles or a pet rock 
What about a Gila monster 
I'll tell you what , if your pet can fit in this little box and doesn't have fur , it is welcome here 
Mary , I will have an interview tomorrow . I am so excited 
Congratulations ! By the way , have you had all the things ready for the interview 
I only typed several copies of my resume 
That's not enough . You have many other things to prepare 
What are they 
Besides the resume , you also need the original and copies of your graduation certificate and your ID card 
I see
Also several copies of your one-inch color photos 
Yes , I have those 
You also need to prepare formal clothes for the interview ; a suit should be the best 
I will get it soon 
Have a briefcase ready with all your interview materials in it for easy carrying 
Ok , I will remember 
All these should be enough . Good luck 
Thanks a million 
Don't mention it 
Hello , Pauline ’ s Furniture Store , Faye speaking . How may I help you 
Hello , I ordered a dining table last week . The order arrived today , but there are several scratches on the surface of the table . I would like to exchange it 
I ’ m terribly sorry about that . We could take it back and deliver a new one to you early next week . Would that suit you 
Well , I'm hosting a dinner party this weekend . Couldn ’ t you make it any sooner 
Please hold on , I'll just check with the delivery department 
OK , thank you 
Thanks for helping me move into my new house 
Any time . I'm just glad I could help 
Excuse me , I'm looking for the Holiday Inn . Do you know where it is 
Sure . It's down this street on the left 
Is it far from here 
No , it's not far 
How far is it 
About a mile and a half 
How long does it take to get there 
5 minutes or so 
Is it close to the subway station 
Yes , it's very close . The subway station is next to the hotel . You can walk there 
Thanks a lot 
May I help you find something , or are you just looking 
I'm just looking 
Then take your time , please 
Thank you 
I wish it was a nicer day today 
That is true . I hope it doesn't rain 
It wouldn't rain in the middle of the summer 
It wouldn't seem right if it started raining right now 
It would be weird if it started raining in ninety degree weather 
Any rain right now would be pointless 
That's right , it really would be 
I want it to cool down some 
I know what you mean , I can't wait until it's winter 
Winter is great . I wish it didn't get so cold sometimes though 
I would rather deal with the winter than the summer 
I feel the same way 
I wish it was a nicer day today 
That is true . I hope it doesn't rain 
It wouldn't rain in the middle of the summer 
It wouldn't seem right if it started raining right now 
It would be weird if it started raining in ninety degree weather 
Any rain right now would be pointless 
That's right , it really would be 
I want it to cool down some 
I know what you mean , I can't wait until it's winter 
Winter is great . I wish it didn't get so cold sometimes though 
I would rather deal with the winter than the summer 
I feel the same way 
Johnny , I can't believe you would do that 
I know , Grandma , I just ..
You're darn Toomin ' , you know ! Now , you're on housework duty while I'm here 
Yes'm 
You're going to mop the floor until you can see your face in it 
Yes'm 
And you're going to dust every piece of furniture in the house 
Yes'm 
Your house is very old . Does it need redecorating 
Yes , it really needs redecorating 
Shall I help you with it 
I don ’ t suppose you could 
I have much time . I suppose it can be done 
I ’ ll be glad if you would 
Hello , Pratt . How was your interview yesterday 
Hello , Finn . I did a wonderful job and I was employed . How about you 
I am sorry to tell you that I have lost the opportunity 
Why ? You are so excellent . I think you are the most suitable person for the job 
Yes , I know I am excellent , but I pay no attention to the etiquette you ’ Ve told me 
What ? Then what did you do 
When I entered the room , I forgot to close the door . Later , I couldn ’ t help smoking , you know I am a heavy-smoker . What ’ s more , I forgot to polish my shoes . There is some dirt on it 
You are so careless . You know they are the basic rules you should follow before you attend an interview . Do remember not to smoke any more , otherwise , you can ’ t find a job 
Yes , I know . And next time I must make good preparations 
Good luck next time 
Thank you 
Now , Miss Childs passed on your resume to me and I ’ Ve had the chance to look it over and I must say I ’ m quite impressed 
Thank you very much . I ’ Ve tried to keep it short and clear.If there ’ s any questions please feel free to ask me 
Well yes , I do have a number of questions , but perhaps first you could give me a brief overview I ’ d like to get a little bit of an idea of your background 
Yes , of course . Well as you can see from the resume I ’ m 27 and grew up in Brooklyn , New York , although our family moved to London when I was quite young , at around 16 
Ah I see , so you were actually educated in Europe 
Yes precisely . Although I was born in the US , I would definitely call London home . But as you see I ’ Ve actually spent a lot of my life moving from country to country . My Father was in the oil business
Very interesting . So it seems you had quite an adventurous childhood 
Absolutely ! We were never still for too long . But now I ’ m really looking to settle down 
I see . Okay , well let ’ s move on to discuss your education shall we 
Sure 
You went out on a date last night , didn't you 
Yes , I did , but Linda stood me up . She didn't keep the date for the first time 
How come 
I don't know 
Why don't you phone her for a date again 
I did phone her this morning , but she hung up on me . I think she is going to walk out on me 
Don't jump to conclusions . Look at the bright side , try to make another date again 
I will . Thanks for your advice 
Do you even know where this bus is supposed to go 
It should take us all the way up to Altadena 
Don't you know 
I'm not positive if it does or not 
Is this the right bus , or not 
I have never been on this bus , but I'm sure it's the right one 
Where are we ? This is not Altadena 
I know , and we've been on the bus forever 
Tell me what the street signs say 
Oh my gosh , that one says Temple City 
Next time , I'll look for the bus myself 
Well , now I know the bus that'll take us back 
We've got a problem ... it looks like we'll need more spotlights on the exhibition booth . The client thinks it's too dark , and they want to add halogen lighting . We've already got 3 sets of track lighting from you guys , do you think you could help us out and throw in some halogens 
Oh ... Um ... I don't think so . you know the halogen lighting is much more expensive than your track lighting system . Plus I'm going to have to call in some guys to install it for you . That's not going to come cheap 
But it would only be adding to the existing structure . We're not talking about anything new here ..
It doesn't matter because we will still have to call the electrician out , and they are union labor . It'll cost you a pretty penny ..
How much do you think it would cost 
Mumm , I estimate it'll run in the neighborhood of ... $ 500 per light 
$ 500per light ? ! That's ridiculous ! It can't possibly be that expansive 
It is , I'll tell you why . We'll have to call in the electrician , he's going to charge overtime now because it's already 5PM , and it will probably take him an hour a light . Plus , the halogen lights take more electricity , so your electrical cost is going to be higher as well 
Can't you give me a break on this ? We've already spent so much money on lighting , I hate to have to blow so much more on halogens 
No , that's the cost , and that's what it's going to cost us . We can't go in the hole with this . I am giving you my best price , so take it , or leave it 
Did you see May today 
Yes , but why does she have such a long face 
I don't have the foggiest idea 
I thought she'd be happy 
Yeah , especially since she got a promotion recently 
I don't know . Maybe it ’ s some kind of personal problem 
Hi , why do you look so depressed today , Mike 
I had a terrible quarrel with my neighbor yesterday 
How come 
It is a long story . Basically , she thought I had laughed at her while I didn't 
I know everyone suffers when he is misunderstood . But why not take it easy 
Yeah . It's so nice of you to comfort me 
Does anyone need a drink 
I'll take one . How's the cooler situation 
It's still stocked , and there's plenty of ice . Here you are-cheers 
Cheers . You guys didn't drive , did you 
No , we walked . Why , do you need us to carry some stuff home later 
No , it's just that it's a holiday . With everyone out partying , there's a lot of drunk driving 
Welcome to our show ! Today , I am going to show you how to make the perfect mouthwatering sandwich ! Are you ready ? Let ’ s get started 
Let ’ s start with the basics , bread . Bread is an important ingredient here . You need to remember one thing - choose the bread according to the following criteria , freshness , crumb and color . If you want a closed sandwich I recommend you first toast your bread in a toaster or oven , or grill it slightly until it gets a light brown color 
Now that our bread is ready , let ’ s talk about the ingredients ! Of course , each person ’ s palate is different , but I ’ m going to give you a few tips that you ’ ll be able to use when turning any sandwich into the perfect sandwich . I would strongly recommend you put fresh vegetables in your sandwich 
Do not undervalue them as they play a big role in forming the taste and will make the sandwich more refreshing and light . The best choices here are evident — cucumbers , tomatoes , onions , sweet pepper or chilli , lettuce and , of course , herbs — you can ’ t go wrong with them . As for aubergines , mushrooms and asparagus , I would recommend you first grill them slightly with a little touch of olive oil 
Last but not least , we have a wide variety of condiments that we can add to our perfect sandwich . We can be subtle and just add a touch of salt and pepper , or we can combine mustard sauce , mayonnaise , ketchup or even caviar to achieve a stronger flavor ! It ’ s always a good idea to cut your sandwich in triangles or manageable pieces to avoid all your ingredients falling out and staining your shirt 
That ’ s all the time we have for today , but join us next time where we ’ ll be going over how to make the perfect lasagna ! Till next time 
Is Tom here 
Speaking 
Can I help you , madam 
Yes . I'd like to choose a sweater for my son 
I see . Do you have any ideas so far 
Not yet . Can you give me some suggestions 
Sure , madam . But may l know how old he is 
Thirteen 
And the height 
About 158cm . He likes to wear loose-fitting sweaters 
I see . How about this one ? It's very fashionable and popular among teenagers 
I don't think he'll like it . He prefers simple styles 
How about this one then 
The style is all right , but I'm not sure about the color . Let me think for a while 
What are you doing , Victor 
I ’ m making a list of food and drinks 
What for 
What for ? For the party , of course 
Party ? What party 
We ’ re having a Valentine ’ s Day Party 
Oh , I forget . Who ’ s invited 
We ’ Ve invited all our sophomore friends from school 
Can I help you get ready 
That ’ ll be a big help . Well , here ’ s a list of some of the food you could buy 
Ok , just leave it to me . I ’ ll take care of it 
Thanks . See you at five . Don ’ t forget to bring your valentine 
What's your little caper ? Come home so late ! We are all worried about you 
Oh , I am terribly sorry . But I was so captivated with the singer at the subway exit . So I forgot the time 
Singing ? At the subway exit ? Oh , it sounds like someone needs some money 
Oh , no , the guy was a musician who just sang . He played the guitar and sang so many cool pop songs . Many people were drawn to his music and there was no hat on the floor . He sang for appreciation , but not for money 
It is just pop song , you could have sung there too if you want it 
Oh , no , it was a kind of pop art . I like it but I couldn't do it that well 
Honey , just do it next time . Have you heard of the real art in the subway station in Russia 
No , but tell me some . I am interested 
Many oil painting exhibitions are there . That is a kind of Museum Exhibition 
Are there many people there ? Do you think people actually like them 
I am sure you will . There are some works , and some students who major in painting interpret the meaning for visitors . And people can enjoy the paintings while waiting for the train 
But I still prefer the pop music in the subway 
Both the pop music and the oil painting ate arts , but with different aesthetic values 
Dad , you talk well , but can you appreciate that kind of art 
Not well enough , but I'm learning 
Whose handset sounds so beautiful
Mine . It's My Heart Will Go On , the theme song of Titanic . Isn't it of strong character 
Are you able to compose music 
No , not yet 
Who composed it for your 
You needn't ask anyone . You can get on line to search for one 
Can I get on line to search one , too 
Yeah . Web sites provide many melodies for handsets like my ERICSSON 
What about my SIEMENS 
Numerous . It's time that everybody is particular about personality.Find one and change yours 
Whoa , look at all those ice cream choices 
Yes , that is a lot of choices . What is your favorite 
I love anything with chocolate the best 
I like chocolate myself 
Is there any kind of ice cream you don't like 
I really don't like any ice cream with nuts in it 
I haven't ever cared for that myself 
Have you ever had garlic ice cream 
That sounds absolutely disgusting 
It was . Let's stick with the regular choices today , though 
I had a job interview this morning 
Really ? How did it go 
Pretty well , I think 
With tomorrow being Labor Day and all , I think it would be a nice gesture to let all the members of laboring staff leave work an hour early . What do you say 
What ! That sounds perfectly ridiculous ! Labour Day is a holiday for everyone , not just laboring staff ... and we get a whole day off tomorrow anyway , so what's the point of an extra hour tonight 
Well , we all get Labour Day off as a holiday , the real purpose of the holiday is to remember all the people who do manual or other hard labor . It's to celebrate those who work doing what other people might not be willing to do . I think we ought to do something in honor of the common worker 
So if we did allow the laboring force to go home early , how many people are we talking about 
In our company , the loborial force makes up 60 % of our workers . We'd just be letting slightly over half the folks out a little early 
Can I help you 
Yes , I ’ m looking for a pair of trousers 
What size are you 
I ’ m a large 
Ok , try these on in the changing rooms 
What can I do for you 
I want my hair cut 
How would you like your hair cut 
I'm not sure . What do you suggest 
Well , how about like this 
I don't like it . It's outdated 
Okay . How about this style 
It seems a little too wild 
Can you give me some idea of what you'd like 
I want a haircut just like that kind 
OK , I see 
Hi Kara , it's Mike here 
Hi Mike , how are you doing 
I'm doing well , and you 
Everything is going great 
Kara , would you be interested in going to dinner again this Friday 
Mike , I had a good time too , but I am getting ready to move back to the east coast , so I think I shouldn't get too involved right now 
Well , we could just go out as friends 
Right now , I think I need to really focus on matters at home , but thanks for a nice evening 
Can I help you , sir 
Hello , may I make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon 
I'm sorry . All the appointments are filled 
Oh , what a pity . I'd like to see the doctor as soon as possible . I have a sharp pain in my chest 
Let me see ... Perhaps I could fit you in at five thirty 
Five thirty ? I have a dinner appointment at six 
What about tomorrow morning , then 
No . I can't wait . I feel awful . The dinner appointment has to be canceled 
I guess it can't be helped 
You are right . Did you say 5:30 ? I'll make a note of it . Fine 
All right , then . See you this afternoon 
How kind of you ! Good-bye 
What kind of place shall we rent 
It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up 
Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat 
Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area 
I don't mind . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home 
Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us 
Yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . I think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early 
How much do you think the rent will be 
I asked a few people who are already living in places near the university and they said it would cost about one hundred pounds a month 
Say , what's your favorite sport 
Mmmm ... it's hard to say . I like golf a lot-but I guess I like tennis better 
Do you play much tennis 
Yes , quite a bit . How about a game sometime 
Sorry . I'm strictly a spectator-football , baseball , basketball , golf ... I watch them all 
How much is this 
You mean the large one or the small one 
The large one 
They're on special this week . They've been reduced to five dollars 
Is this the only kind you have 
No . We have some that are different in style but not in color . They're over there . Do you see the sign 
Oh , yes . I think I'll look at those over there before I decide 
Very well . Just take your time 
Would you honor us with a visit 
I'd love to . Thanks 
When will you be convenient 
Any time will suit me 
Are you doing anything tomorrow 
I'm free tomorrow 
I'll pick you up at about nine o'clock , will it do 
All right , see you then 
I haven't seen Bill lately . How is he 
He's still pretty sick 
That's too bad . What does he have 
We don't know , but he's going to the doctor tomorrow 
Let me know if there's anything I can do 
Thanks a lot . I'll tell him 
Hello , Madam . Are you alright 
I'm here to pay my telephone bill . I usually go to the post office , but I was told that I could take care of it here . Is that right 
Yes , that's correct , Madam . You don't need to go to a counter at all , you can use one of our ATM machines . I'll be more than happy to help you 
I don't usually like to use Atms , I like dealing with a real person , you see 
I know it does seem a little daunting , but once you get used to it , it will save you a lot of time and trouble 
Hello ! I'm Penny , I moved here just now 
Oh , Penny , I'm Leonard , glad to meet you 
Nice to meet you , too . I thought I should come and say hello to you . I haven't known anybody 
It is hard to get used to a new place , isn't it 
Yes . Would you like to come here later to have a coffee ? Bring all your family 
We'd like to . Can you tell me when we go 
About 4 
OK . Do you want us to bring something 
No , just come here 
OK , see you later 
Bye 
I wonder what he looks like . Oh , I can't wait to see him ! His email said he'd be wearing a white hat . ( looking around for him ) oh , there he is 
hey , Isabelle ..
Logan ! Why on earth are you hiding here ? White hat ! Come on ! Don't tell me you're the guy ! It can't be true 
yes , I am the guy 
what a bummer ! You set me up 
let me explain . I didn't mean to hurt you ..
how dare you 
hang on a second . Hear me out , just this once , Isabella 
why did you lie to me in the email 
I didn't lie . You just didn't ask me my real name 
I should have known it was you . No wonder all the 20 questions were answered correctly . I thought I might have found the one for me 
I'm sorry . It was cruel of me . But I promise it will never happen again ? Look , there's a nice restaurant . Let me take you to dinner and we can talk things over 
I hear Yolanda has been studying every night this week for the exam 
That's good , but I think it's too late . She hasn't studied all semester , and I doubt she can catch up in one week 
Mom , is there anything in the fridge I can eat before dinner 
There's some leftover pizza from last night 
Anything else 
Um , I think there may be some leftover lasagna from the other day 
Do I have any other choices 
There might be some birthday cake left in the freezer 
Is everything in the fridge leftovers ? I hate leftovers 
You can wash the vegetables and cut the chicken and I'll make dinner 
Mom , look , that cake looks delicious . My mouth is watering 
OK , boy . I will buy it for you 
I'm ready to place an order with you , but only one condition that the goods are confined to Australia . Can you do that 
Well , I haven't made such arrangements with the factory yet . So I'd like to make sure if it is acceptable to the factory before making a commitment to you 
All right , but I'm busy . How long will it be before you can finish the talk 
I won't be too long , I suppose . Just let me ring them , will you 
Go ahead 
Thank you 
Excuse me , is this the right counter for express mail 
Yes , it is . What can I do for you 
I want to send some important documents to Canada for my postgraduate admission 
Are they urgent , please 
Yes , the deadline for applying is 1st Feb , so I hope they will arrive in 3 days 
Well , DHL is famous for its speed and reliability . It is the fastest international postal service available . The document will arrive in two or three days 
Really ? But can you guarantee the safety 
Yes , I promise . Your document won't be broken or lost . All the items are handled by special staff and carried by a courier . It is reliable 
OK . I will send them now 
Please write the address and remittee on the express order and make sure there is no mistake on them 
All right . Here you are 
This is your receipt which you have to keep until the remittee receives the express . You can also check your post on our web . The post number is on the top of the receipt 
Thank you . I have got quite clear idea of it 
Bruno's 
Hi , I'm calling from Nika Corporation . We would like to hold a business lunch at the restaurant 
Oh , certainly . I'm Linda , the Manager . I can help you with that . How many will there be in your party 
There will be about 18 people 
Okay . For a party that size , we have a separate banquet room in the back 
Is there an extra charge to reserve the room 
No , as long as you can guarantee at least 15 guests , there is no extra charge 
That's great . I'd like to go ahead and reserve the room , then , for Friday , December 2 , at around noon . This is a retirement party and we'd like to bring a cake for the guest of honor and some bottles of champagne . Will that be acceptable 
The cake is no problem at all , but we do charge a corkage fee of $ 15 a bottle for any alcohol not purchased from the restaurant 
Oh , that's fine 
Great . I have the banquet room reserved for a lunch on for Nika Corporation on the 2nd of December . May I have your name and contact information 
Sure . I'm J McQuillin and my number is 323-555-6840 , extension 42 
Thanks , Mr . McQuillin . I'll give you a call a week in advance to confirm the arrangements 
Sounds good . Thanks for your help 
Thank you for choosing Bruno's . We look forward to seeing you on the 2nd 
John , I'd like to see you in my office for a minute 
Yes , sir , I'll be there in just a moment 
John , I have been watching you . I've been paying attention to you over the last quarter and I'm impressed . You've done a tremendous job in tackling some difficult accounts . I just want to let you to know , after this month's performance reviews , I'm recommending you for promotion 
Gosh sir , thank you , sir ! I had no idea there were any positions opening up in our department 
Well , it's not going to be in our department . I've recommended you for an interdepartmental transfer . There's supervisory spot opening up in financial . I'm turning your name in for it 
Management ? Wow , I had no idea I could move so quickly from entry level to managerial staff 
You've earned it 
I beg your pardon for being late 
Better late than never 
So sorry , I don't mean to be 
That's perfectly all right 
Thanks for your forgiving 
It's really of nothing 
I'll work hard 
That's quite all right 
How long have you been in America 
For more than five years 
Do you think it's easy for a Chinese to get accustomed to the western culture 
It's no picnic 
One thing I love our boss for is that he always knows when to give you a pay raise without being asked for 
Really ? How can he be so sure about the timing 
He just knows either by your excellent performance at work or by the annual review 
Well . This must save lots of employees from worrying about how to write a salary increase letter . You know how tough it is . Do all the employees receive the same pay increase annually 
Actually not ! Our company pays for performance 
I like this system . It will encourage the best employees and motivate those who want to make a change at work 
Is this the right bus for the Grand Hotel 
Oh , no.You should take the No . 14 tram 
Where can I take it 
Two blocks down the street 
Good afternoon , Ma ’ am , My name is Mike and I am selling subscriptions to all sorts of periodicals 
No , thank you , I am not interested 
Please ma ’ am , if you could spare five minutes of your time , I am sure we could find something that interests you 
I wish I could , but I have to walk the dog and finish cooking so if you would excuse me 
We have a great variety of magazines all about cooking ! This one for example , is a bi monthly publication with recipes from all over the world 
Wow , that would be kind of useful , do you have any other cooking magazines 
Sure do ! This one is a quarterly publication , but each issue has over 200 color pages of recipes and also many home decorating ideas 
Wow , this is nice ! Ok , sign me up for both publications 
You mentioned you have a dog , most pet owners sign up for this weekly newsletter that has information on dog care , pet shops and even pet sitters 
That is exactly what I needed ! What else do you have 
Well , I also have ..
My God ! Why did you bring me here ? I hate the taste of coffee 
Really ? I have a weakness for coffee 
Can't you delay your return a little bit 
No , I can't . I've really got important business 
Keep in touch then , OK 
OK 
Is there anything available for tonight 
There are some seats in the rear mezzanine 
Isn't there anything else available 
No , the show is almost sold out 
May , I saw a beautiful cotton down coat in the shopping mail 
Are you kidding ? It ’ s summer 
Is there anything that you are interested in 
Yes . Is this your new product this year 
Yes . It's a prototype of our new product . It has got more advantages than the second did 
When is the product going to be on the market 
It will be released next month 
So soon ? It seems to be in the early stages 
We have developed new technology about it . And the new product will be a pleasure to be hold 
Well , it's sounding good ! I'm looking forward to that 
To which gate do I need to go to catch connecting flight 101 to New York City 
Go to gate 18 . The plane is now boarding . You must hurry 
Show me the fastest way to get there 
Instead of walking , you can take this shuttle to get you there faster 
Do you think the plane will leave without me 
No , I ’ ll call the attendants at the gate . I will tell them you ’ re on your way 
Thank you so much . I would really appreciate that 
You are welcome . Have a safe trip 
What ’ s your major weak point 
I haven ’ t been involved in international business , so I don ’ t have any experience 
What are you greatest strength 
Honest , hardworking and responsible 
Does your present employer know you are looking for another job 
No , I haven ’ t discussed my career plan with my present employer , but I am sure he will understand 
She is kind of player who never hides how she's feeling . Once look at her and you know if she's winning or losing 
She wears her heart on her sleeve 
Don ’ t throw your weight around . I can ’ t bear you any more 
I dare you to say that again 
I'd like to have a berth ticket to Shanghai 
Which train do you want 
The 19:00 train 
Sorry . There aren't any tickets available for the 19:00 train 
When is the next train to Shanghai 
The next train will leave at 20 : O5 
How much is the ticket 
180 yuan 
Here is 200 yuan 
Here are your ticket and change 
Hi , may I speak to Ryan , please 
This is Ryan you are speaking with . What can I do for you 
Hi , Ryan , this is Malia , and I will not be coming to work today 
What is wrong with you 
I have really bad poison oak and can ’ t stop itching 
How long have you had it 
I ’ Ve had it a few days , but the rash really got bad last night 
How have you been treating it 
I have some lotion that the doctor gave me , as well as an antihistamine 
That should work . I ’ ll see you tomorrow when you return to work 
Shall I punch out for you , Ross ? I am leaving now 
No , thanks . I have got to work overtime 
But today is Friday . You are not going to work overtime on Friday evening , are you 
Well , I am . I'll have to finish this report for next Monday's meeting . Is Tom coming to pick you up 
No . We ’ ll meet at my house . He invited my family to spend the weekend with his family at their villa 
That's nice . Where is his villa 
It's not his villa , but his father's . I think it's somewhere in Florida . I am not sure myself 
Sometimes I envy you a lot . Tom is a good guy 
Come on . You just haven ’ t met the right person and I think that you work too much . You should learn how to entertain yourself and enjoy life 
I know , but I am a work maniac 
Well , suit yourself . I've got to run now 
Have a nice weekend 
You too . Oh , I forgot to tell you one thing . A girl called this afternoon . She said she was your ex-girlfriend . She wanted you to call her back 
Did she mention anything else 
No , nothing else . See you Monday 
See you 
I've just got a new printer . How often do I need to replace the print heads 
Well , under normal conditions each head lasts about 5 000 copies or so . It depends on the user , but about once a month is average 
So if I don't print out very much , it could last a lot longer 
That's right . It could last six months or more . This model's designed for heavy use . Don't worry - you'll get an error message telling you when to change the head 
Thank you so much for interviewing me this evening 
Happy to meet with you . Now , do you prefer group projects 
I like to work alone on some things and then bring those things to the group 
Do you value a steady job more or one that offers a chance to move ahead 
I want to grow in my job and move ahead 
Could you work for us in another state , if need be 
I need to stay in the area because of my family 
How much do you need to make per year 
75,000 per year 
Yikes ! Thanks for your interest in this job . We ’ ll be getting back to you 
Excuse me . I would like to book a table at 13:00 
Sure , for how many 
Three seats , please 
May I have your name 
Annie , do you like shopping online 
Yes , I like it , because it's convenient 
Last week , I tried to buy a new cellphone online , but I didn't know how to pay for it 
First , you should open an account at the online bank . After that , you can buy anything you want online 
Are there many things online 
Sure . You can find everything all over the world . Let's check it out online ! ( They log in a shopping website . 
That's amazing . Oh , an on line virtual supermarket 
Let's click to check it out 
Oh , I got it . It simulates the real supermarket , which makes it feel so real . Mom will love it . She loves shopping in supermarkets 
Say , how about having Chinese food for a change 
Great idea ! I like authentic Chinese food 
Let's see what we'll take 
Pork steamed with rice flour , jelly fish and egg soup 
That's it 
Good afternoon . It's a pleasure to see you again ! What can we do for you today 
I've come in to give you the documents under the L / C we opened , the new one . This lot are from Singapore , a new customer 
Have you had a chance to go through them yet 
Yes , with a fine toothed comb , as usual . Everything seems fine , except for one thing . The description of the items we are purchasing is a little different from what we expected 
Is it a big difference 
Not really , perhaps just a translation problem , that's all . Anyway , we've agreed to accept it 
Dear , time is up , let ’ s go there now 
Just a minute . I ’ m putting on my clothes 
Have you taken the key to the door 
Yes . Oh , dear , I can ’ t find my hairbrushes . Can you help me 
Where have you put it 
I put it in the dressing room 
Are you sure 
Yes , quite sure 
Then , have you looked downstairs 
Yes , I ’ Ve looked everywhere downstairs 
Look , dear . It ’ s over there 
Where 
On the floor 
I received an eviction notice from you , and I don ’ t understand what it means 
Well , you are behind in your rent ; it ’ s a 30 - day notice to vacate 
You can ’ t make me move just for being late with my rent 
You have been late with your rent several times now . I am filing suit for back rent to protect myself 
Are you throwing me out 
This notice is to let you know that you will be evicted by a sheriff if you don ’ t make good on your rent 
If I catch up on my rent , can I stay 
You can stay if you catch up and stay caught up . Otherwise , I will find another renter 
I will go get the money right now 
Thank you . Please make sure that you pay with cash or a cashier ’ s check 
Are you sure it was him 
I used to date him . Of course it was him 
You're a nurse at New York General Hospital 
Yes , on the cancer ward . And Taylor was there . He walked right by me and didn't even see me 
Maybe he was just visiting someone 
But you saw how skinny and pale he looks . He has " cancer patient " written all over his face 
I want to make a reservation under the name of William Smith 
OK , Mr . Smith . When will you arrive 
Around 12:00 
Party of two 
No , we have five persons 
All right , Mr . Smith . I will arrange a table for 5 at 12:00 for you 
Thank you 
What's wrong with you 
My head hurts badly 
How long has it been like this 
Since last night 
Do you have a sleeping problem 
Yes , I even can't fall asleep these days 
I think you'd better have a further exam , and before the result comes out , try to relax yourself and take the medicine before you sleep . It will help you to kill the pain and make you sleep well 
Is it serious , Doctor 
When the result comes out , I will tell you about it . Remember , never be afraid or be too tired 
OK , thank you , Doctor 
Look ! There are playing The Matrix today 
You are right , look at the crowd . Do you think we will be able to get tickets 
I don't know . If we can't , we can buy from ticket scalpers 
No way . I'd rather go to another movie house 
Come on . We are already here . Besides , I really wanna see this picture 
All right . Let's see when the next movie is playing 
Seven thirty . There is only 10 minutes left and look at the long line 
Shall we take a chance 
Yeah , let's do so 
It's moving so slow 
What can you expect with this crowd ? I am praying that no one will cut in the line 
I don't think anyone will 
I hope not . We are getting closer .. two more ... one more ... it's our turn 
What do you need today 
I need to take a few classes 
What kind of classes would you like to take 
How about a driver's course 
Okay , you're going to need to make an appointment 
I don't understand why I need to make an appointment 
You need to make one to come down and fill out your paperwork 
I'd like to make one now if I could 
Sure you can ; when would you like to come in 
I'd like to come in tomorrow morning at 9
That'll be fine 
That's great . Thank you very much 
How do you get paid ? If you don't mind my asking 
Not cash . But if our launch goes well , my stock options will pay off , big time 
And in the meantime , how do you pay the rent 
I don't have to worry about rent . I live right here 
What ? In your cubicle 
Right here . Me and my PC . Home sweet home 
so ... what kind of things do you do in your free time 
I'm really into watching foreign films . what about you 
I like to do just about anything outdoors . Do you enjoy camping 
camping for an evening is ok , but I couldn't do it for much longer than one night 
have you ever been camping in the Boundary Waters 
no , but I've always wanted to do that . I've heard it's a beautiful place to go 
it's fantastic . My family and I are very fond of the place 
do you have any photos of any of your camping trips there 
sure , would you like to see them 
that'd be great . What kind of camera do you have 
I have a Canon SLR 
so , you must be pretty interested in photography then 
I'd call it one of my hobbies . Do you know much about photography 
actually , I do . I took quite a few photography classes at University 
have you heard about the photography exhibit that's going on at the art gallery this weekend 
yes , I was planning on going . Are you 
yes.In fact , maybe we could go together 
that'd be great . what time should I meet you there 
how about at 11:00 
sounds great . see you then 
What ’ s “ pi ” 
That ’ s the ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter , I think 
I see . What is that ratio exactly 
It ’ s approximately 3.14 , but the number continues forever . What ’ s the diameter of your circle 
It ’ s 10 centimeters , so the circumference should be 31.4 centimeters 
Ok . My next problem is to convert 10000 british pounds into us dollars . What ’ s the exchange rate at the moment 
According to the newspaper , the exchange rate is 1.85 dollars to the pound 
That means that 10.000 pounds will buy me 18.500 dollars 
What ’ s the next question 
Fractions . What ’ s a quarter and an eighth ? That ’ s three-eights . Easy . The next question is “ what are prime numbers ? ” 
I can help you there . Those are numbers that cannot be created by multiplying two whole numbers , apart from the number itself and 1 , together 
So , 1,2 and 3 are prime numbers , but 4 isn ’ t because 2 * 2 = 4 
Exactly . Anything else 
How many seconds in an hour ? 60 seconds multiplied by 60 minutes equals 3600 seconds altogether 
You ’ ll be a mathematician one day 
OK , I just want to brief you all on the travel market in Taiwan . To start with , generally speaking , the travel industry in Taiwan focuses mainly on tours . This segment of the industry is well developed 
Sorry to interrupt , Doris , but can you tell me more about these tour groups , what kind of things they enjoy , and so on 
Yes , of course . Most of the time , when they travel , they prefer to do so in large groups accompanied by a guide , who usually takes care of everything , for instance , choosing the restaurants , the itinerary , the mode of transport , and things like that . Another thing is that most travelers to the UK tend to be middle aged , around 40 to 50 or so . This age group is less adventurous ; they like good hotels , and have money to spend . They kind of prefer to stay in the cities where they feel safer . They are not into mountain climbing in Wales or anything 
I don ’ t mean to interrupt , but can you tell me what plans you have for growing the youth market 
Just a moment . I'll tell you about that in a minute . Where was I ? Oh yes . By way of illustration , let ’ s look at the top five destinations in the UK for this kind of traveler over the last five years . If you look at page ten you can see what I mean . In spite of these characteristics of the market , I still think there is room for growth in the youth sector 
So how do you intend to do that 
OK , let me tell you what we ’ Ve been doing . We ’ Ve been in touch with the Wales and Scottish Tourist development offices here in Taiwan and they ’ re interested in working with us to promote their regions to the youth segment . We ’ Ve decided to implement an advertising campaign focusing on the excitement of the activities in those regions 
May I interrupt you for a moment 
Go ahead 
How much is it going to cost , and who is going to pay 
Well , at the moment we are trying to work out those details . We haven't managed to come up with a concrete plan yet , but we are working on it 
I see . OK . So what ’ s next 
Well , our intention is to have some features about these regions in some youth magazines . We ’ re also going to run some ads on TV and put some flyers in places where young people go , like the gym and student organizations . We ’ re making arrangements to have some activities at big shopping malls and department stores around town 
Hello , could I speak to Allison , please 
I'm sorry ; he's out at the moment 
When do you expect him back 
I think he'll be back in about an hour at least 
Well , may I leave a message 
Yes , of course 
Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back 
Ok . Does he know your number 
I'm afraid he doesn't . My mobile is 139- 2477 - 4026 
13924774026 . All right . Thanks for calling . Oh , hang on , someone's at the door that may be him , please hold on 
Have you made up your mind 
Not yet , can you recommend me some chickens 
We have roast chicken , grilled chicken , chicken curry and chicken chops 
Please bring me the chicken chops 
Dad , can I have a pet ? I did what you said and passed all of my exams 
Then I guess you get to have a pet . Do you know what you want 
I want a dog . My friend Mindy's dog just had puppies and she said I can have one 
You know who will be responsible for feeding and cleaning and all of that stuff 
I know , I know . I will do it all by myself 
Have you figured out the costs involved with feeding and caring for it 
Yes . It will cost me about $ 50 a month . And I make a little more than that already 
Sounds like you've done your homework . I think you're ready for this 
The principal just announced that Dr . Smith is going to take over as dean of our department 
Oh 
Why are you so calm ? Are you not surprised to hear this 
No , I knew it all along . He was the obvious choice 
Do you think he can do well 
A new broom sweeps clean anyway 
I'd like to order a restock on my minibar 
You finished everything in there , sir 
Absolutely everything 
What would you like to order 
Three bottles each of Perrier and Jim Beam 
Uh-huh . What else do you want 
The apples were great . Could you bring a couple more up 
No problem . Is there anything else I can get for you 
Some grape juice would also be nice 
I'll get all of that for you right away . Someone should be up shortly
Then I'll have to borrow it 
Sure you can . But I'm only gonna keep it for a month 
Why ? It's in mint condition 
That's why I can profit from it 
You're going to re-sell it on eBay Taiwan 
You bet . eBay Taiwan doesn't have it ! And bidding will start at two thousand NT . This baby's worth about six thousand to real tennis fans ..
I've created a monster ... you're a better bayer than me 
Have you seen our new packing specifications 
Yes , I have , Mr . Thomas . We'll pack them two dozen to one carton , and the gross weight is around 25 kilos a carton 
What date would you like to depart , sir 
Do you have any seats for September 16th 
Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th 
The 17th will be fine 
And what date will you be returning 
Hmm , I guess on the 28th 
Okay , you're booked on American Airlines flight 710 , departing JFK at 6
Sounds good . Thanks a lot 
Doctor , my child is nine years old , and I recently found that he was constantly telling lies about how he is doing at school 
Is he doing very well at school 
He is doing OK , but he pretends he is doing much better by telling lies 
What's his problem 
This may be complicated . But I think he may need to build up his self-esteem 
How can his he do that 
There are a lot of ways to help a kid build up self-esteem , but to begin with , you can try and give him more rewards . Rewards will help a chil improve his self-esteem 
Could I ask you where the company is 
Sure . Our company is in Ericsson Tower , No . 12 Like East Street , Chaoyang District 
Can I get there by the No . 913 bus 
You can make it by the No . 913 bus , or by subway Line 13 
I would like to buy a black suit 
Do you have any special brand in your mind 
No , I never wear suit in my everyday life . I just want one to take part in my sister ’ s wedding ceremony 
I see . Have a look at this one . It ’ s very cheap because it ’ s not very durable 
but it looks good . Let me try it on 
Ok , the mirror is over there 
May I speak to Mrs . Liu , please 
This is Liu Fang speaking 
Oh , good morning , Mrs . Liu . I'm calling to see if you have received my resume that I sent to you by Email 
May I have your name , please 
My name is Steven . May I ask whether I can have an interview 
Of course . In my opinion , you are the strongest candidate for the job 
When is it most convenient for me to visit you to talk about the position 
I want to set up an interview for you at 9 a . m . next Monday in our company's conference room 
Thank you very much . See you then 
Do you know where I can park 
Do you need a spot here or off campus 
I want a space on campus 
There's a parking structure for students 
Where can I find it 
Go to the western side of the campus , and you'll find it there 
Is it full 
When I went up there , it wasn't full at all 
When was that 
Sometime this morning 
Would it be full now 
I am really not sure 
Good afternoon.madam.How can I help you 
Someone has stolen my cell phone 
I am sorry to hear that.Would you mind coming with me to my office and tell me what exactly happened there 
OK . I left my cell phone in my room this morning before I want out.When I come back it was gone . I have looked every where in my room and I can't find it 
Well , in that case . I will call the manger , you can talk directly with him 
Would you like to introduce me to Mr.Johnson 
Yes . I'd like to 
thanks a lot 
I want to offer you more invoking stock options 
When you hired me , you knew you were going to be low on cash , didn't you 
Let me explain . To get more cash , I'll have to borrow more from Vital , the venture capitalists 
I know how it works . You don't want to give away any more of your future profits than you have to 
Exactly . Instead of increasing their position , I want to increase yours 
Can I see the paper when you're through , Sally 
OK . I just want to read the comics 
Take your time 
What time do you have 
A quarter past five 
I must be off now . I'm pressed for time 
See you 
Are you making what I think you're making 
Nothing but the best , Cinnamon toast 
What a nostalgic food 
Why the drama ? Have you been watching soap operas 
No . Just the smell of bread toasting to a perfect golden brown ..
Brings back memories 
You know , you really ought to get a new pair of jeans . Those are falling to pieces 
But this is how I like them , Mum . They ’ re just beginning to look right 
Well , you ’ d better get another pair for work at least or you ’ re sacking on the spot 
Do you live with your parents 
No , they live in Shanghai , my hometown 
How often do you go back to visit them 
Once a year 
Are you being served , madam 
Not yet 
Sit here please.How would you like your hair done 
A trim and perm 
Do you want a cold-wave or perm 
A cold-wave , please 
I hear that Tom got divorced , and I don ’ t know how he is now 
Out of sight , out of mind 
Who do you mean 
Don ’ t you know they have had little affection for each other 
I really don ’ t understand my parents . They always make light of my worries 
They think you are just a child 
But the child has his own feeling 
Maybe you are right . Well , you can talk with them 
I'm sorry , ladies . Mr . Smith's viewing is over . It ended an hour ago 
But we just drove across town . Can't we just go in to see him one last ..
I'm afraid not . But at tomorrow's funeral , the family requested an open casket service 
This is all too fast . He's my best friend , and now he's gone 
I'm sorry . I know it must have come as a great shock 
The viewing was for saying goodbye , and I didn't even get that 
Look at this , A Brief Introduction of Hollywood 
Hackneyed theme 
What ? How much do you know Hollywood 
Nearly everything 
You are full of boasts . I can examine you by question and answer . What is Hollywood ? Where is it ? What is the function of it 
Too easy questions . Listen carefully . Hollywood is the movie capital of the world.It is located in southern California . Many films have been made there , and the kinds have changed often 
Not bad . What kind of film did it produce from the ready to mid 1930 ' s
Gangster movies . Movie-goers at that time could get a look at the people involved in crime and their violent activities by watching it 
Mm . What came after that 
After all that violence , people needed to laugh , so from the mid-to-late l940 ' s , many detective movies about policemen who solved crimes were made . Then came musicals 
Pretty good . Please continue 
Right . By the mid - 50 ' s , this light-hearted genre was competing with films about more serious subjects . There was one kind that could be found throughout all of these years , and that was the , mm , the . . 
The western films about America's cowboys , Indians and early settlers 
Come on 
Since the early 1960 ' s , there are horror movies about people who encounter frightening , unnatural situations , and serious films such as documentarist about events that actually happened , and science fiction movies about possible friture and future worlds . Some people have also enjoyed watching psycho-dramas about the everyday problems that people have 
Any more 
Of course , no list of film would be complete without animated movies . These are especially popular among children 
What ’ s the problem ? Things are getting out of hand . You keep sticking your nose where it doesn ’ t belong 
What do you mean 
Now , I am responsible for training new staff , but you keep overriding my authority by trying to pose your methods . I know you are a hotshot college graduate with something to prove . But I don ’ t like your way 
Did you know Carl is almost fifty 
Are you sure ? He doesn't look that old 
He told me so himself 
Hi ! How are things going with you 
I am doing well . What ’ s up with you 
Believe it or not , the company I worked for closed down , so I ’ m out of a job 
The same with me . Have you given much thought to what you want to do next 
I am not being all that particular right now because I just need to keep a roof over my head 
How about interviews ? Have you been on any of those yet 
I wish that I could get the opportunity to be interviewed 
How about the electrician program that they have listed over there 
I read about that , and the position sounded great 
Let ’ s go see how we can apply for those positions 
Do you like snakes 
Of course not . I'm afraid of them 
I mean , do you like snake meat 
I'm afraid I'll feel sick at the sight of it 
I like to open up a savings account please 
O . K . We offer a few different kinds 
I want the one with the highest interest rate 
That would be our Saver's Plus account 
4.5 % , that's good . How much money do I have to keep in it to get that rate 
You have to maintain a balance of $ 10,000 in the account or the rate drops to 3 % 
All right . I ’ ll open one of those 
Just fill out these forms , and I ’ ll be with you in one second 
Thanks 
Nice to see you ; how have you been feeling lately 
I have been feeling great , Dr . Smith 
I am happy that you have decided to come in for your annual physical 
Yes , I am going on a cross-country bike ride on vacation and want to make sure that I don ’ t have any problems 
We are going to look at your heart and lungs , do a few blood tests , and see that your eyes , ears , and nose are all working as they should 
I ’ Ve been having trouble with congestion in my chest . Can you give me some tests for that 
I can do a chest X-ray to check for congestion 
That would be great . What is the blood test for 
The blood test is for cholesterol , white blood cell count , and blood sugar 
I have been feeling great . I don ’ t imagine that any of my tests will turn out badly 
May I help you 
Yes . I'm a transit passenger for this flight . Can you tell me where to go 
Let me see . Oh , you're at the wrong gate . Your plane leaves from Gate No . 8 
Really ? I hope it hasn ’ t left without me 
No , don ’ t worry . Just follow me 
Hurry up . We're going to be late 
I am hurrying 
What are you doing 
I can't figure out which dress to wear 
You had better get a grab instead of getting upset about little things 
I know . But my life seems super stressful . I really don ’ t know how to get a better grab on things 
I think as long as you try your best and don ’ t think of anything too much , everything will be all right 
What a nice tie you are wearing 
Thank you.But does it really look all right 
Certainly.It matches your suit perfectly 
Then does it go well with my sweater 
Yes.You look very smart today 
Thank you very much 
Hello . May I speak to Jerry , please 
Sorry , but he is out for lunch right now 
I see . Can you give me some idea how long he'll be back 
I think he will be back around 2:00 . If you like , please leave your name and phone number , I'll have him call you as soon as he comes back 
That's nice . My name is Steven , my phone number is 6789777 . Okay , I'll be waiting for his call . Thank you and bye 
My pleasure , bye 
Hey , John ! I haven ’ t seen you in ages ! What ’ s new ? What have you been up to 
Pete ! Nice to see you Well , on top the norm , you know , wife and kids and work , I ’ Ve actually gotten into doing some trading 
Trading ? You , big guy ? What are you trading 
Currencies 
Currencies ? As in Euros , Dollars , Pounds and Rupees 
It ’ s called Forex . Foreign Exchange . The great thing about it is that I don ’ t have to invest a huge amount . I put in a margin deposit and then I can buy and sell up to 100 times that much 
I don ’ t understand . You ’ re buying and selling money 
You got it ! Just last night I made USD 150 
Last night 
Yeah ! It ’ s a 24 hour market ! I had bought some RIB earlier at a low asking price but last night it appreciated drastically so I made a split second decision and sold all my RIB at an amazing bid ! I 
You ’ re kidding ! I ’ m on ! Where do I sign up 
Does this bus really go to the mall 
It goes all the way there 
Are you sure 
I know it does . I catch this bus a lot 
How long does it take for the bus to get there 
The bus ride is only thirty minutes or so 
Where do we get off the bus 
Right behind Macy's is a bus stop 
The stop is really at the mall 
It's in the middle of the parking lot 
That's perfect 
I know it is 
What book is that 
I just bought a new atlas . I ’ m looking this map of the world . Look at Russia ! That ’ s a vast country 
Canada , China , and the USA are huge too 
There are several tiny countries in the world too . Countries like Monaco are smaller than many cities 
Those small countries are microscopic compared to Russia . European countries are relatively small . France looks quite big in Europe , but compared to many countries in other continents , it ’ s not very large at all 
Britain is half the size of france , but great Britain is still one of the largest islands in the world 
The thing with large countries is that often they have vast areas of land that are useless or hardly used . Russia and Canada have enormous areas of ice and forest 
Hello , is that Miss Lan ? This is Nina with Huawei Corp 
Yes , speaking 
I'd like to tell you that you could come to work with us 
Oh , I'm sorry , but I've just accepted another offer that I feel is more suitable to my needs 
I see 
Excuse me , sir 
What's the matter 
I heard that we will call at some ports on the way . Is that true 
Yes 
Where will we call at 
Dalian 
Dalian is my hometown 
Really 
Can I get off the ship and walk around 
Sorry . I'm afraid you couldn't 
Do I have to talk to the interviewer or just leave my application 
You should communicate with the interviewer whose company you are interested in , and make a good impression on him or her . In that case , your chance of success will be greater 
What should I do in the fair 
You should take a look at all the companies , choose your favorite ones , go over to talk with the interviewer and leave your resume in the end 
I have a question about my payment and need someone to help me 
Yes , I would be happy to answer a question about payment . What do you need help with 
I can ’ t figure out why my paycheck this week is smaller than last week ’ s 
Did you generate any income during that time period 
I made a little bit of money , but not much 
Did that income show up on your last Continued Claim Form 
I claimed the work I did on the last Continued Claim Form 
When you are able to find work and get paid , we always take away part of your check 
That being the case , I don ’ t think that I am going to show the income next time 
Don ’ t do it ! If you get caught making false statements , you can have your claim closed 
Next please ! Hello sir , may I see your passport please 
Yes , here you go 
Will you be checking any bags today 
Yes , I ’ d like to check three pieces 
I ’ m sorry , sir . Airline policy allows only two pieces of checked luggage , at twenty kilograms each , plus one piece of carry-on luggage . I will have to charge you extra for the additional suitcase 
What ? Why ! I am taking an intercontinental flight ! I ’ m flying sixteen thousand CMS ! How am I supposed to only take two , twenty kilo bags ? That ’ absurd 
I am sorry , sir , there ’ s nothing I can do . You cannot board the flight with that large bag either.Carry - on bags must fit in the over-head compartment or under your seat . That bag is clearly too big 
Now I see . You charge next to nothing for an international ticket , but when it comes to charging for any other small thing , you charge an arm and a leg ! So tell me , miss , how much will I have to pay for all of this 
Let ’ s see ... six hundred and twenty-five US dollars 
That ’ s more than my round-trip ticket 
Where are you off to 
The movies 
You have worked in your present company for five years 
Yes , I do 
Why do you want to resign 
As you know I serve as a secretary in my present company , I really want to look for a more challenging opportunity 
What kind of work are you interested in 
Just as you advertised in the newspaper 
So you are interested in our company 
Yes , what's more , your company is one of the largest and best trading companies in this line of business 
Excuse me 
Yes , Miss , what can I do for you 
I ordered my dish about a half an hour ago , but it hasn't arrived yet 
I'm sorry for that , I'm going to check with the chef right now . Miss , I just checked with the kitchen , and they said your order will be coming right up next . Oh , here comes 
Thank you 
Miss , I'm very sorry for the delay , please enjoy this . Free a glass of wine for inconvenience . Again I'm terribly sorry to make you wait so long 
It doesn't matter 
Have a nice Thanksgiving 
The same to you 
Are you going anywhere 
I thought about going to my sister's . How about you 
Oh , I'll probably just stay at home 
Good morning , Kevin 
Morning , Lee . How are you 
Very well , thank you 
Hi , Michelle . Do you need to use the photocopier 
Oh , hi Jeremy . No please , go ahead . So how are you , Jeremy ? I was talking to Linda about you only last week 
Oh , I'm fine , thanks . I'm super busy with work actually . Did you hear about the Lawson contract 
No , tell me more 
Well , I was discussing the contract with Bill and he said that they met the head of Lawsons last week 
And 
And hopefully they are going to confirm the deal on Wednesday , fingers crossed 
That's great news , Jeremy . Congratulations ! Anyway , I must get back , but give my regards to your wife Monica 
I will , Michelle . Speak to you soon 
Hello , I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure 
Usually it's 60 dollars for a manicure , and 80 dollars for a pedicure . But with this special discount , the total for both is only one hundred and 20 dollars , and you can get them painted 
That's nice . I'd like to give it a try . I think I like passion red . please 
Alright.Do you want your cuticles cut , too 
No 
Would you like the shapes square or round 
Square . But with round at the edges , please 
All right , it's done . Please follow me to the drying section 
How long will it take to get them dry 
Ten or about five minutes . You'll be all set 
I see , thank you 
Hello , sir . Have you anything to declare 
This is my first tourism . I don't know what should be declared 
OK . Please open your luggage , and I'll tell you what you should declare 
All right . Here you are 
You should declare the camera and the film . Do you have alcohol 
Yes , I have got some special local product , I want to take them for my friends 
How many bottles have you got with you 
Four bottles 
I'm sorry . According to the regulations , a passenger can only take two bottles on to the aircraft . So you cannot take so many 
What shall I do with my two more bottles 
You may give them to your friends who come to see you off . This is the Customs Declaration Form . Please fill in it . And then you can go through the other formalities . Be sure to keep the form safe 
All right , thank you , see you 
See you . Have a good journey 
While you are thinking about what you might like to order for dinner , would you like to order your drinks 
Can you tell me where your wine list is 
The wine list is posted right there on the board 
Can we order a mixed drink in this restaurant 
Yes , we have a wide selection of mixed drinks available from our bar 
Do you have any house specials that you could recommend 
Our most popular drinks are our Cuervo Gold margaritas 
That sounds like a good choice for me . May I have one , please 
Can I bring that to you on the rocks , or would you like it blended 
Please bring it to me on the rocks 
Salt or no salt 
I would like it with no salt , please 
Excuse me , I've been waiting here for 10 minutes . Do you know how often does No . 636 run 
It runs every 15 minutes . You must have missed it 
It seems you got here at good time . Do you have a bus schedule 
Yes , I do . You can buy a bus schedule in a news stand 
I see , thank you . By the way , is this the right bus for the Museum 
Yes , it is 
Do I have to change 
No . The Museum is the terminal of this bus 
Thanks a lot 
You are welcome 
I want a doggy bag , waiter 
Sure . How do you like your meal today 
Quite good . It was the most wonderful dinner I have ever had 
I am glad you like it . Welcome next time 
Hi , Lucy 
Hi.It ' s a wonderful wedding , isn't it 
Yes , It's very great 
Mary's father is a rich man , isn't he 
You are right , Mary's father is responsible for the entire wedding-arrangement , costs , etc . I think he must spend much money 
Will Mary and her husband be ready to leave for their honeymoon 
Yes.Look ! Mary is going to throw the bride bouquet 
Oh , I'll try to catch it 
We can go to the cinema or say at home watching TV , what's it to be 
As far as I'm concerned , staying at home is more comfortable than going to the movies 
Thanks , dear . I feel so tired after a whole day's work 
Hello , is that Mr . Li 
Yes , speaking . What can I do for you 
I am calling to check your information before the interview . What position did you apply 
I am applying for the waiter in your pub 
Excuse me . Could you slow down a little ? I couldn't catch you 
Sure . I will try my best to slow down 
Hoo , I'm getting tired , Jeanine , been a long day 
I'm not quitting yet . You know my favourite slogan , don't you 
Yeah , I know . Shop till you drop 
Right 
I'm getting a little short on cash . Let's just window shop a little 
Ok 
Hey , Jeanine , get a load of that . It's beautiful 
Ahahah , and I thought you were tired 
You know .. I have a weakness for long dresses 
It sure looks special , looks expensive too 
Sure does . Hey , can I sponge a little cash of you 
Don't worry , Mary , I've got you covered 
Thanks , Jeanine , you are a real pal . Let's go in 
Excuse me , can I use your computer to type my paper 
No problem 
I am afraid I can't finish typing it this afternoon . When will you use it tonight 
Oh , Never mind , I finished my paper . So you can use it tonight 
Thanks a lot 
I was supposed to meet with you at half past one 
Yes , I see . What did you need to see me about 
There's a problem with my schedule 
What's the problem 
Two of my classes occur at the same time 
Well , I can see that's a problem 
Is it at all possible for you to fix that error 
Yes , I can . Would you still like to have both of these classes 
I want to keep both of them , if that's possible 
Well , let me find you one of these classes on a different day 
Thanks a lot 
I've brought a little dog for Alice , girls usually like looking after pets 
Thank you , but Alice is only a visitor here . I don't know if she'll keep it 
To tell you the truth , the dog isn't my real reason for coming . I want to ask Alice if she'd like to be my girlfriend 
Really 
I hear that Helen does not relate very well to her husband 
Unbelievable ! I remember her husband is her former classmate . They fell in love with each other in college 
So what ? Things have changed 
How may I help you . sir 
I'm wondering if anyone has turned in a train ticket . I just lost my ticket for Beijing tonight 
Let me see . I'm sorry . Nothing's been turned in . Do you want to buy another one 
Yes . If I don ' t make it to Beijing tomorrow morning . my wife would kill me . How much does it cost 
150 yuan for hard seats 
Fine 
Sir 
Where is my wallet ? Someone has stolen my wallet 
Where on earth are we 
Judging by all the traffic , I'd say we're near the outskirts of the city 
What did I do wrong ? Did I take a wrong turn 
I'm not sure , but I think you turned right when you should have turned left on the flyover bridge 
Well , now we should turn back a few kilometres 
It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map 
Well , we've finally put the finishing touches on the training programs for next year . Here's a report showing the projected costs as well as the expected return on investment 
Return on investment ? How can you have a return on this kind of investment ? Can you really calculate the value of these training programs 
Sure ! It's not a real figure , of course . It's just an estimate based on rehiring costs , and the potential lost revenue that results from incompetence 
Wow ! I'm impressed . So , what's in the cards for future training ? Will it be in-house or off-site 
A little of both . We'll have a few daylong sessions for things like business writing skills and software training . Those are available to everyone . We also have a variety of other programs
Yes , I see that here ... continuing education for the IT department , a time management course for accounting , and team building for sales . Anything planned for HR 
A holiday , I hope ! No , really , we are looking into some courses on motivational techniques . We'll add them to the list when we choose a lecturer 
I need to get to PCC , but I don't know which bus to catch 
Where exactly are you coming from 
I'm coming from Fair Oaks and Las Flores Drive in Altadena 
Do you have a problem walking a little bit 
I don't mind walking 
If you walk down Fair Oaks to Altadena Drive , you can catch the 267 
Tell me which direction it should be going 
Make sure to catch it going west 
Where do I get off 
You get off on Del Mar and Hill 
Thanks for your help 
Don't mention it 
I can ’ t believe Obama is our President 
I am proud to know that he is our President 
You voted for him , right 
Did you vote for him , because I know that I did 
I did , too 
I have nothing but faith in Obama 
Really 
I ’ m sure he will help better America 
We do need some change in this country 
Our country is already changing as it is 
You ’ re absolutely right 
I trust that he will take good care of our country 
What shall we do now 
Let's get the table wares we need first , And then stand in the line 
I've got all I need 
Let's stand in the line now 
It smells good . Look at these . They make my mouth watering 
Me too 
It will be our turn soon 
Tell the waiter what you want when it's your turn 
OK . I'll have many cream cakes today 
I don't like them . I think they are too icky 
Look ! I bought these shoes only three weeks ago and there is a hole in them already 
If that happen to me , I ’ ll take them back to the shop 
I did . But they said they won ’ t change them 
That ’ s terrible . But if they wouldn ’ t change them , I know what I would do 
may i ask you for a dance 
certainly , i love waltz very much 
you dance it very well . do you often go dancing 
a couple of times a week . i've got a regular dancing partner . he is really some dancer
Mrs . Wang , would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable 
As I said before , your price is so high that we find it difficult to make a bid . We hope you will take the initiative and bridge the gap 
Just to comply , we're ready to reduce the price by 5 percent . I hope this concession of ours will get the ball rolling 
So do we . Certainly it's a step forward on your side . But the gap is still too wide 
The ball is in your court , Mrs.Wang . What price would you suggest 
To make your offer workable , I think you should take another step down as big as the one you've just taken 
That won't do . You see , our profit margin is very narrow . It simply can't stand such a big cut 
I hate to disappoint you , Mr . Brown , but if that's the case , we have no alternative but to cover our requirements elsewhere . Do think it over , please . We sincerely hope our discussion will come to a successful conclusion 
Well , I'm not authorized to agree to such a big reduction . Would you mind waiting a day or two , until I get a reply from the home office 
Not at all . Shall we meet again , say , on Friday morning 
Good . Friday morning at 9 
Good evening Ms . Jackson . Fancy meeting ’ you here 
Hi , Clyde . This is my friend , Wen . She's visiting from UCLA 
Clyde Smith . Pleasure to meet you . May I treat you ladies to dinner 
OK ! I was just tellin ’ Wen about African-American food 
You weren't going to tell her about chitterlings and hog maws , were you ? Well , my Creole ancestors never ate that stuff . We have refined French tastes 
Hey ! That “ stuff ” is my grandma's cooking , and it's good 
What would you like to have in your breakfast , bread , egg or sandwiches 
Bread 
And milk or orange juice 
Orange juice 
What would you like for lunch , pork , mutton or beef 
I think mutton is best 
What kind of drink do you like most , red wine , beer or champagne 
I like champagne 
And among apples , oranges and bananas , which is your favorite 
Banana of course 
Do you always have meals outside or in your house 
I always have meals outside , because I ’ m not good at cooking 
What's the problem , sir 
I bought this toy gun from your store two weeks ago . My son played with it only twice and it broke 
Do you keep the receipt 
Yes , and I have the warranty , too 
What do you want me to do about it 
I'd like you to replace this one without charge if you can 
I am checking out . Here is the key to my room 
Thank you . I'll just print out your receipt , and then you're free to go . Here you go 
Thanks 
If you don't mind me asking , how did you enjoy your stay at New York Hotel 
This hotel could use some insecticide , but my time in New York was thoroughly delightful 
That's very honest of you . Rest assured that this hotel will have no insects next time 
Would you like to play golf with me 
I would like to . but I'm not good at it 
It doesn't matter . I will teach you 
That's great ! When will we go 
Borrow morning 
All right . What should I take 
Just take your golf club . I will pick you up Borrow 
Thanks . I will wait you at my home 
See you Borrow 
It is my first time coming to China . I want to buy something unique of China to my friends as gifts 
We have a great variety of Chinese antiques and porcelain . Do you like them 
Yes , I love them , but they are fragile . It is not convenient to take them 
You are right . How about paintings and embroidered handkerchiefs 
Sounds good . May I have a look 
Of course . These paintings have many designs , such as animals , flowers , landscape , aquatics and so on 
They are beautiful , but I can't understand the connotation in them . Let me see the handkerchiefs 
All right . Chinese embroidery is one traditional art with elaborate design and high quality 
Oh , I like the bamboo design . What is this 
This is a series of animals , called Chinese zodiac 
Good . So I will take three series and five bamboo ones 
OK , I will wrap them for you 
Excuse me . I am interested in getting a library card 
Sure , let me give you an application . You can fill it out right here at the counter 
OK , here it is 
Let me take a look at this for you . May I have your driver's license , please 
Here's my license and form 
You seem to have filled the form out all right . Are you familiar with our rules and fines 
Yes , I know what to do 
The hours and limitations are printed on the card and this handout 
OK 
Thank you for joining the library ; we look forward to serving you 
I really should be on my way 
Oh , not yet . At least have one for the road 
No , thanks all the same 
Well , I am sorry you have to leave so early 
Thank you very much . We really had a good time 
Well . Thank you for coming 
So see you 
Bye 
Hello ? Is this the Maintenance Department 
Yeah . That ’ s right . What can I do for you 
We ’ re having a lot of trouble with our printer . Could you come and take a look at it sometime this afternoon 
Let me see . Yeah , all right . I ’ ll be over about two 
Good morning ! My name is John White , import manager of the Garden Trading Company of New York 
Oh , how do you to Mr . White ? My name is Li Ming , here is my card 
Nice to meet you Mr.Li . We have learned about that you specialize in the export business of electronic products . As you enjoy the highest reputation in the commercial circle , we'd be please to enter into business relations with your firm 
We share the same desire . Have you seen the display of our products in the exhibition hall downstairs 
Yes , I had a look just now , I feel we can do a lot of business in this line 
Sure , we can . You know , we are been in the line for more than twenty years , and I think our price are competitive comparing with those in the world market 
Our company enjoys a history of more than twenty years , we have wide connection with wholesalers and retailers all over the America , and we have good reputation in the commercial circle 
Thank you for your information , we can hold more talks later on business details 
Sure 
Is that your phone 
Yes , it's my new business phone . Do you like it 
It's very impressive . Can you use the Internet on your phone 
Yes , it's got wireless Internet access 
That's really convenient . Does it have the Bluetooth 
Yes , but I don't really use it often . Have you ever used it 
No , but I think it'd be really great for people like you who are always on the go 
Yes , I guess I should try to use it 
The city has got a traffic problem 
That means it's developing very fast 
You said it 
Problems are inevitable 
How wonderful it is to be in love ! It's love at first sight ! Oh . he's my Romeo 
Hey , Julie . How's it going 
Oh , Mary . You've surprised me 
Who were you talking to 
Um — I was just thinking aloud 
You look so happy . I see a twinkle in your eyes 
Come off it , Mary 
Oh , you have a crush on someone , don't you ? Maybe those are wedding bells in your eyes 
You certainly do like teasing me , Mary . Well I'm in love with someone . The question is , how do I get his attention 
Well , that's easy . Walk up to him and kiss him 
I guess I asked the wrong person 
I need to buy some fruit 
All the fruit are pretty fresh here 
How much are the pears 
They're four yuan per kilo 
Give me one kilo of those , please . Do you have any fresh plums 
Yes , we do . They are eight yuan per kilo 
It's a bit too expensive . We can get it for six yuan in the shop next here 
Take much and you can have them six yuan per kilo 
Sounds reasonable . I'll take three kilos 
OK . It's 22 yuan
Here you are 
Bob , did you see our supervisor ? I need him to sign this paper 
He is in his office , but you'd better choose your words carefully while talking to him 
What's up 
Nothing . But he is in a bad mood today 
Thanks for the warning 
That's all right 
Ah , Bob . Just the person I wanted to see 
So what is it 
You gotta help me out this time , buddy 
Another tough thing , I guess 
I will be accompanying you on your tour today to visit our company . This is the assembly line . These drawings on the wall are process sheets . They describe clearly how each process goes on to the next step 
How many workers are there on the lines 
About 200 . They can assemble at least 3,000 computers every day 
Oh , it's highly efficient 
Yes , since I came to this company , I was told that high efficiency is essential for the further development 
How do you control the quality of the products 
Well , all products have to go through five checks in the whole process . We believe that the quality is the soul of an enterprise . There fore , we always put quality as the first consideration 
Yes , quality is even more than the quantity 
Mr . Chandler , this way please . I will show you a five-minute multivision about the history of our company 
Can we have a table for three , please 
Sorry , all the tables for three are reserved 
Do you have a table for four , please 
Yes , smoking or non-smoking 
We'd like a non-smoking table , please 
Come with me , please 
Nicole , your Fettucini is very ... unique 
But not as good as your mother's , right 
Actually , it's better ..
What ? Are you kidding 
No . It was the only dish she wasn't good at . So we could use you as the new head chef ..
Oh , Uncle Giovanni . That's wonderful ! Thank you ! Thank you 
OK , OK . Get back to work . There's someone waiting for you in the kitchen ..
Can I help you 
Yes , I want a pair of sport shoes , Jordan 
What size do you want 
Size 41 
Here you are 
They fit me . Can you make it a little cheaper 
It's already on sale now 
We have another traditional holiday-the Dragon Boat Festival 
When is it 
It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month 
Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals 
OK . The Dragon Boat Festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet named Quyuan . On that day , people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river 
Why do people eat rice cakes on that day 
In order to prevent the fish from eating the poet's body 
It sounds so moving 
Mr . Carmichael , this is Ellen Bower calling again . You had said I should call this week to schedule an interview with you 
That ’ s right , Ms . Bower . How are you ? I ’ m not sure if I ’ ll be able to fit you in this week , I ’ m afraid 
I understand , Mr . Carmichael . I ’ d be glad to make it some time next week 
All right , then . Why don ’ t we say next Tuesday at 11:30 a . m . 
Ladies and gentlemen , dear Mr . Simpson . Following the increasing communication between Unity Company and Pineapple Computer Company , we established steady cooperation . And today we all here feel very proud and honored to have Mr . Simpson with us . Mr . Simpson is well-known for his success and his career . So first of all , let me , on the behalf of all present here , extend our warm welcome and cordial greetings to our distinguished guest . Now let's invite Mr . Simpson to give us his speech 
I want to show my gratitude for your hospitality . And I believe me trip here will be meaningful and our cooperation will go deeper and stabler in near future . Through the communication , we can know more about each other . Thank you so much for your consideration 
Well , I also hope our cooperation will be never-ending . Thank you again 
Do you have any luggage 
Yes , a suitcase and carry-on 
Here's your boarding pass . Have a nice flight 
Thank you 
Do you like flowers 
Of course , I like flowers 
What's your favorite flower 
I like peach blossom , because I like spring 
Peach blossom is really beautiful 
Yes . How about you 
I like lotus 
You have a perfect taste 
But there aren't any lotus now 
Yes . It's snowing outside . Let's enjoy the plum blossoms 
That's not bad . Let's go 
Are you paid on a commission or salary basis now 
I'm paid on a salary 
What's your monthly salary 
At present I get 1,800 yuan per month 
How much do you hope to get a month here 
That's not the problem I care about . You can decide on my capacity and experience 
If we decide to hire you , we'd pay you two thousand and five hundred yuan a month at the start . You can have Saturdays and Sundays off . Besides , you may have a paid month holiday every year . How do you think about it 
Thank you , Mr . Brown . I really appreciate your assistance 
Ow 
What's the matter , Andy 
I slipped and fell downstairs 
Have you hurt yourself 
Yes , I have . I think that I've hurt my back 
Try and stand up . Can you stand up ? Here . Let me help you 
I'm sorry , Lucy . I'm afraid that I can't get up 
I think that the doctor had better see you . I'll telephone Dr Carter . The doctor says that he will come at once . I'm sure that you need an X-ray , Andy 
This is IBA Bank , Claire speaking , how may I help you 
Oh , hello , yes , arm ... I've just lost my bank stuff 
I'm sorry , could you be a little more specific 
You know my bank stuff . My card , my book ..
OK , I will have to take some details from you . Could you tell me your name , please 
Jim Chan . The account's in my name . Is that all you need to know 
Not quite , Sir . We will need to also know the account number , the deposited amount and your PIN number . You will also have to come in and fill out some forms 
John , I ’ Ve asked you not to smoke in here ! I don ’ t want to see you smoking in my office again 
I ’ m sorry , Ms . Fairbanks . I won ’ t let it happen again 
That ’ s what you said the last time ! If you want to smoke , you ’ ll have to use your break time and go outside 
I understand , Ms . Fairbanks 
How should we commemorate the centenary of the founding of the university ? We have been given quite a large budget to pay for some events 
We should certainly hold a big party for the professors and students . We could have a firework display 
Do you think that we should invite alumni and former professors 
If we do , too many people might attend . Perhaps we should invited all of them , but make a small charge to attend 
Good idea . We should also hold a series of presentations . We could have presentations on the history of the university , the courses we offer , and our links with other universities 
Good idea ! I think we could also have presentations by former students on how their experience here helped them in their lives 
We could have another on the successes of graduates from here 
I think that we could also produce some merchandise for the centenary-you know , T-shirts , mugs , plates , pens , and things like that 
That ’ s an excellent idea . Hopefully , we would be able to make a profit ! A few professors and students are writing a book on the history of the university 
I ’ m looking forward to reading that . We could have book signings by famous professors an alumni 
A group of students from the art and music faculty are producing a short film 
I ’ m sure that will be very popular .. OK , let ’ s think about how we can put these ideas into practice 
Why didn ’ t you call me last night 
Because I went out 
Why didn ’ t you phone me from a callboy 
I didn ’ t have any change 
Tell me why you didn ’ t come to see me tonight then 
I don ’ t like all your questions . That ’ s why 
Welcome to IBA . What can we do for you 
It's a bit of a problem situation , actually ... you see , our company has a Corporate Account with you , but unfortunately , we've been experiencing cash flow problems recently 
I'm sorry to hear that . We value all of our customers , regardless of circumstances . What can we do to help 
We are going to need a loan . I'm not sure what loan is suitable for us , though 
If you think it will be very short-term , I would recommend you go with the 60 - day loan . Then it can be paid back quicker , so you won't have to consider it in the future 
That seems like a good idea , it's for wages , you see 
John , I was talking to the travel agent about where we might be taking our vacation this year 
I am going fishing in Alaska with my friend , Mark 
What are you talking about 
What's wrong with heading out with Mark for vacation 
You and I have been together for a whole year , and our vacation time should be about the two of us 
Really ? Who made that rule up 
With that attitude , I don't really think we have much more to discuss here 
That works for me 
Can I still catch T107 for Xiamen 
Sorry , sir . The train has already left 
That's too bad . Can I take another train 
Yes . Your ticket is valid for three days 
That's great ! I will take the next train 
You have to have your ticket checked 
Shall I pay extra charge 
No extra charge at all . But your berth will be invalid 
Is the view going to be ok 
Don ’ t worry , you did a good job and it should be fine 
I ’ ll do my best 
That ’ s the way to go 
Mary , I heard you moved again 
Yeah . I could not stand living here . There is always much noise in the neighborhood 
You mean noise ? How could it be 
You know , on weekends when we wanted to have late rise in the morning , our neighbour started to raise Cain 
Mary , this is your homeroom . It's 213 . Remember that 
What's a homeroom 
You sit in there , listen to the morning announcement with other kids , and then you go to your classes 
Cindy , I'm scared 
But I have to go to my homeroom 
Do we have the same classes today 
No 
Do you think the school can put us in the same homeroom 
Stop worrying , Mary . You'll do just fine 
Excuse me , miss . I'm a transit passenger for Flight No . 207 . Can you tell me where to go 
Let me see . Your plane leaves from Gate 12 . You should go to Gate 12 to board your plane
Where's Gate 12 
Take the escalator over there and turn left , you'll see the sign 
Thank you very much 
I think mum should not take sides . After all , we are all her children 
But our younger sister is the apple of her eye 
It ’ s unfair 
Well , we can do nothing about it 
I'd like you to do me a favor 
What is it 
Can you mail this at the post office for me ? I have to go to the doctor for an appointment and I don't have enough time to go to the post office 
Sure . And I'd like you to get some cold medicine for me when you go to the doctor's 
Are you telling us a lie again 
I will be hanged if I lying 
All right . But what was the trouble 
My car run out of petrol 
The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get 
No idea . Your guess is as good as mine 
It better be more than last year 
Well , anything is better than nothing . Wait and see 
Check out , sir 
Yes , would you please call me a taxi first 
No problem.How would you like to pay 
Credit card please . Here you are 
Hello ! How do I get more amenities 
I'm sorry , sir . I'm not sure I understand 
I'm talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo 
Oh , I see . So , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities 
No , no . I've got plenty left 
Now I'm confused again ! What is the problem 
What am I going to do about souvenirs 
Oh , I get it ! You want souvenirs 
Yes , I've got enough soap for my use , but no extra soap for souvenirs 
Sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items , and as a guest you get a discount 
Please ! Free souvenirs are the only true souvenirs 
I understand completely , sir . Housekeeping will bring you souvenirs in just a moment 
Do you know who Ammo Hung is 
Of course . He is now 50 years old . And he started out studying alembics , singing , dancing and martial arts at the age of nine , and has tarred in 140 kung fu films . He has also become an independent producer and director 
You know only one aspect of him . Do you know what he would do in the kitchen 
I have no idea . Tell me 
In the kitchen , with his wife by his side he still puts on quite a dinner time show 
What does he do there 
Imagine a chef chopping vegetables on fast forward . Picture a man making a stir-fry , tossing the mixture up in the air , and then catching it , every last bit , in his work . And his culinary motto is ' Enjoy the moment . ' If you want to know hey theycook , visit www.StudioClassroom.com.tw for the recipe 
What colour is her hair 
Oh , blonde , she's very blonde ... quite short hair ..
What , curly 
No , not at all . Very straight . Her hair comes down like this ... just over the ears 
Does she wear glasses 
No ... no . I think you're thinking of someone else 
No . I'm sure I know her 
Er ... what else can I tell you ? Er ... she's got ... er a ... round face , a very round face , and a very big mouth , sort of wide mouth , when she laughs , her face is all mouth 
Ah ... No , I can't place her 
Hello , sir . Can I help you 
Yes . I want to apply for a job you posted on the Internet yesterday 
What ’ s the job title 
Service Technician . How can I apply for this position 
You need to fill out an Application Form 
Where is it 
It is on the desk over there . Be sure to fill out everything . Don ’ t leave any blank spaces . When you ’ re done bring the application to me 
Okay . Thanks 
Good afternoon 
Hi , how are you doing 
Fine , thanks . I am Wang Lin 
Glad to meet you , Wang Lin . I am Mary 
Is this your first time in Beijing 
Yes . My company has an office here , and I have just been transferred 
Here is my phone number . If you need anyone to show you around , call me 
Great . I would like that 
Haven't run into you for ages 
It really is.You ' Ve changed so much 
Really 
Sir , how can I help you 
I'd like a one-inch photo for my interview 
OK , please take a seat . Look at here . Head up . Done 
I want to fetch them in 3 days 
Can you tell me where I can park 
Are you driving a motorcycle or an automobile 
I drive an automobile 
Fine . You can either park in the student lot or on the street . Do you know what a handicapped space is 
Yes , I have seen those spots 
Well , when you see the blue spots with the handicapped logo , do not park there unless you have a special permit . Are you going to be parking in the daytime or the evening 
I park in the evenings 
Then you also need to be aware of the time limits on the street signs . Have you seen those signs 
Yes , I have seen those signs 
The signs always tell you how long you can park there and on what days . Do you know how to read the curb colors 
Yes , I know what the curb colors mean 
Well , just as long as you realize that red means no parking and white means loading and unloading , I think you know what you need to know 
Mike ! What's going on , man ! Long time no see 
Hey , Pat ! Yeah , I haven ’ t seen you in ages ! How is going 
Things doing great ! It ’ s funny running into you like this . Smell well , just last week I ran into Matt as well 
Yeah ? How ’ s he doing 
He ’ s doing well . We went out for a couple of beers and the funniest thing happened 
Oh yeah 
Well , we were talking and catching up on what we ’ Ve been doing , talking about work and family , when all of a sudden , Matt saw a mouse run under his chair and he completely lost it ! He started freaking out , and screaming ..
Ha ha , really 
Yeah , and the funniest thing was , that he jumped on to his chair and started shrieking like a girl . You had to be there ! Everyone was staring and laughing ... it was hilarious 
What kind of account do you prefer ? Checking account or savings account 
I would like to open a checking account 
Ok , please just fill out this form and show us your ID card 
Here you are 
Tell me about how you work here 
We work in teams . There are about four to six people in each team . I'm training to be a team leader . Each team member is responsible for the quality of the goods we produce . We are multi-skilled so we can rotate jobs . I like that . It stops the work getting boring 
Do you like our new history teacher 
I'm fed up with his endless talking 
You can't say that ! He's a very knowledgeable person 
I can't see it 
How ’ s the food 
It ’ s pretty good 
Well I don ’ t think so . I don ’ t like it at all 
I ’ m afraid you ’ re being too particular about your food 
I eat dog food when my parents are out 
We ’ re in the same boat ! I ’ Ve eaten fast food the whole week . I hate it now 
Poor us ! All this junk food lacks nutrition 
Let ’ s dine out tonight for a change 
Good idea 
Good morning . Vane Theater , at your service 
Hello . I'm thinking about watching a Chinese traditional opera with a foreign girl . What's on this weekend 
Well , there will be charity performance on Saturday night . And also , there will be a solo concert by an opera star on Sunday night 
It's a good thing that I have choices here . Can you tell me about the one on Saturday 
Sure . It's to raise money for the homeless 
What about the performance itself 
Oh , it's a reserved opera named The Monkey Creates Havoc in Heaven 
Wow , a story about the clever Monkey King . It's a classic and children's favorite 
It surely is . And the cast is really the best 
Wonderful ! How much is the ticket 
The price varies according to the seats . 300 for the front , 200 for the middle , and 50 for the back 
Hello . May I help you 
Yes , please . I've been here for nearly two months , but I still haven ’ t found a job . Do you think you can find one for me 
Don ’ t worry , we ’ ll try to help you . Will you please fill out this form 
What ’ s this form for 
This is for registration . After you have given us your personal details , we'll match these against new jobs as they come in . And we ’ ll contact you when there is a job that suits you 
That's great . But how long do I have to wait 
Maybe several weeks , maybe several months . It's hard to tell 
Oh , dear . How can I wait for such a long time 
Actually , many jobs are filled by people who select vacancies from the display boards there 
Then , what do you think I should do 
My advice is to keep looking for jobs yourself . Check the job boards at the job center regularly and check the newspapers daily . If you have friends or relatives here , ask them for help , too 
I see . Thank you very much for your advice . Bye 
Keep in touch 
Hello , is Jennifer in 
I am sorry , you have the wrong number 
Oh , I am really sorry 
Can you help me do an internet search 
Sure . What do you want to find 
I want to find information on the American Civil War 
Well , can you be more specific ? There are a lot of websites about that 
Yes , I want to know about the battle of Gettysburg 
O . K . Well , go to google.com , and type in “ Battle of Gettysburg . 
Oh wow , there are a lot of sites 
Here , try this one . It ’ s a good site about Gettysburg 
Thanks 
For detailed information , however , you should read a history book 
Thanks . If I ’ m interested , I ’ ll go to the library 
We are on the way to the Wall Street 
Excuse me , miss . What's the tour time we have 
2 hours and we will meet beside our bus . It's over there 
Got it . Thank you 
Who's that over here 
That's the new teacher 
What do you think of the teacher 
She's very nice 
What does she teach 
English , of course 
Is she your teacher 
Yes . She teaches our class three times a week 
Can she speak Chinese to her students 
Not very much 
It's a good thing you can speak English 
I'm taking a date to a restaurant , so could you please direct me to a good one 
But of course ! How much are you thinking of spending on dinner 
She deserves nothing but the best , of course 
In that case , I would suggest our own hotel restaurant . The chef , the food , and the service are outstanding 
I promised her I would take her out to a restaurant . Do you have another one in mind 
You can always go to Gramercy Tavern . It's quite popular , despite its expensive entrees 
Great food and lots of patrons ? What more could I want ? Please reserve a table for me 
Yes , sir . You're going to have a great time 
OK ... well , then how much is one jin 
Ginseng comes in 6 different grades . It runs from 5,000 to 30,000 NT a jin 
30,000 NT for ginseng ? ! Do I have to buy a whole jin 
You can get a liang if you want . A liang is one-sixteenth of a jin . That would be 330NT 
Whew ! That sounds more like my price range . I'll take two liangs 
I'll have my brother cut some for you 
This little red fruit looks good . What's it good for 
That's a lucky fruit called hong zat ! People say that if you eat them , you will have your first son very soon 
Uh ... , I'm not even married yet . How about this brown dried fruit 
Gui yuan are lucky , too ! If you eat them , you'll have a very sweet life 
And how about these little brown chips 
Oh , that's deer horn . That helps you ... umm , how should I put it 
I'm going to need a taxi 
You don't have to restrict yourself to a taxi . We can offer you a private vehicle 
A private vehicle , huh ? No , a taxi is okay 
Some people find a limo to be much more comfortable than a taxi 
No , I wouldn't be caught dead in a limo 
No upgrade of any kind . And where might you be going 
I'm headed to Rockefeller Center 
When shall I tell the taxi to be here 
Right now 
The taxi will be here immediately , sir 
Good , I'm leaving my room in about one minute 
You won't have to wait a second , sir 
Why not go to the supermarket today , the coupon will be past due in three days 
Sure . Can we use it in Today Supermarket 
Let me check . Yes , we can 
I really don't know what to buy 
Do you like traveling 
Yes . I ’ Ve just come back from Scotland 
Where did you visit 
I only had time to visit Edinburgh 
How did you like it 
It ’ s fantastic 
Where did you go there 
I went to there on business 
And do you have friend there 
Yes , a lot of friends 
You must enjoy yourself 
Yes . And I took many pictures 
Oh , my god . I am so heavy now . I gain 10 kilos 
I am going to the gym . Do you want to come with me 
I think I should go . I really need to lose some weight 
Then , I'll wait for you at the car park in 20 minutes 
0K.See you then 
Do you have your member card with you 
Nope , I do not have a membership yet 
Well I have a guest ticket . You can use it 
That is so nice of you . If I like the service and the training equipment , I think I well join the club 
Who broke my chair 
It wasn't me 
Excuse me , are you Jane 
No , I'm Mary 
Oh , are you in Class Four 
No , I'm in Class There 
Do you sometimes feel overwhelmed by your work 
Of course ! It is the No . 1 stressor in my life . You know job stress has become a very common problem these days . So we must learn to cope with it 
Totally agree . What is your solution 
Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy 
You seem to have a very relaxed outlook 
It is necessary . Positive attitude helps to prevent stress 
But I don ’ t think we can change our working condition . Anyway , we are not the bosses 
I heard some companies are providing stress management training and making changes inside them , like avoiding unrealistic deadlines and organizing relaxation activities . Our boss is a smart person . He will be learning from that if he would like to an efficient and healthy team 
I have a resume here 
What's your name , please 
David , Chou 
Oh , yes Mr.Chou . We have been looking forward to this 
These are all my personal documents about my education and working experience you asked for . And I have to be off for an important meeting now . If you think I am right for the job , please keep me informed 
Ok , I will call you if you give me your name card 
I am sorry , but I don't have one with me right now 
In that case , just tell me your phone number 
It's 687 3452 
Is your website address ' www . zhilian . com . CN ' 
Not exactly . Our address is ' www . zhilian-zhaopin . com . CN ' 
I am sorry , could you repeat it please 
Of course . The website is ' www . zhilian - zhaopin . com . CN ' 
I'm looking for a gift for my daughter 
How about a laptop 
Yes , she needs something to help her at school 
How about a Mac 
That sounds good . How much is one 
Our newest 15 - inch Pro is only $ 2,100 
Only $ 2,100 ? Okay , let me have one 
That's great . Will that be cash , check , or credit card 
Let me dig my VISA out of my purse 
Okay , if you'll just sign here , please 
Do I need to buy anything else 
All she has to do is open the box and follow the instructions 
Thank you so much 
Thank you . If you have any problems , just call 
Which service offered by your bank do you use most 
I use several services . Of course , I deposit and withdraw money quite often . I often use my ATM card to take money out of my current account . I use my bank to exchange money from one currency to another . I often travel abroad , you see 
Do you ever ask you bank for traveller ’ s cheques ? They are much safer than carrying lots of cash around 
I sometimes use traveller ’ s cheques , but sometimes I travel to countries where they are hard to exchange for cash 
Do you use your bank to pay your utility bills ? I use direct debit 
Yes , I do . It save me a lot of time . I also have standing orders for my subscriptions to magazines 
That ’ s good idea . You don ’ t need to worry about missing an issue of a magazine if you do that . I suppose you have a mortgage too 
Yes . My bank offers very good terms and conditions on mortgage . There ’ s a lot of competition between banks nowadays . Each one is trying to offer better conditions and services than the others 
I have a deposit account with my bank . There are some restrictions on withdrawing money , but the interest rate is much higher 
I don ’ t have one . I prefer to buy shares . My bank also provides a share trading service . It ’ s cheap and easy to use 
That ’ s great . But I prefer to put my money somewhere where the returns are more certain 
Darling , I am back . What are you doing 
I am washing clothes . Are you hungry now ? Wait for a moment , I'll cook dinner for you . ( Steven bends his brows 
B , should we get a maid 
I can do all the housework . We don't need a maid 
You have worked very hard in the office . If we can get someone to help you , you can have more rest 
We really don't need to 
You are a good wife , Julia . But you must take care of yourself 
Give me some time to think about it 
Good afternoon , Miss Qi 
Good afternoon.It ' s very nice to see you again 
How are you feeling today 
I'm much better.The stomachache is gone , and the doctor is about to give me another endoscope examination to see whether the ulcer has healed 
That's good.Well , these are for you . I hope you will like them 
How beautiful they are ! Thank you so much 
I've also brought some magazines for you . I hope they'll keep you from getting bored while you're in the hospital 
You're so thoughtful 
It's time for me to leave . I hope you will recover soon.See you later 
Thank you for coming.Good - bye 
Hey , young lady , get back here and have some breakfast 
Dad ! I don't have time ! I'll be late for school 
You won't make it through the day without breakfast 
Dad , I never eat breakfast 
Breakfast is brain food . Maybe that's why your grades are Suffering 
Uh ! Dad 
Don't ' Uh , Dad ' me . Sit down and have some lovely breakfast 
Alright . You win . Please pass the brain food 
How do you get along with your co-workers 
I get along pretty well with most of them 
So how do you develop good relationships in the office 
I think the key point is to be considerate of your co-workers ' feelings and needs and make a good working environment 
I think you ’ re right , but it does seem that there are always a few coworkers that are harder to work with than others 
Tony , could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job 
Working hours are from 8: 30 a . m . to 5:00 p . m . Be sure not to be late or absent . Report to the manager by filling in the ' Monthly Report ' every month 
Is there anything else ? How about my salary 
Our company has a strict and reasonable salary standard . On the 20th day of every month , you can get your salary on time . Benefits depend upon the length of service and the employee's past attendance record 
Wow , thank you for telling me these . Do you mind telling me something else , like attendance record , holiday , and how to ask for leave 
All new members are likely to ask the same questions . Haha . I can understand that . Every month you have three days off , besides the weekends and some important holidays . After you've been here for a year , you qualify for a one-week vacation . The leave less than a half-day should predict for an hour , and more than a half-day should predict three days 
Okay , that's good . I get it 
You guys are charging me $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw 
Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening 
Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night 
Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please 
I knew you'd see it my way 
Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill 
Am I in the Twilight Zone ? You're charging me for a movie I never saw 
Please don't blame me , sir . Blame the computer programmer 
This is highway robbery . I've got a good mind to call the police 
If it makes you feel any better , other guests feel the same way 
Miss Wang , how do you do ? I ’ m Allan James , the director of human recourse department of this company 
How do you do , Mr . James ? Thank you for asking me to come in 
Not at all . Please sit down , then we can begin 
Thank you 
As you know , Miss Wang , we are looking for an executive secretary with business background and good English skills . We looked into your resume and thought you might be a good candidate 
Thank you 
Today ’ s interview is for us to get to know a little about you . And the interview will last a little bit longer . So , if you ’ re comfortable , I want to ask you some questions 
This room is unfit for humans . I want another room , and I want a refund for tonight 
Perhaps if you would be kind enough to tell me the problem , sir 
In a word , cockroaches 
Oh , no , are they back ? I'll give you another room immediately , sir , and a refund for tonight 
Thank you . I'm glad that you don't believe that your guests are liars 
Sir , without happy guests , we are nothing 
Did you play football yesterday 
Yes , I played with Tony and John 
What did you do after you'd played football 
We all went swimming 
Are you going swimming again this afternoon 
No , we aren't . We're going to help Mr Smith to plant some flowers 
Are you helping him all afternoon 
Yes , we are . We can neither play football nor do our homework today 
You're , going to be very busy 
Yes , we certainly are . But Mr Smith is going to pay us for all the work we'll do 
How can I help you 
Yes , I would like to look at some of your products 
Did you have anything specific in mind 
Well , to be honest , I mostly use Sarah Winter products now.But I'm not happy with them . So I would like to change companies 
Well , you made a good choice . Coming to us , I mean.We have a full range of products from cosmetics to skin cleansers and moisturizers 
What do you have in foundation 
Our foundation is very high quality . Only the finest ingredients.It will moisturize your skin and it has a sun block rating of 8 
What colors do you have in foundation 
Let me show you.We have this rose color . We also have different shades of beige 
The color I use now is rose.How much does this rose foundation cost ? The 100ml bottle 
In this size , we sell it for 53.95 
Wow ! That's expensive 
What you're paying for , Ma'am , are the ingredients.It is a very high quality product 
I understand . I need some mascara too.Do you have a good thickening mascara 
Of course . Here is our thickening mascara.We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes 
Alright . And I want to consider your eye shadow too.Do you have a color chart I can look at 
We have a very wide selection of colors.And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin.So it is very gentle on your eyelids . Would you like to sample some 
Oh , sure . I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first 
I can help you with that 
Thank you 
Can I help you 
Yes , is there any vacant room for tomorrow 
I am sorry . We are full up for tomorrow 
Well , is there any other hotel nearby 
Yes , the Sunset Hotel is three blocks away . Maybe you can ask them 
Thank you 
Hi ! How are you going 
Fine , thank you . How are you doing this morning 
Not bad . How about you ? Haven't seen you for a long time 
Yes . I've been to New York . I got back only yesterday 
Did you enjoy yourself 
Very much . New York is such a nice place . Shall I show you some photographs 
Thanks , I like looking at photographs . How nice ! Oh , I'm afraid I must be going now . I've got an appointment . Have a good day 
You too . I hope to see you soon . Goodbye 
Goodbye 
Bother the flies 
Where do they come from 
I don't know . Something rotten here 
I can't see it 
What's the score 
The Ukraine team took the lead by 3 to 1 at the end of the first half 
The Russian team needs to tie the Ukraine to get the pass for the final 
It doesn't seem to be so easy 
Hi , Madam , I'm new here , could you tell me where is boarding gate 
What's your flight number 
Wait a second , please . Oh , it's CA193 
Are you a transfer passenger , sir 
Yes 
Then the north line is the right track for you to take 
It's so nice of you 
Hey ! A real cook gets down and dirty . Besides , I think I look good covered in baking mix ..
What concoction are you making 
Well , your making cinnamon toast inspired me to go out and buy a waffle maker 
Awesome ! I'm in heaven . Let me help . They're so easy 
I know . You just add milk , eggs and a little oil to the baking mix and stir ..
And then you just pour the batter into the waffle iron ..
When I quarrel with my husband . He didn't even try to cool me out 
It takes two to make a quarrel and it takes two to mend fences 
I was so angry that I could not keep cool . What I need is just an apology 
Are you free tonight 
Yes , I am . What's wrong 
Would you please go to a dancing party with me 
OK . No problem 
As a matter of fact , I haven't danced for a long time 
But it's said that you dance wonderfully well 
Thanks for flattering me . I think you dance a lot , right 
No . Just occasionally 
What are your favourite dances 
I love rumba and waltz 
How about samba 
To tell the truth , I don't like it . It's too fast 
Then I'll see you at six . Is that all right 
OK . See you then 
See you then 
Hi ! I'm happy you could make it 
Well , I've been looking forward to seeing you 
What can I get you 
I'd love a gin and tonic 
I have here our price sheet on a F . O . B . basis . The prices are given without engagement 
Good , if you ’ ll excuse me , I ’ ll go over the sheet right now 
Take your time 
I can tell you at a glance that your prices are much too high 
I ’ m surprised to hear you say so . You know that the cost of pro - duction has been skyrocketing in recent years 
We only ask that your prices be comparable to others . That ’ s reasonable , isn ’ t it 
Well , to get the business done , we can consider making some concessions in our price . But first , you ’ ll have to give me an idea of the quantity you wish to order from us , so that we may adjust our prices accordingly 
The size of our order depends greatly on the prices . Let ’ s settle that matter first 
Well , as I ’ Ve said , if your order is large enough , we ’ re ready to reduce our prices by 2 percent 
When I say your prices are much too high , I don ’ t mean they are higher merely by 2 or 3 percent 
How much do you mean then ? Can you give me a rough idea 
To have this business concluded , I should say a reduction of least 10 percent would help 
Impossible . How can you expect us to make a reduction to that extent 
I think you are as well - informed as I am about the market for chemical fertilizers . It ’ s unnecessary for me to point out that sup - ply exceeds demand at present and that this situation is apt to continue for a long time yet . May I suggest that you call your home office and see what they have to say 
Very well , I will 
Can you fix me a cup of tea , Johnny 
Well ... uh ... how about a glass of juice instead 
No . I'd like tea . Can you put it in my favorite cup ? You probably washed it ..
Oh , yeah . Well , uh , about your mug ..
I'll find it ... Where are all the floral pattern plates ? And dad's Yankee's mug 
May I help you 
Could I check out this book 
Let me see your library card 
I need to get one 
You can apply for one right now , if you ’ d like 
Okay . Let me do that right now 
Could you fill out this application 
I ’ m finished . Here you go 
Could you please sign the back of the card 
All right 
That ’ s it 
Now may I check this book out 
When you told your mom you would be home around 2 am , She must have a cow 
You are right . My mum must be crazy 
John Li's Office , this is Jenny , may I help you 
Is Mr Li in 
Yes , but let me check if he's available 
Ok 
Excuse me ? Is this where I register ? I ’ d like to sign up for my courses for next semester 
Yes , of course . I need your student ID please 
Here you are 
Okay , Susan . It says here that you are a business major and you are in your second year . Is this information correct 
Yes . I do want to take some additional credits this year to get a minor in psychology 
Sure.That ’ s not a problem.Do you have the list of courses you want to taketh semester 
Yeah . Here ’ s my list . I ’ m not sure if the class schedule will allow me to take all of them though 
Yeah , that ’ s perfect . What about the subjects for your minor 
Oh yeah ! Almost forgot ! I need to take fundamental linguistics , consumer psychology and neuroanatomy 
Wow , you are going to be busy this semester ! Okay , here you go . You are registered now . you ’ ll have to make your first tuition payment before classes start 
Good morning , sir . May I help you 
Good morning . I need a new identification card 
Why 
My ID card is lost 
OK , did you bring your household register or residence booklet 
I only have my household register 
It doesn't matter , they are the same thing 
Here you are , sir . What do I do next 
OK , I will register you in our database system . What's your name , please 
Benjamin 
Please get a mug shot in the next room 
I've brought with me some of old ones 
But we need them taken with digital cameras 
OK , what's next then 
That's all . Come here a week later and get your ID card 
But his wife has wide relations . You may ask her for advice 
Stop talking about her . She gives me goose bumps . I never wish to be in her sight 
She is pretty . Many men praise her highly 
Many people , many tastes . She looks pretty , but the way she speaks gives you goose bumps . I feel sick of it 
Man , that sunset is beautiful . I ’ Ve never seen one so red 
Yeah , it ’ s pretty nice , but its so red because of air pollution 
Really 
Yeah , the smog from all these cars gets into the air and turns the sunlight red 
I never knew that 
Yeah , more people need to take public transportation or carpool 
Well , we ’ Ve already done our part 
Yeah , it ’ s your turn to drive next week . Don ’ t be late picking me up 
Don ’ t worry . I ’ m getting more sleep these days . The baby ’ s finally growing up a little more 
Well , give me a call if you can ’ t make it for some reason 
Is my hair done yet 
Yeah , I just need to make the final touches 
How long until you're finished 
I'm finished . What do you think 
I like my hair so much 
Do you really 
It's beautiful 
Well , thank you very much 
How much is it for my hair 
You owe me $ 55 
Thanks for everything 
You are very welcome . Come back again 
What are you reading 
Oh , it ’ s the latest novel by ray blue . It ’ s a sic-fi thriller 
I thought he usually wrote horror books 
He does . He ’ s good at this genre too . It ’ s a captivating read 
We ’ re going to the bookshop . Would you like to join us 
Yes , I would . I need to buy a textbook for my course and , as you know , I love browsing through the latest paperbacks 
Me too . I need something to read on the flight to new york . I can never sleep on planes . Sarah wants to pick up some children ’ s books for her daughter 
I want to look at nelson Mandela ’ s autobiography 
This is sure to be a worthwhile read 
Hey , Rose , how are you feeling 
Much better today 
Oh , Look at the baby.It ' s so beautiful.Is it a boy or a girl 
It's a girl 
Can I hold it for a moment 
Sure.She is a peaceful child 
Oh , how adorable ! She's got your eyes 
So they say 
When are you returning home 
Well.The doctor said I have to remain here for at least two more days because I'm rather weak after childbirth 
You can use some time off.You ' Ve been working too hard anyway 
Does your company have a large population 
No , It is a middle-sized private company 
Do you have more than 200 employees in the company 
Yes , there are approximately three hundred people 
Hello , Mary . Why are you standing here in the cold wind 
I ’ m waiting for a bus and going for a walk in the park 
Going for a walk in such a cold weather 
I always like to go for a walk before a supper 
I see 
Would you excuse me 
For what 
I ’ Ve got a business call that I really need to take 
All right . I ’ ll call you back later 
Dad , when will you finish your cooking 
Several minutes 
So what should I do now 
Then , pass me a bowl for the soup 
Where's the bowl gone 
Look for it yourself , please ! Kinda busy here , Daniel 
Dad 
Check the drawer 
OK , got it , but its shape is so strange . I don't like it 
Can it hold soup 
Maybe 
It smells sweet . Mom and May are gonna love it . Get them for dinner , Daniel 
Mommy , dinner , please 
I'd love to continue this conversation , but I really need to go now . I have to get back to the office 
Well , let's get together soon 
Okay . Would you like to have lunch some day next week 
Sure . How about Monday 
Hmm . I'm afraid I can't make it on Monday . I've got to fly to Chicago on business 
Well unfortunately , I'm tied up on Tuesday . I'm supposed to have lunch with an important visitor from out of town , and I don't think there's any way I can get out of it.Are you free on Wednesday 
Wednesday ? Let me see . Hmm . Somehow I think I've already got something scheduled for Wednesday . Oh , yes ! I've got an appointment with my dentist to have my teeth cleaned , and it's essential that I keep it 
Well , I'm afraid Thursday is out for me . I'm expected to attend a meeting of our personnel committee , and it's very important for me to be there 
So that leaves Friday . I don't have any obligations or commitments on Friday.How about you 
Friday sounds good . Where should we meet 
You know , I really must be going now or I'll be very late . Can you give me a call tomorrow an we'll decide 
Excuse me , Mr . Emory ? Mr . Macmillan , would like to know if you have the completed schedule for next week 
Yes , I do , Susan . Just a moment . Here it is 
Thank you , sir . Sorry to trouble you 
Not at all , Susan . Just tell him to leave it with my secretary when he ’ s finished with it
What do we need for the barbecue 
Well , I ’ Ve bought a lot of meat . I ’ Ve got pork chops , small steaks , chicken wings and plenty of hot dog sausages and hamburger patties 
I can ’ t wait to start cooking . I ’ Ve bought the grill and charcoal.Do you have enough plates and utensils 
I think so . I bought some paper plates and cups for people to use.It will save on the washing up 
And if people drop them , they won ’ t break.We ’ ll need to buy some buns to make hot dogs and hamburgers 
They sell them at the shop around the corner.We can go and get some in a few minutes 
I brought some cheese to make cheeseburgers and some onions for the hot dogs.We ’ ll need some tomato catchup and some barbecue sauce 
I have the sauce , but remind me to get some catchup at the shop 
How long does it take to cook meat on the barbecue 
It only takes a few minutes.Some people like their meat well done , others like it rare.The great thing about the barbecue is that everyone can choose how they want their meat cooked 
They can cook them themselves to make sure exactly how they like it 
I hope you haven ’ t invited any vegetarians 
So do you think you can get to the office alone 
Sure , I ’ ll catch the train . If I can ’ t catch the train , I ’ ll get a taxi 
Do you think the taxi driver will understand you 
If he doesn ’ t understand me , I ’ ll show him the office address on my business card 
Ok but how will we know if you are going to be late 
I ’ ll call you if I ’ m delayed 
Jack , what do you think about the election 
I think the campaign is a blockbuster 
How many people have flung their hats into the ring 
Finally 100 candidates ran for one seat 
Who do you think will be elected 
It's hard to say . They all had an active campaign to round up the votes 
I think Mr . White would be elected , you know he has spent millions in this campaign and he blasted the opposition in his campaign speech 
Maybe . Who knows 
I love ice cream 
Really ? Me , too . What's your favorite flavor 
I like both strawberry and coffee ice cream 
Chocolate is mine 
May I help you 
I don't feel well . I need an airsickness bag 
Yes , madam . There's one in the seat pocket . Here you are 
Thank you 
Should I bring you some water 
Yes , please 
Can I help you 
Yes . I want to make a plane reservation to Shanghai , China 
May I have your name , please 
Feynman Black . I want to leave on October 15th 
OK . Let me see . Air China has a flight on October 15th at 10:00 in the morning 
Well , I need an economy ticket 
Single or return 
Single . How much 
Economy fare for single ticket from New York to Beijing is 400 dollars 
OK . Here you are . Is my ticket confirmed then 
Yes . Please arrive at the airport one hour before departure 
OK . Thank you 
Did Roll win the race 
Yeah , he did . But he only won it by a hair's breadth 
But anyway , he won at last 
Yeah . To win is the most important thing 
It's a fine day today , isn't it 
Yes , it is.It ' s wonderful after the downpour 
How nice seeing the sun back again ! The air is so fresh 
I hope it stays nice like this for a long period of time 
Well , the weather is so unpredictable this time of year 
You're right.We don't know what is going to be like tomorrow 
Look ! It looks as if it is going to rain 
The weatherman predicts a fine day today 
The weather is often quite different from the weather forecast 
Don't be afraid . Give it a try 
Okay 
Hi charles , I want you know that I finally found an apartment in Haitian 
You did ? that is great 
Yeah , I am having a party this saturday night , a sort of house warming , and i want to invite you . are you busy 
No I am free , I will be there , what time the thing starting 
Around seven 
Ok , great , should I bring anything 
No , but thanks for offering , actually could you bring some fold-up chairs for people if you have any ? I am afraid not everyone's going to have a seat , do you have any 
sure , I will be happy to bring a few , what is the address 
Don't worry , I will come to pick you up at about 6 thirty 
Got it 
Excuse me , could you tell me which bus I should take to go to the railway station 
I think you'd better take the No . 16 bus . It can take you right there 
How often dose this bus go there 
Every fifteen minutes 
I really can't wait that long . Are there any other buses that can take me there 
The No . 2 bus also goes to the railway station . You may take it 
Where can I find the bus 
The bus stop is not far from here . Go straight on and you can easily find it 
Thanks a lot 
You are welcome 
What is the most enjoyable part about your job 
I think meeting people . There are people from all over the country , all over the world , all walks of life which is the most interesting part of my job 
What do you find annoying 
Well , I work very long hours , ten hours a day is quite normal . And if something important comes up , I ’ m often in the office until 8 or 9 in the evening 
I ’ d like to buy these shoes 
O . K . Let me see . That will be $ 104.99 
The price tag says $ 99.99 
Yes , miss , but there is a five percent sales tax in Maryland 
Oh , of course . How silly of me to forget 
No problem . How would you like to pay for these 
I think I have the cash . Let me check . Yes , here you are 
$ 110.00 , your change is $ 5.01 . Thanks very much 
Thank you 
Do you need a ticket 
Surely , I do . It's hard to come by , isn't it 
Yes , it is 
Can you get it 
You can be assured of it 
There's a new girl in school , have you seen her yet 
I haven't seen her yet 
I think that she is very pretty 
Tell me how she looks 
She's kind of short 
What height is she 
She's probably about five feet 
That's nice , but tell me what she looks like 
The first thing I noticed was her beautiful brown eyes 
I think I might've bumped into her before 
Are you telling me that you've seen her before 
I believe so 
Hello , Madam . What can I do for you today 
Hello . Yes , I'm here to redeem a Treasury Note . It's not at the maturity date yet , but it is an emergency 
OK , can I see the note and some ID , please 
There you are . As you can see , the maturity isn't up yet 
You do realise that you must pay a 0.2 % charge for premature cancellation , right 
Oh , really ? No , I wasn't aware of that 
Unfortunately , yes . You see , this is a three-year note ; it was issued over a year ago , but not over two years . So , you will have to pay . I'm sorry about that 
Right , that ends the third and final part of our presentation . I'd like to end by emphasizing the main points . I'll give you a brief summary . There are three potential areas for development in the future , domestic , overseas market , and the internet . Each of these markets have their own particular need for marketing strategy ... for domestic , we can rely on past research , for overseas markets we depend heavily on our cultural consultants , and for the internet , we need to redo our image to appeal to a young set of consumers . Our main issue here is that we need to be sensitive to the needs of different markets in order to continue to see success . Mark , did you have anything to add 
Yes , I want to restate one more time the importance of reinventing our company's image to appeal to different customer bases . I want to end with a true story that has to do exactly with what we've been talking about today ..
Mom , did you see Andy's dog 
Honey , don't tell me that you want a pet dog also 
Mom , please . Can I have a pet dog like Andy's 
Honey , you know , we don't have enough room for a pet dog 
Mom , we can keep it on the balcony , right 
No , honey , the balcony is full of boxes and things . I'm sorry 
Is there anything I can do for you 
We are thinking of a two days ' tour to Vienna 
That's a good place to go at this time . How about this route 
It looks fine . Is this an inclusive tour 
No , sir , you have to deal with your own meal since we charge you only $ 80 for the trip 
Dear Anna . I really love you 
I love you , too 
I want to take care of you forever . Will you marry me 
Oh . My God ! Are you serious 
Am I too abrupt ? Did I scare you ? Or you don't want ..
No ! I have been expecting this moment for a long time . I mean my answer is ' yes ' 
Oh , I'm so happy . I will try my best to love you and protect you . I promise 
I trust you . We'll be happy 
Let me wear you this diamond ring 
It's so beautiful 
Here's the course description guide 
What do I do with it 
Do you want me to help you 
Please 
Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them 
So I don't have to worry about them 
You're catching on ! However , there are elective courses like wood shop , metal shop , home economics ..
I'll take home economics 
Good . Now you can pick classes by yourself 
Who was the best teacher that you ever had 
That would have to be Miss Baymler , my fourth grade teacher 
What was she like 
She was patient , kind , fun , smart , caring , and yet strict , too . I really learned a lot from her 
What kind of things did you learn 
She taught us that you can do anything that you want to do 
Anything ? Do you really believe that we can do anything 
If you really want to do something and you work hard at it , I believe you can do it 
You said she was strict . Did she have a lot of rules 
She had some rules that helped us to feel comfortable . For example , the students had to treat each other with respect , or they would be disciplined 
I see . She sounds like she really cared about her students 
Yes . She treated us all fairly . She don ’ t have any teacher ’ s pets 
Really ? Doesn ’ t every teacher have a teacher ’ s pet 
Well . To be honest , I usually sucked up to teachers because I wanted them to give me good grades . However , Miss Baymler didn ’ t treat me any differently . She really didn ’ t have any teacher ’ s pets 
Do you know what she is doing now 
As a matter of fact , I do . After she taught our class , she got married and moved to another city . Then , she started writing children ’ s book 
Have you ever read one of the books 
Of course ! Both children and adults enjoy her books 
Why don ’ t you recommend one to me 
ok ! I ’ ll bring one to you next time 
What's the matter with my throat , doctor 
Your throat is inflamed 
Is it serious 
Don't worry , it's not serious . You will get better soon 
Excuse me . can you tell me where Main Street is 
Turn left at the second light and then go straight for two blocks 
Is it far 
No . it ’ s only five minutes walk . you can ’ t miss it 
Thanks a lot
You are welcome
Excuse me , can you tell me where I can take a taxi ? This is the first time I have been in England , so I don't know where I can do at all 
Of course.Don ' t worry . I'll call one for you 
Thank you very much , by the way , is it quite expensive to take a taxi 
Yes , besides it versa according to the distance 
All right . I only hope to get a skillful driver , and drive me to my stop safe way 
No problem 
Thanks a lot , bye bye 
You are welcome , bye 
Grant . How is everything 
Pretty well , thanks . We ’ Ve just been incredibly busy ! I need to set up a meeting for Mr . Graham 
Sure . What ’ s it about 
He wants to go over the bonuses for this year . He ’ ll need to meet with Mr . Winthrop and Ms . Montgomery . Can you set it up for me 
Could you show me the T-shirt on the model 
Here you are . We have three different colors , white , blue and pink 
What's the price 
$ 12 
Can you make it any cheaper 
It is cheap 
I'll take it if you give me a discount 
$ 10 . That's the best I can do 
OK . I'll take the blue one 
Have you graduated now 
Yes . I graduated this past June 
Which university did you graduate from 
Guangzhou University 
What degree did you receive 
I received a bachelor's degree in Economics 
What courses did you take in college 
My major courses were Microeconomics , Macroeconomics , International Trade , International Finance , World Economy , Psychology and Business English
Why did you choose to study Economics 
Because I was quite interested in Economics then 
Can you speak other languages except English 
I can also speak a little Japanese 
I am very satisfied with your answers 
Thank you very much 
How's it going 
Great 
Excuse me , is there a department store near here 
Yes , there ’ s a department store in Wang Fu Jing 
Where ’ s Wang Fu Jing 
It ’ s to the east of Tiananmen Square 
Thank you 
You ’ re welcome 
Hey , Jane ... are you familiar with our company's insurance policies 
Umm ... I think so . What's up 
I've never really paid attention to the fine print of our insurance policies ... but it looks like I'm going to need to make a claim 
Really ? Are you OK 
I have a slipped disc in my lower back and the doctor says surgery is probably the best option . Does our worker insurance cover this kind of thing 
If the injury is workplace related I'm sure it's completely covered 
Hummum ... I think I'll have to talk to the doctor again about that.Anyway ... now that I'm going to have to make some claims , I think I'd better try and understand how the system works . Would you mind breaking it down for me 
Sure . Basically we have two insurance policies for employees ... workman's compensation and medical insurance . The company pays the premiums for workman's compensation , and for a significant part of the medical coverage , but you pay part of that premium , too 
That's the charge for insurance I see on my pay slip each month , right 
Yep . Every country in the world has a different system , but here we buy insurance from a private provider 
So workman's compensation is if I slip and break my arm while working in the office or on the job , right 
That's right . The company pays for all your medical bills and there is also some financial compensation if you have to take days off to see doctors or spend time recuperating 
How ’ s your trip going 
Oh I ’ m enjoying myself but it ’ s so hot here
Isn ’ t London hot in the summer 
Well it can be but Shanghai is much warmer than London 
I see . What about transport ? How does Shanghai compare to London 
Actually I think the buses and trains here are more modern 
And what about the number of people on the streets 
Oh , I think Shanghai is much more crowded than London 
Susan , I am inviting you and Frank to our house warming party this weekend 
A house warming party 
Yes , Deborah and I are going to buy a new home in Woodlawn 
Congratulations ! That ’ s wonderful . I bet both of you are quite happy 
Well , we have always dreamed of owning our own home , but real estate in this area is extremely expensive 
I understand . That ’ s why Christopher and I want to find a place in a small town , far from the city 
That ’ s a good idea if you can find employment nearby 
I agree . That ’ s why Christopher is already looking for a job in Maine , or Wisconsin 
Tom , it's time for you to take a shower 
Mom , I don't want to bathe today 
Why ? You can't be always so lazy 
Mom , I'm tired . I feel sleepy . I want to go to bed right now 
Alright . But you promise this is the last time 
OK . I promise . Thank you , Mom 
Don't use a hair spray . I want my hair set and dried 
Look into the mirror and see if it'll do 
That's all right.Thank you 
Welcome here again 
We used to be very friendly , but it seems now that my daughter ’ s marriage has taken its toll of our relationship 
What do you mean 
I don ’ t like her husband , that bad egg , but my daughter insists on marrying him 
She is a grow-up . She can make her own decision 
I wish she wouldn ’ t regret for her decision 
Peter , it's time to eat breakfast 
I am brushing my teeth 
Alright , you'd better hurry , your bus is coming 
Mom ~ the toothpaste dropped on my shorts 
Oh , dear , go get another pair . I'll help you change your shorts 
Professor Wang , what is non-tariff barrier 
Non-tariff barrier is another mean to restrict imports 
Can you give an example 
For example , some countries restrict imports by quantitative restriction 
Why 
This is used to protect local industries or to achieve certain political objectives 
Oh , Are there other means 
Technical barriers are set for imported goods 
This is designed to exclude them from domestic market , isn't it 
Yes , some countries may use some of the unnecessary health rules to exclude foreign food 
I ’ Ve just looked over your resume and I must admit I am quite impressed 
Thank you . I ’ Ve worked pretty hard to be able to list those accomplishments 
You ’ Ve got plenty of training and experience . I wonder if you could tell me something about your goals . Where do you see yourself ten years from now 
To be honest , I don ’ t plan in that much detail . My goals tend to be general ; I define success according to the job at hand . I see myself advancing as I succeed , but I don ’ t necessarily dwell on
interesting ! And how do you feel about decision-making ? Are you an independent thinker , or do you depend more on your superior for direction 
That depends a bit on the problem at hand . There are certain situations in which a manager can give a general directive , and expect his employees to know how to take the initiative on the detail
Sounds good . Everyone is taking about teams these days . Can you describe your role as a member of a sales team 
I see myself as an encourager . Of course , sales can be quite competitive and sometimes people in this field have a secret desire for others to fail . In my last job , each representative handled
So , your experience is as impressive in practice as it is on paper 
I wish you would not be so selfish 
Selfishness is one human beings instincts . It is very difficult to get it out root and branch 
But you should at least consider your son's future 
His mother , not me , should do this 
Oh , my god . How can you stand living in such a messy dorm 
Our place is spotlessly clean , compared with others 
Have you even tried to clean it once since you moved in at the beginning of the semester 
In fact , I just swept the floor three days ago 
I think we need to restart the dormitory sanitation inspection system 
I bet nobody will care about it 
Can you play tennis 
Yes , I can 
It is interesting , isn't it 
Yes , it's very interesting 
Can you teach me 
Sure . Take the tennis racket . Now , throw the ball up , and hit it with the racket . Like this 
Let me try . Oh , I missed 
Throw the ball up high 
High 
Yes , very high . Over your head . Then you will have time to hit the ball 
Oh ! I hit it 
Well done 
Thank you . I think I like playing it 
I'm taking my date to a restaurant . Could you tell me about one or two good ones 
My pleasure ! How much would you like to spend on your date 
She will want an excellent restaurant , of course 
You should know that our hotel chef was trained in Paris . The service and food are world-class 
I wanted to go out somewhere , not stay here . Do you know of another good restaurant 
You can't go wrong with Gramercy Tavern . It's famous for its food , service , and live jazz 
I like that ! Could you please call them to see if we can get in tonight 
At once , sir . You'll love this place , I assure you 
I heard you were teaching English over there.Tell me about it . Did you like it 
Oh , yes , it was very interesting 
What were the schools like 
Oh , I didn't actually teach in the schools . I taught after school . I taught in English institutes 
But you taught children , yes 
Yes . That's right.But children in Taiwan are very different from children in America.At least as far as studying is concerned.Many children in Taiwan go to special institutes after school 
They actually study after school 
That's right.After their school day is over , they go to a special institute to study math or English.They are very serious about learning over there 
Hmm . That sounds pretty oppressive for the kids . Don't they ever relax 
Of course they do.You know , Eliza , before I went over there I thought the same thing . I thought that maybe kids in Taiwan study too much.But now that I've worked there , and taught them , I feel it is a good thing.Their parents are very concerned about their education . More than American parents are . And that is good . American kids don't study enough 
Asian cultures value learning very much . I know that 
So it was interesting for me to see parents very concerned about education.They would come to me after the class and ask how their son or daughter was doing . I don't think that's a bad thing . I think it's a good thing.In America , too many parents don't pay attention 
But aren't the kids tired out ? I mean , they go to school all day , and then they go to school in the evening too 
As an English teacher , I tried to make the lessons as fun as possible . I tried to have a good time with my classes . The students often enjoyed it.And if the students enjoyed it , they learned more . So it was a good experience 
Are the kids in Taiwan very obedient 
That's a stereotype we Americans have.We think that Asian kids are very obedient and quiet.But it's not true . There are plenty of naughty kids too 
Hmm . I know you taught in Costa Rica also.Which did you like better--Costa Rica or Taiwan 
I don't know . In Costa Rica , I taught adults.So it was a very different thing . So I really can't compare 
My friend finally dumped her boyfriend , and she's sworn she's going to abstain until she finds the right man to marry 
After going through an episode like that I'm not surprised . How's her headspace 
She's doing great , she's getting her confidence back , and her self-esteem , has improved drastically.She ' s very happy 
I'm proud of you for standing by her . I think you've helped make a big difference in her life 
Do you have any plans for next Sunday evening 
No , why 
My friend , who had the mishap , wants to take us to dinner to show her gratitude for helping her 
She doesn't need to do that , I didn't do anything 
She feels you gave me the freedom to be able to assist her and she appreciates that . Come on , Let's indulge her 
Good morning , sir . Are you checking out now 
Yes . Steven Smith , room 609 
Fine . This is your bill , Mr . Smith . Four nights at 100 dollars each , and here are the meals that you had in our hotel . That makes a total of 660 dollars 
Can I pay by credit card 
Certainly . May I have your card , please 
Here you are 
Please sign your name here 
OK . Is it possible to leave my luggage here until I'm ready to leave this afternoon ? I'd like to say goodbye to some of my friends 
Yes , we'll keep it for you . How many pieces of your luggage 
Just three . I'll be back at 3:00 p . m 
That's fine . Have a nice day 
Thank you . See you later 
How much are these apples 
Let me weigh them for you . 1.5 $ 
Do you accept coupons 
Yes 
Here are my coupons . Is that enough 
You have to pay $ 0.5 more 
Ms . Montgomery ? This is Richard Thomas . I ’ m sorry to bother you at home , but I ’ Ve got a bit of a problem 
Oh ? What ’ s wrong 
My daughter ’ s just banged up her knee pretty badly and I ’ m going to have to take her to the hospital . I ’ ll be about two hours late 
What happened to your brother 
It seems that he has gone ape over the girl 
Your parents must be worrying about him 
Yes , he ’ s been like this for two weeks . We don ’ t know what to do 
Have you talked to him 
Yeah . But he just didn ’ t listen 
Can you tell me what the unit price of such carpet is 
Of course , here is the catalogue and the price list . You can have a look . We also have many other kinds of carpets 
The price seems acceptable for me . But I want to check whether you can supply the carpets now if we order some 
Of course we can . We can provide the quantity you ask for 
That's very good . Shall we sign a contract now 
No problem . Let's check the terms of contract 
Excuse me , Richard ? Are you busy at the moment 
Not really , Betty . What do you need 
My fax machine ’ s on the blink . Would you take a look at it 
Sure . I just need to do one other job first . How about if I come up around 11:30 
I am calling to consult you about the job as a copywriter 
Yes , what do you want to know 
The information is scanty for me . And can you describe the responsibilities of the position 
Yes . Copywriters are supposed to design and write articles for the advertising company 
Hi Mark 
Hi 
What are you planning to do today 
I'm not sure yet 
Would you like to have lunch with me 
Yes . When 
Is 11:30 AM OK 
Sorry , I didn't hear you . Can you say that again please 
I said , 11:30 AM 
Oh , I'm busy then . Can we meet a little later 
OK , how about 12:30 PM 
OK . Where 
How about Bill's Seafood Restaurant 
Oh , Where is that 
It's on 7th Street 
OK , I'll meet you there 
Beauties Picture , how may I help you 
I need to speak with David Lin 
He's out of his office 
Thank you , I'll try again later 
What do you want to be 
Dad , I haven't thought about it . I'm still young 
Oh , honey , but you must know what your hobby is , right 
I like playing the piano 
Yes , you play the piano well . You could be a good pianist . That's good 
What's wrong , Dave ? You look down today 
I didn't pass the English exam . How to learn English well ? Can you give me some suggestions 
Well , English is a " paper tiger " . Its natural enemy is adequate practice 
I have done a lot of reading comprehension exercises , and I also spend much time in memorizing English words 
I suggest you read English texts aloud every day , and try to speak more . That will be beneficial to cultivate your sense of the language 
Really ? I'll have a try . Maybe I will get high marks next time 
Good evening ! This is Mr . Smith in room 609 
Good evening , Mr . Smith , What can I do for you 
I'm going to Shanghai early tomorrow morning . So I would like to request an early morning call 
Yes , Mr . Smith , when would you like us to call you tomorrow morning 
I have to be at the conference room of the Garden Hotel in Shanghai by 10 o'clock . I think it will take me three hours to get there . It means that I'll have to be on the road before 7 o'clock at the latest 
That's right 
Well , in that case , I would like you to wake me up at 5:45 
OK . Good night , Mr . Smith , Have a good sleep 
Good night 
Shall I take a photo of you 
Could you ? Thank you 
You ’ re welcome . What brings you to China 
I ’ m actually here on business 
I see and what do you do for a living 
I ’ m an IT salesman 
That sounds like a good job 
It ’ s very interesting actually 
Ok , well enjoy the rest of your stay here 
Thank you very much . Bye 
Hello . Nice to see you again . I heard you went into hospital for a few days to undergo surgery . I hope everything ’ s OK 
Yes , fine . I had something wrong with my stomach . I won ’ t go into detail , but it wasn ’ t serious 
I really dislike going to a doctor or to a hospital 
I think most people are a little nervous about it . I was really very , very nervous just before I had the operation , but the anaesthetist gave me an anaesthetic and the next thing I remember was waking up after the operation 
It must have really hurt afterwards 
Well , the nurse game me plenty of painkillers , but it did feel uncomfortable . I wasn ’ t permitted to eat anything for 48 hours . That was the worse thing 
I bet you were ready for a thick juicy steak when you got out of hospital 
I certainly was ! However , the doctor gave me a list of food I couldn ’ t eat for another 72 hours , and steak was on the list 
Is there any pain now 
No , not at all . I stopped taking painkillers after a couple of days 
Did they take good care of you in the hospital 
Oh , yes . The nurse were very kind , though they were strict about what I could drink . In the end , I just drank water and nothing else . Everyone was very professional and I actually enjoyed some aspects of my stay 
Hi . I just lost my purse when I was shopping on the street . I guess somebody stole it from me 
Sorry to hear that . Could you tell me what were in your purse 
My mobile phone , passport and some cash 
When did you come to America 
Just a couple of days ago 
Could you recall when and where you lost it 
I have no idea 
OK . I have written it down . Who is your emergency contact person in America 
That is my friend Tim who lives nearby 
OK . We will contact you as soon as we have any clues 
What's his job 
He used to be a policeman 
But Mrs.Smith hired him to find her lost son 
Yeah . He's a private eye now 
Do you often do exercise 
Certainly 
OK , and what kind of sports do you usually play 
I often play badminton with my parents 
You ? Play badminton ? That's unbelievable ! You are shorter than a racket 
Hey , I'm good at playing it 
Says who 
My parents 
Oh , I see 
How about you , Daniel 
I'm a real man , and I like football 
Well , who is your favorite football player 
I like Renaldo the most 
This is a good basic computer package . It's got a good CPU , 256 megabytes of RAM , and a DVD player 
Does it come with a modem 
Yes , it has a built-in modem . You just plug a phone line into the back of the computer 
How about the monitor 
A 15 - inch monitor is included in the deal . If you want , you can switch it for a 17 - inch monitor , for a little more money 
That's okay . A 15 - inch is good enough . All right , I'll take it 
Hi Mike . What have you been up to 
Not much . I started exercising 
Trying to get in shape 
Yeah , and I need to start improving my health 
Me too . What are you doing besides exercising 
That's about all 
I think if you eat better , it will help tremendously 
Sleep is good too . I heard people who sleep an average of eight hours a day have less health problems 
Looks like there are a lot of things to do to stay healthy 
True . But I think it is worth it . When you get old , you want to be healthy and active 
Hello . May I speak to David 
Who 
David Bush 
There ’ s nobody here by that name 
Sorry , I dialed the wrong number 
Where do you think we should go on holiday this summer 
We , I ’ d like to go to Australia . I know it ’ s far to go , but I think it would be something different and special 
I ’ d really like to go to the Caribbean . We can relax on the beached and enjoy the sunshine 
There are beaches in Australia too , but I would prefer a more active holiday this year . We could visit Ayers rock and the great barrier reef . It would be so exciting 
But would it be relaxing ? By summer . I ’ ll be quite tired from doing so much work . The last thing I need is to use more energy racing around Australia . I ’ d need another holiday to recover from the holiday 
Oh , come on ! A tour of Australia would be relaxing because you ’ d be doing something different and not working 
Do you think so ? I ’ m not so sure . Anyway , tell me your plans for an Australian holiday . How long do you think we should spend there 
I think we should go for two weeks . We could spend a week in the bush and a week at the great barrier reef-including a few day on the beach for tired office workers 
That doesn ’ t sound too bad . I ’ d certainly like to go diving . That ’ s one reason I wanted to go to the Caribbean 
We could hire a car and travel around the interior of Australia for several days . If we hire a car , we can go where we like 
We ’ d have to plan our drive before we leave . Let ’ s get a good guidebook from the bookstore when we go shopping in town tomorrow 
It looks like I might have convinced you to go to Australia 
Mm , they taste delicious . Let's settle the bill 
Yes . Let's go Dutch 
No . It's on me this time 
You are always so hospitable 
Oh , I'm starving . I'd like to try some real Chinese cuisine . What would you recommend , waiter 
Well , it depends . You see , there are eight famous Chinese for instance , the Sichuan cuisine , and the Hunan cuisine 
They are both spicy hot , I've heard 
That's right . If you like hot dishes , you could try some 
They might be too hot for me 
Then there's the Cantonese cuisine and the Kiangsu cuisine . Most southerners like them 
What about any special Beijing dishes 
There's the Beijing roast duck 
Oh , yes . I've heard a lot about it . I'd like very much to try it . Where can I find it 
You can find it in most restaurants , but the best place is certainly Quanjude Restaurant 
Is it near here 
Not too near but not too far either . A taxi will take you there in 15 minutes , If the traffic is not too bad , I mean 
Well , thank you for your information . But what is the name of that restaurant again 
Let me write it down on this slip of paper for you . You can show it to the taxi-driver 
That's very kind of you . Thanks a lot 
May I take your order now 
Yes . Do you have any specials today 
I recommend the roast pork chops 
I have never tasted that . I would like to have a try today 
What can I do for you 
I need some medicine 
For whom 
My wife . She suffers from a bad cold 
What symptoms does she have 
Fever and a bad cough 
I see . Don't worry , just a common cold 
What kind of medicine does she need 
Patulin will be enough 
How many pills for each time 
Nine pills per day , and three pills after each meal 
Thank you very much 
It's my pleasure 
Good afternoon , what flights do you have from London to Paris 
We have two direct flights . Would you like a morning one or an afternoon one 
The morning one , please . I want to go coach 
Single or return 
Single please 
Can you show me how to use chopsticks 
With pleasure 
Oh , it is not easy to learn 
I think you are a quick learner 
Well , I don't think I can manage with it 
In that case , shall I ask the waiter to bring you a knife and fork 
That's good , thank you 
OK , everyone . Gather around . Here are the rules . No tackling . No pushing 
You shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . That's a foul 
Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched 
You can touch them only between the shoulder and the knees 
The touchdown lines are there and there . OK , let's play 
Before we start , let's have a moment of silence for our fallen men 
There will be a parade to celebrate National Day this weekend 
What's the route 
From Zhongshan Circus to City Bank 
If only I could join it 
Let's catch the waiter's eyes . We want to have a table for 4 
What about that one 
Well , it's too close to the door . Is that table reserved 
No , sir . You can sit where you like 
Help ! Help 
What's the trouble , ma'am 
I was taking a walk when a young man came at me from nowhere and snatched the bag off my hands and ran away 
What did the young man look like 
Well , he's young , tall and thin 
To which direction did he run 
Let me see ... my right arm ... oh , to the east 
Hi , long time no see . How have you been 
Oh , I've been fine , but I'm having some trouble with my son 
Tell me all about it 
Oh , he's 14 and in the past few months , he's become quieter and a bit secretive . He locks himself in his room and I think he's running around with the wrong crowd 
Oh , I see . What makes you think that 
Well , he's become friends with a couple of older boys who are in a band . And one night last weekend , he came home really late , way past his curfew 
Really ? What happened 
He told me that his friend's car broke down and they had to walk home 
I see what you mean . I understand why you're concerned . Have you tried talking to your son about it 
I haven't yet . I just keep hoping it's just a phase he's going through 
You may be right , but it doesn't hurt to find out more about what's going on in his life 
You're right . I should talk to him . Sometimes , it's not easy being a parent . Thanks . It helps to get it off my chest . You're always so easy to talk to 
I don't know about that , but my door is always open . Stop by anytime 
Yeah , it's really cute . But why a monkey suit ? Is Hello Kitty having an identity complex 
No , she's wearing my Chinese zodiac sign 
You were born in the year of the monkey 
Yeah , are you surprised 
Not at all ! That explains everything 
Can you tell me the differences between a letter and a memorandum , Miss Thong 
Certainly . A letter must be sent out of the company and must be mailed or posted . A memorandum is a communication within an organization 
Should we use the layout we use for a letter when we write a memorandum 
No , not necessary . Usually we have a set form which is printed . We just fill in the printed forms and send it to the person or the offices concerned in the company 
Of course , let me find one for you 
Bill , where are we going to stay tonight 
What about a motel 
What's that 
It's a hotel but cheaper and offers free parking 
Well , that sounds good , I have never lived in a motel 
Then let's stay in a motel . I am sure you will like it 
I haven't told you what happened yet , have I 
I haven't heard anything 
My boss offered me a promotion , and I took it 
Are you serious 
Yes , I am really excited 
That's great . Congratulations 
I appreciate that 
You have no idea how happy I am for you 
For real 
I believe you were the best choice for that promotion . I really do 
I'd like to buy a bottle of Centrum , a dozen tooth brushes , some baby's wipes , and a small bottle of aspirin 
Centrum ? We have bottles of thirty and one hundred tablets . Which kind do you want 
Give me one bottle of one hundred tablets 
And what kind of toothbrushes would you like 
Can I have a look at them 
Sure . This brand is supposed to be very good , but they're expensive . Those are new products . They come in several colors and sizes . There is also hard , soft , and medium 
Are they cheaper 
This one is 10 % off . That one has no reduction , but you can get a free tube of toothpaste with six toothbrushes 
So if I buy a dozen , I'll get two free tubes of toothpaste 
That's right 
Good . I ' ll take a dozen of them then 
And here is your aspirin . What else did you say you want 
Baby's wipes . Johnson's 
Anything else 
Well , actually I'd like to buy some vitamins for my son . He's five months old . Can you suggest any 
Sure . Here you are . This one is excellent . Just mix one drop of it with milk 
Thanks . That'll be all 
The man behind your mother must be your elder brother 
Yes , he was 29 then 
He looked his age 
Is this American Airlines 
Yes , sir . My name is Ellen . How may I help you 
I need to get a flight to Chicago on the 7th in the morning . Can you give me a hand 
Certainly , sir . There ’ s a flight at 8: 35 a . m . and one at 10 
Would you like to join the drama club 
Sure 
Why do you want to join it 
It's very exciting . I think 
Many people say it's a good story.But I think it's boring 
I don't think I share your view there.The writer is writing about history , society , human nature and so on.It ' s too hard to understand 
Whoa , whoa , what ’ s going on ? Watch out 
Hey , watch where you ’ re going 
Oh , no ! I ’ m so sorry ! Are you all right 
Oh ... I don ’ t know 
I feel terrible , I really didn ’ t mean to knock you over . My tire , just exploded , and I lost control of my bike . Really , it was an accident . Please accept my apologies 
Oh , wait a second , you seem really familiar , I think I know you from somewhere 
Yeah , I think we have met somewhere before . That ’ s right ! We met at Aaron ’ s place last weekend ! What a coincidence ! But anyway , I ’ m glad to see that you ’ re not too badly hurt , and I should probably get going . I have a nine o ’ clock meeting 
Ouch ! My ankle ! I think it ’ s broken ! You can ’ t just leave me like this ! Are you calling an ambulance 
Nope , I ’ m canceling my appointment so that I can stay here with you 
Tyler residence 
Is this Naomi 
No , this is her sister , Nancy 
You sure sound like Naomi 
Oh . Can I take a message 
Sure . Please tell her that Andy called 
Okay . I'll give her the message 
Thanks 
Bye 
Daniel , here is some money for the tickets 
OK , it's my pleasure . How many tickets 
Oh , like a gentleman . Two tickets for two people 
But I am only half a person as you and they charge both of us the same price tickets 
They may unless we get a half-price ticket for you 
Dad , it makes no sense 
You may ask if you can take a half-price ticket 
Yeah , I make certain . A half-price ticket cuts us one point five Yuan 
Hey Sarah , I'm having some trouble finding an apartment . Can you help me look at some listings online 
Sure . What kind of apartment are you looking for 
Well , it has to be cheap . I don't want a really expensive apartment 
OK . Would you like to live in a studio 
Sure , a studio would be fine 
I want to buy two tickets for tonight's concert 
Sure . How do you like your seats 
Ordinary one , please 
Ok , here are your tickets in Row 13 
I think they are too far from the stage . I want two in row 6 
That's fine . But you have to pay another $ 10 
Excuse me , sir . Is there anything I can do for you 
Yes . I'd like to change some money , please 
All right . How much would you like to change 
Let me see . I think maybe 600 USD at least 
Pardon 
Six hundred US dollars 
I'm sorry , sir , after 7
But I am badly in need of the amount . Might I ask you to make an exception for me 
I'm afraid we cannot help you , sir , because that would be violating the regulations . I owe an apology for doing nothing about it 
It's just too bad . I have to leave it as it is , and thank you just the same 
Could I speak to Mr . Wu , please 
Who ’ s calling , please 
This is Kevin 
Hold on a second , please 
Uh-oh . We don't have a flashlight 
Don't worry . We'll make it back to the camp site before dark 
I sure hope so 
Could you give me a taxi to pick me up and take me to the airport before 1:00 p . m . 
What is your address , sir 
I live in room 1106 of the Friendship Hotel 
OK , someone will be there by 12:15 
Why are you asking me about my boyfriend 
Well , Brad from school asked me out just today 
Brad Bush ? Good for you 
But I don't know what to do 
You mean you've never had a boyfriend 
My mom says no boyfriend until I'm in college 
Until college 
Actually , that's what a lot of parents in Taiwan say to their kids 
Hey , Susie , what health club do you belong to 
Total Fitness , why 
Well , I ’ Ve been going to Athletic Express , but I don ’ t like it there 
Really ? Why not ? I hear it ’ s pretty good 
The people don ’ t really work out there . They just stand around and talk all the time 
Oh , it ’ s one of those places 
Yeah , is your club different 
Well , they have different rooms . I lift weights by the pool where there aren ’ t so many people 
Do they have a lot of equipment 
Yeah , they have all the machines , a pool , and a steam room and sauna 
Sounds nice . What about classes 
The usual . Aerobics , kickboxing , yoga . They just started a Tai Chi class too 
Wow , that sounds great 
Well , I have a guest pass . Why don ’ t you come with me tonight 
Really ? Thanks . I ’ ll stop by when I get off work 
Perfect . See you later 
O . K . , see you 
What kind of lease is it 
It's a one-year lease 
Can I have a month-to-month lease ? I only want to rent the apartment for five months 
No , all the leases are for one year . We don't have month-to-month leases 
Well , then I don't think this would be a good apartment for me . Thank you anyway 
You're welcome 
It's quite cold this early morning , isn't it 
Yeah . It's already December , you know 
Time sure flies , doesn't it 
How could we advertise our celebrations to mark the centenary of the founding of the university 
I ’ m sure we could get one or two tv companies to come in . Perhaps the president could invite them and do an interview 
That ’ s a good idea . We could put up some posters in and around the campus with a list of events . It would be quite cheap to do on the campus 
It will be expensive to do outside the campus . Perhaps we could arrange for some sponsorship 
We could contact alumni who work for large , well-know companies . They might be able to arrange cheap advertising in exchange for some free tickets 
Good thinking ! We should also print some leaflets for students to distribute 
We should put some information about it on the home page of our university website . When people visit the website , they ’ ll see the information 
We could take out some advertisements to local newspapers . I checked the prices and they are reasonable 
Ok . Let ’ s get to work on our advertising campaign 
Stop running around in front of the TV , will you ? Why don ’ t you just sit and watch 
I've tried , but I can't stand the bald man talking so loudly in the program 
Then stay away . Nobody's keeping you from doing that 
Don't be so irritable . I just don't understand the program , that's all 
All right , I will explain it to you later on . Now scram 
Ok . I will wait until you have had your fun , if that's what you want 
That's exactly what I want , thank you 
Do you want to hang out tomorrow 
Oh , I can't . I have a date 
Really ? Wow with who 
This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend 
Wait a minute , you mean you met her online 
Yeah ! I signed up for a website called match @ . com and it is great ! You fill in all your details and preferences , like if you are a smoker or if you have any pets . Then you find people that have similar characteristics and you can email them or chat 
That is kind of weird ! What if she is a psycho or something like that 
It's the same as meeting people anywhere and dating them ! I am just tired of going to bars or being set up for dates by my friends ! I think this is a really cool alternative , especially if you are a bit shy 
I guess it does seem logical . I'll have to check it out 
Jim , what do you think of that first interviewee 
Well , he looked sharp and he came across as a very confident guy 
Okay , what about the first woman 
She looked a little rough around the edges but had great skills 
All right , and what about the older gentle 
He was very distinguished , maybe a bit over-qualified 
Ohhhh . I hate this part of my job 
Why don't you go over the resumes again ? They might help you decide who to hire 
I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ’ s not still mad at me 
what did you argue about 
he borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ’ t have the money yet 
well , he should pay you back . It ’ s only fair 
yes , but is got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ’ t have got angry 
did you lend him a lot of money 
not much . I had to pay an unexpected bill , so I needed the money back 
well , talk to him about it next time you see him . He probably feels as bad about it as you do . Close friends sometimes have disagreements . It ’ s nothing unusual . Neither of you said anything r
no , we didn ’ t . I guess you ’ re right . We should patch things up 
of course you should . You wouldn ’ t want a silly argument to ruin a long friendship , would you 
Excuse me . Mr . Li . May I ask you some questions 
Sure . Take a seat , please . What would you like to know 
Can you tell me how many credits would be enough for a Bachelor's degree 
A Bachelor is awarded to a student who successfully completes over 120 units , including general and specific requirements , for his or her undergraduate major and elective courses 
How long does it take to earn a Bachelor's degree 
Normally it can be completed in four years 
I ’ d like to apply for a personal loan 
How much would you like to borrow 
A thousand dollars 
Let me check with a credit manager . A record show your credit reading is quite high . I don't think you have any problems 
What ’ s the current interest rate 
Our monthly interest is 1.5 % of the outstanding balance . Would you please fill out the application the form 
Front Desk , may I help you 
Yes , I'd like to move to another room 
Is there anything uncomfortable in your room 
Yes . The air-conditioner in this room doesn't work 
May I have your room number , sir 
Wang Wei . Room 1212 
OK . Mr . Wang , may I send a room attendant to check it for you first 
All right 
( 15 minutes later ) Mr . Wang , we are deeply sorry for the inconvenience . The maintenance might last for a long time , may I offer you another room 
Yes . No problem 
Excuse me 
Yes 
I bought this circulator here yesterday but it doesn't work 
Oh , let's see what's wrong 
Give me a pack of first-class stamps , please 
Here you are . That will be five dollars . Anything else 
Yes . I want some post cards and some airmail stamps . I want to send some letters to South America 
Just a moment , I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America 
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia ? Also , I what to know how long it will take 
Do you have the package with you ? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost 
Do you insure package 
Yes . All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for 
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package 
The post office rarely loses package . You can , however , request a rectum receipt 
One last question-what are your hours 
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon 
Thank you , you helped me a lot 
Do you remember what the ratings of movies stand for 
Yes , G stands for General Audiences , PG means Parental Guidance suggested , R is restricted to audiences under 18 and X means explicit content 
Does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore 
Remember when we were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent 
I remember that I never saw an X moves even displayed 
Now with video rentals it's all a personal matter 
Yea , I never see theaters turn people away for their age anymore either 
Now we have to make a choice about what we will see and what we won't 
Are these your text books ? Biochemistry , General Ecology , Botany , Cell Genetics , Molecular Genetics ..
Yes . I gotta review all of them for the final exam . It is just around the corner 
Oh , right ! Do you have many exams at the end of each semester 
That depends . Some semesters have many , some don't . And some courses don't have exams but only ask for papers . That's easy 
And when do you prepare for your final exam 
Honestly speaking , most students prepare it one month before the exam 
Really ? You only review your lessons in one month ? Does it work 
Of course , it's useful . And it's very crucial to have the copies of teacher's notes , because most questions in the exam are based on them 
Wow , and all the key points are included in them ? You're so smart 
But the exam is not as simple as you may imagine . We have to stay up late 
Do you have the classrooms open for the whole night 
Yes , some people even pack up his bed quilt and sleep there . That's a little bit crazy 
My wife and I didn't used to spend this much money 
What's changed 
My wife has been pregnant for 7 months 
I see . I guess diapers and baby food are expensive.Bringing up children is not easy 
My wife will be going back to work soon 
You should have more money then 
Yes.We will need milk powder and bassinet 
Hmm . You have three cameras . Are you a photographer 
No , my company makes cameras.Well , I'm also a photographer , but two of these are for our display 
I see . And what's in this bag 
Egg tarts 
I thought you said you didn't have any food with you today 
I thought you meant vegetables and meat when you asked me . Things like that . I don't have any vegetables 
I'm sorry , Mr . Lee . Egg tarts are food too . We will have to confiscate these 
Confiscate 
Yes , we will have to dispose of them 
It's too bad . They are very delicious 
I know . One out of every three travelers from Taiwan seems to be carrying them.They are being smuggled in by the thousands 
Oh , well . Not by me 
No , not today at least . Enjoy your visit to the United States , Mr . Lee 
Thank you 
Did you go camping last Saturday 
We went to the coast . It's really a nice place for camping , really good time around the fire singing and dancing 
How many members were in your party in all 
There were six of us 
Did you get caught in the bad storm 
Yes , we got wet through . But we still enjoyed ourselves 
We are planning to go to Beidaihe for vacation . Do you want to go with us 
It ’ s so cool 
Where can I find information on this subject 
I'm not sure . Let's look up the catalogue 
Will you give some advice on this experiment 
I advise that step be taken in power supply first 
What's his suggestion for this work 
His suggestion is that the work be started at once 
The way I see it is that they'd join us 
I think so too 
Peter , have you finished your English composition 
No . But I ’ m working on it 
Class starts in twenty minutes . You have to turn it in at the beginning of class today 
I know . I know 
Do you think you can finish it on time 
Don ’ t worry . I ’ ll get it done very soon . I ’ m almost finished 
You ’ d better hurry 
Well , it would be a lot easier to finish if you stopped talking to me 
Sorry 
What are you calling about today 
I scheduled a delivery for tomorrow 
Is there a problem 
I would like to reschedule 
That shouldn't be a problem 
Can I have it delivered the day after tomorrow 
So , you want it delivered the day after tomorrow 
Yes , will that be possible 
What time would you like us to deliver it 
Is 2:30 Okay 
Your delivery has been confirmed 
Thank you , and I'm sorry for the change of plans 
The idea about Friday the Thirteenth is totally ridiculous . I don't believe it at all 
Maybe you can't be so sure 
Why not ? The whole idea is superstitious 
But some people use this occasion to create trouble . Have you heard of the Black Friday Virus on the computer ? It is designed to break out on every Friday the Thirteenth 
I know that . But that has nothing to do with being unlucky . Those who created the virus are deliberately making fun of people 
My computer isn ’ t running at the same speed it used to be , it is testing my patience everyday . Can you tell me how to make it run faster 
If you want to speed up your system , you ’ Ve got to clean it up first 
How 
You need to free your disk space . The simplest way is to use a Disk-Cleanup tool to remove temporary files and in store programs that you no longer use . Things should be fine next time you start . You also need to control what starts up . There is a program calls Start-up Delayer , It can help to set after how much time programs should be loaded after Windows boosts . For example , you can choose to set your Fox Mail program to load 30 seconds after Windows starts up 
Very useful advice , I will try them right now 
Do you have wake-up service 
Yes.You can use the computer to seta tima.Dial 10 and then time.For example.if you want to get up at 7:15 , you can dial 100715 
OK . I understand 
Or we can call you tomorrow coming 
Well , I would prefer you to call me up tomorrow at 6:30
No problem . Good night 
What does she do 
She works as a teller in a bank 
Does she go to night school 
Yes . She goes three times a week 
Why ? What does she want to be 
She wants to be a manager 
What classes does she take 
She takes classes in accounting and business 
Your hand is bleeding . What have you done to it 
I cut it on that blade 
I'll get the first aid box . There's some antiseptic cream and a bandage in there 
Miss Liu , please come in 
What can I do for you , sir 
Copy this report for me 
OK . But which size should I use 
You should use the A4 paper is all right 
I see . Should I have it bound 
It is unnecessary 
That is all right 
Hello . I would like to buy some business cards 
Excellent . How many would you like 
Two thousand would be fine 
You need to fill out this form , please 
All I want is the same thing on this card 
That will be no problem , sir 
... Okay , I'm finished . Here's your form and my old card 
Very good , sir . Your order will be ready in one week 
Do you think you could finish it in three days 
No problem , sir . But it will cost you extra 
Your garden is looking very beautiful this summer . The flowers are really colorful 
Thank you . I have roses , tulips , and daffodils . Do you like the rockery with the smaller flowers 
Yes , I do . Those are violets , aren ’ t they 
Yes , they are . This afternoon , I ’ m going to prune the hedge 
The lower branches on that tree are hanging very low . Would you like me to cut them off for you 
Thank you ! That would be very kind of you . I have a saw in the garden shed 
When the lower branches are removed , you ’ ll be able to sit under the tree 
Tomorrow , I ’ ll cut the grass . Then the garden will look perfect 
Just make sure children don ’ t play in the flower beds and destroy the flowers 
do you have a minute 
sure , what would you like to discuss 
I've made a tough decision , sir . Here's my resignation 
well , I have to tell you that I'm quite surprised . Is there any possible way to change your mind 
I'm afraid not , sir . I've made up my mind . It's something I have to do 
can I ask why ? Were you unhappy working for us 
oh , no . not at all 
are you planning on studying abroad 
no , sir 
have you been given a better offer 
Oh , no . I would never look for another job while working here . I think this is a fantastic place to work 
well , what's the problem then 
it's my mother . She's sick and needs someone to take care of her . I'm the only one who can do it 
I'm sorry to hear that , but you don't need to quit over that . Why don't you just take a leave of absence ? We can hold your job for you until your mother gets better 
really ? I didn't know that would be possible 
sure , we'd be carry to lose a good worker like you 
thanks , sir 
Would you mind if I ask you whether you are married or not 
To be frank , I was married once , and now I'm single 
Do you mean you got a divorce 
Yes , my first marriage was a failure 
911 . What can I do for you 
I am reporting a break-in 
When did it happen 
It happened last night 
Where did it happen 
It happened at my house 
What was taken 
I don't know 
How do you know there was a break-in 
Someone busted my window 
I will send a squad car to your house right now 
Please do 
What is included in a job advertisement 
Generally speaking , there are the company , the job title , job description , requirement , and so on 
What are the accesses of the job ads 
There are many sources , such as newspaper , Internet and direct visit 
Look , Forest Gump is on at six thirty 
Really ? It was on in 1994 for the first time . And it is really a classic 
Yeah , I am very impressed with Tom Hanks ' performance in the movie 
I am also impressed with the lines in the movie 
Life is like a box of chocolates , you never know what you're gonna get 
That's my favorite 
You know , it also won 6 Oscar awards in 1995 . Unbelievable 
It deserves . That film can give us a lot of inspiration 
Yes , the Forrest's experience can encourage the people in trouble 
All in all , it will never lose its appeal 
Gucci , I have an idea . Do you want to see this movie together 
Sure . Now you are talking 
Good afternoon . What can I do for you 
I booked a room here 
Your name , please 
Brown , Jason Brown 
Wait for a minute , Mr . Brown , a single room with bath from today to the fifteenth 
That's right
Would you like to register now 
Yes 
Could you fill out this registration form , please 
OK . Is this all right 
Yes . Thank you . May I see your passport , please 
Here you are 
Thank you . Will you be paying in cash or by credit card 
In cash 
Your room number is 210 . The bellboy will show you the way there . I hope you enjoy your stay 
Thanks 
How much do you make a month 
Mind your own business 
Hello , hot water overflowed from the bathtub . Would you help me 
Would you turn off the tap 
I did it 
Then will you put all the towels under the bathroom door 
Ok , I will 
I will have our housekeeper come right away 
I am sorry , I was too tired to fall asleep 
When you woke up , the water was coming out the tub 
Right . Can I compensate for the damage with the travel accident insurance 
Okay , Doctor , tell it to me straight 
If you want to live much longer you have to give up smoking 
I've tried before . Everything I've tried doesn't work 
Maybe with the choice of life or death before you , you will find it easier 
May I see that x-ray again 
See all these black areas ? That's tar built up in your Lungs 
And that is what's causing my shortness of breath 
Look at it this way , when you quit , you will save money , time and your life 
What a surprise we've met here 
Haven't seen you for ages.Where have you been 
I've been in China.Where were you 
In Thailand . I taught English there 
Are you sure you can't lend me five thousand dollars 
Hmm ... I'll tell you what . I'll lend you four thousand dollars , but you have to pay me back next week 
It's a deal 
I just got laid off . The awful business , you know 
I ’ m very sorry to hear about that . So are you all right 
Yeah , I ’ m better after talking to you 
Oh , you poor thing 
Your knowledge of English is really surprising 
Oh , it's nothing to speak of 
No , seriously . I'm impressed 
Thank you . I appreciate the compliment 
A table for two , please 
All right . How about this one by the window 
Thank you . It's fine 
May I take your order now , sir 
What do you recommend ? We'd like some of your local specialities 
Our restaurant is famous for its seafood 
One cream of fish soup and two portions of prawns 
Shrimp salad is our speciality , took
No , I think it's enough 
What would you like to drink 
A juice and a coke 
The Phoenix team overpowered its counterpart 86 to 50 
They're absolutely right to get a replacement for 21 
If the Phoenix beats the Rocket , it will enter the final 
No way , if it still has 21 
And what's your vision 
20/350 
Mine's 20/20 . Life just isn't fair , is it 
Oh , yes , it is 
What do you mean 
You'll find out when we're in the woods and you have to go to the bathroom ..
They don't have toilets at the campground 
Let's just say I'll have it easy ..
Which route are you interested in 
I think the four days ' tour from New York to Atlantic City will be fine 
That's a good choice 
What is the departure date 
We have parties every Saturday from June to October 
Mike , what are you doing tonight 
Nothing special . I just want to get plastered 
I don't feel like drinking tonight . I'm gonna hang out at YY's 
YY's ? That place is boring . How about Xara's ? It's real classy , and they keep the place spin and span 
Yeah , but it's expensive . Nah , I'm going to YY's 
On second thought , I think I'll join you 
They ' Ve just renovated the place . You may be surprised 
Wow , they really went to town on this place 
Quite a difference , huh 
Sure is . Waiter , bring us two drafts , please 
Ah hah.Thought you were't drinking 
When in Rome , do as the Romans do 
Professor , I will not be here for our next class meeting 
Is this absolutely necessary 
I tried to work something out , but I really do have to miss one class 
Will you be able to make up the work you missed 
I'm going to be doing a lot of extra reading 
Remember that I will only let you miss one class meeting per semester 
Yes , I remember 
Could you e-mail me this week as a reminder 
Sure , no problem 
Make good use of that day off ; you'll only have one this semester 
I often recalled the days when Tom and I were madly in love 
Very romantic 
Yeah . He always tickled my finny bone with his college stories 
You married him for that reason 
Definitely not . The most important thing was we loved each other 
Let's go over this plan again 
From Vancouver , we bike along the border all the way to Winnipeg 
And that is mostly flat , right 
Relatively , once we're out of Alberta , anyway . Then it's hills again in Aitoba 
And from Winnipeg we go around the lakes through Toronto , right 
That's right . And up in to Quebec . And that's where we stop 
It doesn't sound like that much when we go over the plan but that's a long , long ride 
Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime 
Excuse me , sir . Can I help you 
I'd be glad to have your help . Could you make the air-conditioner cooler 
I'm sorry . We can not regulate the air-conditioner . As soon as the plane takes off we'll be able to get better ventilation , and the temperature here will drop . Let me get a wet towel for you at the moment 
Good idea 
Your wet towel , sir 
Thank you . Could I have something cold to drink 
Yes . We have mineral water , orange juice , coke , which do you prefer 
Orange juice , please 
Would you like some ice in your drink 
Yes 
How much would you like 
One or two cubes will be OK 
Here you are , sir 
I'm awfully sorry to have bothered you 
It's my pleasure 
Please accept this tip 
How slowly you drive 
I'm sorry . Something is wrong with my taxi 
Where does it go wrong 
Let me stop my car for check . Oh , my god . I got a flat tyre 
Can it keep going 
Sorry . You'd better get off for taking another taxi 
I've got to go home and study 
For what 
The test tomorrow 
If you don't know it by now , you might as well not bother studying 
Jenny is going to marry another man next month 
Yes , I know 
But , how can you be so calm . You loved her so much 
At least I ’ m the one who rates with her . I ’ m glad we can still be friends 
He said I have a big nose . I wonder what that means 
You are interested in other people ’ s business , aren ’ t you 
Does he mean I am inquisitive or I ’ m noisy 
Yes 
who is your favorite NBA star 
Kobe Bryant , of course 
Kobe ? I know him , the key guy of the Lakers , a heck of a NBA player . He is on fire when he breaks through enemy defense 
He is competent both in driving the lane and shooting jumpers , but what really makes him formidable is his ability to switch up and dribble with his left hand 
Maybe he is not good ay rebounding 
indeed , no man can be perfect . He is just so-so in crashing the boards . Usually he plays shooting guard . Rebounding might not be his strong suit 
Kobe came to Beijing during this summer's Olympics . Did you go to the match between China and USA 
who wouldn't ! My friend Lee went so far as to get an autograph from him 
well then , what are your spoils 
well , nothing more than a jumble of photographs 
What post have you held before 
I have been a salesman 
How many places have you worked altogether 
Welcome to my birthday party , I am so happy you can come 
Thanks for inviting me . Here is the gift for you . Happy birthday , Francis ! Many more happy and healthy years for you 
Thank you , shall I open it now 
Yes , please do 
Wow , a remote car model and my favorite brand . I really like it . That is so nice of you 
Yeah , I was really struggling whether I should give you this nice little car . It was the last one they had and I really like it so much myself 
Typical you , always wanting to keep the best things for yourself . The more I appreciate the gift now 
Hello , there . How can I help 
Hello . I'm hoping to buy some Treasury Certificates today . Are they available 
Certainly , Visible Treasury Certificates . Then you can get a receipt from the savings office as proof of payment . Hence the ' visible ' , you can see it 
Ah , right . How much do I need to spend 
The minimum is 100 RIB , and the maximum is 500,000 RIB 
How about Bearer Certificates ? Are they different 
Yes , they are different because they are printed by the Ministry of Finance in set amounts . Just 100 RIB , 500 RIB and 1,000 RIB , you cannot choose from many amounts , you see 
Here we are this is my favorite place 
How many times have you been here 
I've never counted 
I would like to sit near the window 
Please be seated . It's my treat today 
Thank you 
It's so busy here 
Fast food restaurants are popular now 
What would you like to eat 
I'd like to have a steak sandwich and a medium fry 
Want something to drink 
Coke please . Oh , no , a cup of hot chocolate will be fine 
Can we talk about the working overtime issue ? What ’ s on your mind 
Yes , sure . To be honest , nobody would like to work overtime . However , we have to if it is necessary for our company . I would do that if it is the call of duty 
Glad to hear that . Generally , it is 2 to 3 hours more than your working hours 
OK , I completely understand 
What's wrong , Jerry ? You look so upset 
To be honest , I was just dumped 
Oh , I'm sorry to hear that . You can go on a holiday cheer you up 
No , thanks . I'm not in the mood for traveling 
Come on . A trip will do you good . Are you doing anything this weekend 
I was planning on doing a lot of wallowing 
Well , my friends and I are planning on going to Shangri-La on Saturday . Do you want to come with us 
Where is that 
Not very far from here . We'll fly . It's about one and a half hours 
What's there to see 
There is a large canyon , vast grasslands , ancient forests and mountain lakes 
Oh , sounds nice 
Yes , the scenery there is breathtaking . I have some pictures at home . You can come over and take a look if you like
Ok . Then I can make up my mind 
Hey honey ! Where were you 
I decided to take Kenny to the park and get some fresh air 
How was it ? Were there a lot of kids 
It wasn't too crowded , but we had a great time ! We got on the see-saw together , then went on a couple of different slides and then I tried to go with him in the jungle gym , but I didn't fit 
Sounds like fun ! When we go he always just likes to play in the sandbox 
Yeah , but today he was really hyper . He even got on the monkey bars and then he went on to go on the swings for a half hour . I'm exhausted 
You should go to the park more often since you don't go to the gym anymore 
Hello 
Hi , Randy . What are you doing right now 
Nothing . Just watching TV 
I ’ Ve got two tickets for a newly released film . Would you like to see it with me 
Sure . What time 
The film will start at 2
Sounds good . Where and when will we meet 
In my parking lot , at 2pm 
All right . See you then 
It's wonderful to be in the mountains after a hustle bustle week 
Indeed . I love the smell of the grass and trees . They certainly refresh my mind 
Can we stop here for a while ? My backpack is very heavy 
Sure . Did you hear anything ? Look ! An eagle is hovering in the sky 
Let me see . It's not an eagle . I think it's a vulture 
Yes . Will it hurt us 
I don't think so . Let's walk by the stream . I am sure we can find the waterfall on the map 
OK . I have a good pair of hiking boots . It should not be a big problem 
I also brought a bottle of water and some provisions . If you are hungry , you can let me know 
You are kind . Look there is a big tree over there , it looks like a thousand-year-old tree 
Well , it is a birch tree.It is not as old as you think 
How do you know 
Because its trunk is not thick enough to be like a thousand-year-old tree 
Dam it , I'm running out of money again , I really need to balance my budget and handle my money better 
You did spend too much , and most of the expense was kind of unnecessary 
But I make it 
No , you don't have to spend every penny you make , you could save some every month , like a lot of other people do 
I work hard so I deserve to enjoy , but that costs money 
You should save in case of an emergency , you need to have more self-control , what things did you spend money on 
The problem is that I have no idea . I didn't pay attention 
Let's bygones be bygones , start saving right now 
This man is your fiance , Dolly 
Yeah , how do you like him 
He's handsome 
Can you give me a touch of his character 
He's outgoing and honest , but sometimes he's a bit conservative 
I can't find the price tag 
It's right here . $ 100 
But I heard other stores were having great mark-downs on this item 
Ours are of really good quality 
I see , please wrap it 
Mark ? What were you up to yesterday ? I called you , but there wasn ’ t anybody home 
We went out to the stadium . Bob hadn ’ t been to a game for a few weeks 
How ’ d it go ? Did we win 
Nope , lost again . But , it was a good game 
Did you like the play 
Not really . It's a dull one , and the production isn't satisfactory , either 
You're absolutely right . The acting could be better 
To be fair , though , both the costumes and scenery are marvelous 
Hi , I'd like to return this radio 
All right . Do you have the receipt 
Here it is 
May I ask why you're returning the radio 
It does not work very well 
Would you like to exchange it 
No . I'd just like a refund 
Certainly . This will take only a few seconds 
How about a movie on Sunday , Mum 
Well , I'm afraid your father's not interested in modern films 
We could find a classical one 
That sounds fine 
I like to drive on freeway 
Don't drive too fast 
Don't worry.There ' re few cars now 
Be careful.It ' s dangerous to drive fast 
May I take your order now , sir 
Yes , please . I'd like to start with a chef ’ s salad 
Chef ’ s salad for starter . And what would you like to have for the main course 
I'll have steak 
How would you like your steak done 
Medium 
And what would you like to go with your steak 
Peas and carrots 
Potatoes 
Boiled 
Thank you 
I need my minibar restocked 
Everything is gone , sir 
There's not a drop left of anything 
Is there anything in particular you want 
Yes , the Perrier and the Jim Beam hit the spot . Let me have three more of each 
Got it . Anything else 
I really liked the apples . Bring me a couple of apples , please 
Not a problem . Anything else 
Oh , yes , one more thing
Someone will be up shortly with your order , sir 
Mom , I'm ready for school 
Let me feel your forehead . I'm so glad it wasn't strep throat 
I don't have a fever , and I'm ready for my test 
But I'm not sure you're strong enough yet . Here's some seafood rice soup I made . It's delicious 
I'm fine , Mom . I feel so much better . I want to go to school . I'm missing out on all the fun 
But the last two days were a weekend 
Let me go to school , please ! I'm sick of medicine , sick of soup , and sick of being sick 
So , Is this your first time to TAIWAN 
No , I first came here 1995 
Oh , really ? And you are from the State , right 
Well , I am from Canada . Actually 
Oh , I am so sorry 
That ' ok . That's happens all the time 
Hi , David ! What are you doing 
Oh , just looking at these club notices . I'm thinking of joining one . Hey-why don't we join a club together ? How about the Tennis Club 
Actually , I'm not good at tennis at all ..
Neither am I . It's just that the best-looking girls are in that club 
Oh , come on . That's no reason to do something you're not interested in 
Well ... What are you interested in 
How about the Classical Music Club 
Joanna , give me a break 
Hey-how about the Cinema Club 
Sounds OK to me . I like movies . Hey , Joanna , look - there are a lot of decent-looking guys here . And the club jackets - they're really hot ! I think we made the right choice 
Jack I hear you have a chance to go to college without taking a test . Is that right 
The news goes so fast . Ah , yes , I haven't decided yet 
Don't hesitate . That's a very famous university which a lot of students are longing to attain 
Maybe you are right . But the major is not fit for me . I like architecture more than computers 
But this chance is really precious 
Well , I know . So I am thinking now 
I hope you can make a clever choice . Anyway , the opportunities around you are not that By 
Thank you for your kindness . I will think about it carefully 
Hey , Shirley . The party has been wonderful . My husband and my children have enjoyed it very much , and me too 
I've said you will enjoy your life here 
I surely will . By the way , is the party like this held every weekend in our neighborhood 
Oh , I've forgotten to tell you . The party is held every other week . And every family gives their own performance each time 
My children would like that ; they like dancing very much 
That's good 
Look ! Who is that guy on the stage 
Oh , my God ! That's my husband , Benjamin 
Really 
He likes American Idol very much , and he always imitates the contestant at home . I can't believe he got on the stage himself 
He performs very well . He is so funny 
OK , just ignore him . I've noticed there are lots of exercise facilities in our community . After dinner you can go there for a walk with your family 
OK , that's perfect ! By the way , is there any playground in our neighborhood 
Yes , there is one behind our building . And you can play tennis there . But if you want to play tennis there , they will change you 30 Yuan per hour 
OK , got it ! Thank you so much . You have helped me a lot 
You are welcome ! We are neighbors 
Tim ’ s smiles are interesting 
Yes , they are shy and gentle but very powerful 
You are right . They sweep Nancy off her feet . And now she fell head over heels in love with him 
How wonderful it would be if I had such smiles 
Do you like shopping at flea markets 
l love it . There is always something fascinating to discover 
The antiques market here in Paris is very famous . It's called Le marche aux puces de Saint-Ouen 
That's not very easy to say 
It's also known as Les Puces , which means ‘ The Fleas ' 
Can you find many bargains there 
Well , it really depends . Because you are a tourist , it might be harder for you to get really good prices 
Elegance Hotel , is there anything I can do for you 
Hello , I would like to make a reservation for four nights next week , from Tuesday to Friday 
All right , single or double room 
Single room with a bath room , please . I would like a room with a view of the whole city 
All right . We have a single room available right now 
What's the rate , please 
578 yuan a night , plus VAT , including air-conditioner and TV 
Does that include breakfast ? Can I make calls on outside line 
Yes , it includes English breakfast . For the phone , I am afraid you can not 
OK , that's fine . Could you hold it for me 
Would you like to confirm the reservation 
Do you think you could keep the noise down 
I'm sorry . Am I keeping you awake 
Yes . And another thing , would you mind not making long distance calls 
I'm sorry . I thought you wouldn't mind 
Can I help you , madam 
Yes , I'm looking for a new winter coat 
Have you any particular color in mind 
I don't know really . What's the fashional color this year 
Red is very popular 
Good . Red suits me very well . It's a cheerful color , isn't it 
Yes , madam , I agree . What size are you 
Well , I used to be size fourteen , but I've put on a bit of weight recently , so may be sixteen 
Here you are , madam . All these are sixteens 
I quite like this one . How much is it 
It's $ 180 
Oh , that's too expensive . Aren't there any cheaper ones 
These are our cheapest coats , madam 
Yes , I see . I'll take it . Here's $ 200 
Here's your change 
Thank you 
I could get along fine without all the office politics 
What's going on 
There is a position I've had my eye on for several months now and I had good reason to believe that it was mine for the asking 
So what happened 
We were awarded government funding last year and in order to keep it we have to hire so Ay new employees 
So what does that have to do with this position 
Someone in the main office has a nephew who he thinks can slide right into the Management position I wanted 
All under the precept of keeping the funding ? That stinks 
I hear you're entering the speech contest , Mike 
That's right . I thought I'd give it a shot 
Well , I wish you good luck 
Good evening , sir , and welcome to Chez Attitude 
We have a dinner reservation for four at 7:00 under the name of Foster 
Yes , Mr . Foster , if you would please be seated over in the waiting area , our hostess will be with you in a moment 
Thank you . Would it be OK if we have a cocktail while we are waiting 
Of course , I will tell her 
I would really prefer an outside table . Would that be possible 
Sure , if you would like one of those tables , I could seat you right away 
Sure , that would be great ! Thank you 
Here are your menus and the wine menu , and would you like to order your drinks now 
Yes , I would like a vodka gimlet , please 
Sure , no problem , sir 
Thank you very much 
Everybody , I'd like to propose a toast to Mary Johnson , Teacher of the Year . She worked hard all year . She really deserved the honor 
Yes , we're all proud of her 
Here's to you , Mary 
Cheers 
I am sorry . I ’ Ve left my disk at home 
Thank you all the same 
Didn't you say you were planning a trip to China ? I heard the northwest and north of China are experiencing severe sandstorms 
I was planning to go to Beijing first and then go to northwest China ! Looks like I'm in trouble 
Definitely . I heard Beijing was experiencing seven degree strong winds ! That is nearly a record high 
No way ! I don't think I've ever encountered winds that strong ! Are the storms affecting land and air transportation 
Absolutely ! I don't think any planes are going anywhere . The sand being blown around has cut visibility in Beijing to less than 100 meters . But inseems Gansu Province is being hit the hardest 
That's exactly where I was planning to go 
Well , this storm originated in the plateaus in northwest China . At the moment , that area is calmer 
I need to get my internet fixed 
What's the problem with your internet 
It won't connect 
How long has this been happening 
This problem has been happening for a few days now 
The internet doesn't come up at all 
It just won't connect to a webpage , but it will pop up 
There's obviously a problem with your connection 
I'm going to need someone to come and fix it for me 
I can send somebody right now to fix it 
How long will it take for them to get here 
They'll be there in about an hour 
Can you help me pick out a gift for my daughter 
She might like a laptop computer 
Yes , that sounds like a good idea 
Might I suggest a Mac 
Okay . How much 
Well , a 15 - inch Pro is $ 2,100 
Oh , that sounds great . I'll take it 
Great . How would you like to pay for it 
Here's my VISA 
Let me ring you up . Okay , sign here , please 
Everything I need is in this box 
It'll take her only a few minutes to get online 
Thank you for your help 
So long . Thank you for shopping here 
Good afternoon . I'd like to speak with Tom Smith 
I'm afraid he's away from his desk at the moment 
Do you know when he will be back 
He's away on a business trip . He won't be back until some time next week 
Is there some way I can get into contact with him 
The best way to reach him is by cell phone . I'll give you his number 
Thanks . And could I have his e-mail , just in case I can't get him by phone 
Sure . His cell phone is 09112223 33 . And his e-mail is lower case t , smith--that's one word , at , c , c , w , dot , com , dot , t , w 
Thank you so much . Does he read his e-mails daily 
Yes . He usually replies immediately 
Great . Thanks again . You've been very helpful 
My pleasure . I hope you get a hold of him 
What is this big box at the front door 
Oh . I don't know what to do . I joined this club a long time ago and I didn't read the fine print 
What did you get yourself into 
I didn't realize that I have to buy something from them every six months 
So , what's in the box ? A fridge 
It's a curio cabinet . The only thing is I don't even own those kinds of little keepsakes 
I guess you'll read the fine print next time , won't you 
Don't rub it in . Where am I going to put this huge thing 
Mail room . Karen speaking 
Hi , Karen . This is John Williams in the purchasing department . Can you check to see if there ’ s a package down there for me 
Certainly , Mr . Williams . Just one moment , please 
Thanks , Karen 
excuse me , could you tell me which line I ’ m supposed to stand in to buy bubble wrap and to post a package 
you can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ’ ll have to stand in line over here to post your passage 
that ’ s a really long line . How long do you think it ’ ll take to get through all those people 
it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ’ ll probably be about an hour ’ s wait 
can I buy stamps here 
sure . How many would you like 
I need 30 for my Christmas cards 
are you sending them abroad 
twenty of them are going abroad to China and America 
do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive 
no 
ok , here you go . That will be 18 pounds and seventy two pence 
and the bubble wrap 
that ’ s another quid 
thanks a lot . You ’ Ve been very helpful 
Hello . Do you have anything for a little girl 
Well , we have some new Barbie dolls 
That's a great idea . Show me the Barbie dolls 
Here's one — the new , beautiful Digital Barbie . This doll is hot 
How lovely ! How much is she 
It's only $ 29.95 
No problem . Let me have one 
That's great . Anything else 
No , thank you . That's all I need at the moment 
The grand total is $ 32.42 . How would you like to pay 
I'll give you cash 
Thank you so much for shopping here . Here's your change and receipt 
Hello , this is Rich 
Hi , Rich . Is Jim here 
He ’ s not in at the moment . Can I take a message 
Sure . This is Claire 
Does have your telephone number 
No , it ’ s 3725019281 
3725015281 
No , it ’ s 3725019281 , it ’ s a 9 , not a 5 
Right . I ’ ll have him call you back 
Can you tell him that it ’ s urgent 
Sure can 
Thanks a lot 
No problem 
Bye 
Goodbye 
May I see your boarding pass 
Here you go 
48C . It's on your left hand side 
Thank you 
Please fasten your seat belt , miss 
Oops ! I forgot 
Also , please place your carry-on luggage either under your seat or in the overhead compartment 
I think I'll put my bag in the overhead compartment 
Allow me to give you a hand 
So you've been attending night classes for a while now . Do you feel it's helping you 
Yes , furthering my education is already bringing about positive results in my workplace as it has boosted my confidence.As well the tutoring system my school employs offers courses uniquely suite
Really ? That's great that you found a school that puts your need first 
As well my company has been very supportive about my decision.They ' Ve cut back my working hours in order to accommodate my studies 
That's great . They must really be committed to staff development 
They are.We definitely see eye-to eye on my enhanced performance being a win-win situation for everyone involved 
Good morning , Mr . Smith . Would you like to see around the factory 
Yes , I would like to 
This is our office block . We have all the administrative department here , Sales , Accounts , Personnel , Market Research and so on 
Good evening , sir . What can I do for you 
I would like to have my coat washed 
OK , please fill in the form first 
That's it.By the way when can I get it back 
We will send it to your room at 4:00 pm tomorrow 
Well , but I need it tomorrow morning 
We have express service as well . It charges 30 % more but I assure your coat will be ready tomorrow morning 
That's fine . Please send it to my room tomorrow morning 
I am sorry to make you run down to the office for me 
No trouble . I enjoyed helping you 
What can I do for you 
I am looking for a pair of trousers . Do you have any good ideas 
What about jeans ? It's the fashion now 
I don't like it . Actually I am looking slacks 
Then , how about this 
It seems all right . Do you have pantaloons 
What is your hobby 
I spend most of my spare time reading . And I subscribe to various newspapers , magazines and periodicals 
What kind of reading materials do you like best 
I am interested in science fiction 
The hotel operator . Anything I can do for you 
I've been trying to get through to the booking office for the last ten minutes . But the line has been engaged all the time . Why is it taking so long 
I'm sorry to hear that . I'm afraid it is often the case during the peak hours . Shall I ask them to call you when the line is free 
OK . Please do so if it is not troublesome 
No trouble at all . May I know your name and room number 
I'm Du Juan , in Room 312 
I see . Wait in the room , please 
Thank you for your kindness 
How about 15 % the first six months and the second six months at 12 % with a guarantee of 3000 units 
That's a lot to sell with very low profit margins 
It's about the best we can do , Smith . We need to hammer something out today . If I go back empty-handed , I may be coming back to you soon to ask for a job 
OK . 17 % the first six months , 14 % for the second 
Good . Let's iron out the remaining details . When do you want to take delivery 
We'd like you to execute the first order by the 31 st 
Let me run through this again , the first shipment for 1500 units to be delivered in 27 days by the 31 st 
Right . We couldn't handle much larger shipments 
Fine . But I'd prefer the first shipment to be 1000 units , the next 2000 . The 31 st is quite soon , I can't guarantee 1500 
I can agree to that . Well , if there's nothing else , I think we've settled everything 
Tom , this deal promises big returns for both sides . Let's hope it's the beginning of a long and prosperous relationship 
Is there a vacant table for two now 
Yes , sir , let me show you the table . This way please 
Well , we would like to sit over there . Is that all right 
Of course 
Welcome to Lincoln Bank . Which service do you require today 
I'm here to ask about a loan 
We have many loans on offer . May I ask what the purpose of the loan is 
I got married not long ago and we are expecting our first child . I'd like to buy a car for the family 
I see . What you need is one of our Petty Consumer Loans 
Could you tell me what the requirements are for that , please 
Certainly . It's quite simple really . Do you hold a resident's permit 
Yes , I do . I was born and bred here 
That's great . We'll also need details of your occupation 
I have all of that with me . I've also banked here for a number of years 
I want to buy some meat 
What kind would you like 
I want one pound of ground beef 
That's going to be about $ 2.48 
That will be fine 
What else can I get for you 
Let me also have three pounds of chicken breasts 
That's going to be $ 4.05 a pound 
Can you tell me the total cost of the chicken breasts 
That will be $ 12.15 
That's all I'm going to get today 
That's fine . Let me get your meat 
Why don't you sit down and relax , darling 
I don't want to 
Well , come over and talk to me then 
Certainly not 
May I turn on the TV then 
Turn on the TV for what 
So that we can sit down together and listen to some music 
Listen to the music ? And who will cook dinner , will you 
I will , but let's go to the disco after dinner 
To a disco ? Oh , no . You know I hate it 
Hello , this is Shogun Restaurant 
Hello , I need to make a dinner reservation 
Can you tell me what night you will be coming 
We will be coming to your restaurant on Tuesday night 
What time will you be dining with us 
Our first choice would be 7
How many guests will be in your party 
Four of us will be coming 
Please just give me your name , and at 7
Great ! Our last name is Foster 
Thank you , Mr . Foster , see you this Tuesday at 7
I look forward to having dinner at your restaurant . Thank you for your help 
A :: Mr Clinton , it's nice to see you again 
Nice to see you again , too . Peter . How's your family 
A :: Very well . How's Mrs Clinton 
Not bad , But she's as busy as before 
Hi , I ’ m Cindy , the office clerk . What can I do for you 
Hi , I ’ m Henry Wilson from number 37 
Hi Henry . How are you ? Is everything Okay in your apartment 
Yes . Everything is fine in the apartment . But I know nothing about this area . Could I ask you some questions 
Yes , please 
Can you tell me the postal code for this building 
Yes , it ’ s L8V 4B7 
Thank you . Also , how can I get my mailbox key 
I ’ ll tell Peter to bring your key to your apartment right away 
Who ’ s Peter 
He ’ s the superintendent of this building 
Thanks a lot . I ’ Ve got one more question 
No problem . Go ahead , please 
Where can I change the address on my driver ’ s license 
The Department of Motor Vehicles office is at 212 Barton Street North 
Can you give me directions to the office 
We are at 2368 King Street East 
Yes 
So , it ’ s easy to get to the office from here . From your apartment , just drive along King Street East for about one kilometer and you ’ ll see a three-story blue building on your right . That ’ s the Department of Motor Vehicles building where you can change your driver ’ s license 
What floor is the office on 
It ’ s on the first floor 
Thank you very much 
You are very welcome 
Good morning , sir . I am ready to check out now 
OK , sir . Please wait a moment , we will check your room 
May I have my bill now 
Sure . how would you like to pay 
Cash , please 
What does your mother do , may I ask 
My mother works in a company as an accountant 
Is she busy 
Not always , she's rather busy at the end of the year 
What's that 
These drawings on the wall are process sheets 
Oh 
They describe how each process goes on to the next 
Any phone calls for me while I was out 
Yes , your wife and your dentist called 
Thank you 
You're welcome 
Yuck . The carrots taste awful and salty . Hi sis , how do you like them 
I like them very much . They are delicious 
Well , you can have all my carrots 
Daniel , hold on for a minute . What are you trying to pull there 
Nothing . Just that I don't care for these carrots.Hi , sis . , I saw you buy some chocolate cakes . I am done with the main course . It's about time for some dessert 
Oh , you want my chocolate cakes , so to speak 
No , no , I'm just thinking of some dessert . And I have had enough carrots 
Daniel , carrots contain much Vitamin C . It is good for you 
I know , but chocolate cake is even better 
Oh , stop it ! You know you need vegetables . You will end up fat if you don't watch your diet , now 
Well , actually , I don't mind eating carrots , but chocolate cakes are much better . You know I was born with a sweet tooth 
Well , Peter . I'm sorry you're ill . What's the matter with you 
I don't know , Doctor . I'm ill . I have a headache and a stomachache 
Show me your torgue.What did you eat yesterday 
Well , Doctor , I . . 
Did you eat any cake 
Yes , I ate some cake 
Did you eat any ice cream 
Well , yes , I did . I ate some ice cream 
Did you eat any candy 
Well , yes , I did . I ate some candy 
Young man , tell me everything you ate yesterday evening 
weki , Doctor . I went to a birthday party 
I see ! How many pieces of cake did you eat 
Three , Doctor 
How many plates of ice ream did you eat , young man 
Gosh , Doctor . I had only three plates of ice cream.John had four 
Steward 
Yes , ma'am 
May I have a magazine or something 
Certainly . Just a moment . I'll be right back with one . Which do you prefer , one in English or in Chinese 
One in English , please 
All right , ma'am 
Pete's Pizza , may I help you 
Yes , I have one of your buy one , get one free coupons , and I'd like to order two large pizzas 
Will that be for pick-up or delivery 
Delivery , please 
Can I get your phone number 
Sure . It's 2331-7600 
And your address 
2244 Forest Drive 
Would you like to have dinner with me tonight 
Sorry , I have to work overtime 
You are really career minded 
My boss promised to pay me double time 
May I help you 
Yes , I am wondering if I can join the sightseeing tour in your hotel 
Of course . How many people are there in your party 
4 persons altogether 
OK , I will arrange it for you 
Thank you . Put the charge on my bills , please 
Good evening , this is housekeeping . May I help you 
Yes . This is room 207 . There isn't any hot water in my bath room . Can you send somebody here , and do something about it 
Yes , sir . We'll be there shortly 
I am glad you are here ! See if you can find the problem 
Everything is OK now 
Thank you for repairing it 
You are welcome . It's our job to keep things running smoothly 
How much is the voucher worth 
It is worth 100 yuan and your bill comes to 230 yuan . The difference is 130 , please 
Here it is 
Thank you , sir . Could you sign the voucher here , please 
OK . Here you are 
Thank you , sir . Hope to see you again soon 
Can I get my dress today 
You have ordered a red dress , is that right 
Yes . Is that available now 
Yes , here you are . Try it in front of the mirror 
Excuse me , This bus goes down town , doesn ’ t it 
Yes , where do you want to go 
The worker stadium 
This is the right bus 
Do you let me know where to get off 
Certainly . Four more stops after this . I ’ ll call out the stops 
Thank you 
Are you ready to order yet , sir 
Yes , I think so . I ’ d like to have one medium steak , and a bottle of wine 
Yes , sir . It'll be a moment 
Ok 
I'm tired 
Well , you've been working on this assignment for five hours 
Yeah , I need to take a break 
What are you doing for Christmas this year 
All my relatives are getting together at my house 
That's great . M OST of my family is coming home too 
Who can't make it in your family 
My sister.She is going to her in-law's house this year 
That's too bad . So , what did you ask for Christmas this year 
I asked Santa to bring me a new sweater and some computer games 
I want some computer games also . I gave my parents a really long Christmas list 
I hope that I get what I asked for 
So what does your family do on Christmas Day 
We wake up early and go to church.Then we come back home and open our gifts together . How about you 
Our family is a little different . We go to church on Christmas Eve instead 
I'm hungry , let's order up something to eat 
Ok , maybe we can order a soup and a salad from the restaurant down the street 
I was thinking of getting a hamburger , fries and a chocolate sundae 
You eat too much junk food . That sort of stuff clogs up your arteries and is very high in cholesterol 
Well I never seem to gain weight so I don't mind 
It's not only about getting fat or not , it's about being healthy . You could really have some health problems later on 
How about pizza or maybe some fried chicken ! Better yet , let's order some hot dogs 
You are a lost cause 
Good morning . Could I speak to Frans Smith please 
Frans Smith ? I think you may have the wrong number 
Is this Taiwan 8234342 2 , DS engineering 
It is . But there is no Frans Smith here . Do you know which department he works in 
The accounts department , I think 
The accounts department , no problem . I'm just putting you through now 
Mary sings much better than Susan , doesn't she 
Yes.But Mary is no match for Susan in painting 
Maybe it's because Susan's parents are both painters 
Excuse me . Nature calls 
If you gotta go , you gotta go 
Excuse me . How much for a two liter bottle of Coke 
87 cents 
How come so cheap 
It ’ s on sale this week 
I ’ ll take one . And here is a dollar 
Here ’ s your change 
Thank you very much 
Ms.Dawson , I need you to take a dictation for me 
Yes , sir ..
This should go out as an intra-office memorandum to all employees by this afternoon.Are you ready 
Yes , sir.Go ahead 
Attention all staff ... Effective immediately , all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos.The use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited 
Sir , does this apply to intra-office communications only ? Or will it also restrict external communications 
It should apply to all communications , not only in this office between employees , but also any outside communications 
But sir , many employees use Instant Messaging to communicate with their clients 
They will just have to change their communication methods . I don't want any - one using Instant Messaging in this office.It wastes too much time ! Now , please continue with the memo.Where were we 
This applies to internal and external communications 
Yes.Any employee who persists in using Instant Messaging will first receive a warning and be placed on probation.At second offense , the employee will face termination.Any questions regarding this new policy may be directed to department heads 
Is that all 
Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm 
I failed the exam because I didn't study 
Serves you right 
Could you do me a favor and proofread my resume before I send it out to the human resources department 
Sure , let me take a look ... Personal Information , Education , Experience , Training ... I think you should add another section for language . You speak three languages , so you might as well put that on your resume 
But languages don't have anything to do with engineering . Shouldn't everything I put on my resume have something to do with my field 
Not necessarily . I think people would be impressed by your language abilities . It says something about your level of intellect and experience . Also , I think human resources directors want to see more of a well-rounded person in a resume 
It's just a piece of paper , you think that they can tell if I am a well-rounded person by looking at it 
Well , you're right , the resume is limited in how much it can tell someone about a person . That's why job interviews are important to let people know the real you that they can't see from a piece of paper . But resumes can be helpful in explaining things and giving a good impression to a potential employer 
I'm sorry to trouble you but there is a lot of noise in next room 
Oh , is there ? Which room is it 
It ... , I think the neighbor on the right 
You mean the room 1818 
I'm not sure , but I think so . I'm very exhaust but I can't sleep 
All right madam , I'll check and tell them to be quiet 
If the nest room is still noisy , could you give me a different room please 
Well , it's too bad that we like different kinds of movies . Maybe we're just different kinds of people 
Yeah it's too bad ... but actually I think I know what to do 
What's that 
We can go to a horror movie , and I'll hold your hand so you don't get scared 
You mean ... like on a second date 
Of course ! Or are you still too scared 
No way ! That sounds great 
Would you like to go to the natural history museum with me 
Have you ever been to it before 
Yes , lots of time . I was quite impressed by the wide variety of exhibitions they have 
Let's go . It sounds interesting 
I need to purchase some business cards 
No problem . How many are you thinking about 
I think 2,000 would be fine 
If you'll just fill out this form , please 
I want the new cards to be exactly like this card 
We can do that very easily 
... Okay , I'm done . Here's the form and my old card 
Great . Your order will take only one week 
You know , I think it would be better if I could pick it up in three days 
We can do that . It'll just cost you extra 
Could you tell me the origin of the Dragon-Boat Festival 
Yes , it's a way to commemorate a great ancient romantic poet , and the race is a symbol of the attempt to save him 
I see.Did they succeed in the end 
Of course not.He drowned 
Is there a medication you can prescribe to help me with my problem 
There are various choices of blood pressure medication that we can try 
What is available 
We could start with Hydrochlorothiazide , which is a diuretic 
Are there many side effects 
There really are not many side effects . You need to drink a lot of water when you take this pill 
Is that the only medication I need to take 
It might be , but for a while I also want you to take an ACE inhibitor , Lisinopril 
What are the side effects of that drug 
You may have a little bit of a dry cough , but you will feel much better 
I really want to get something to eat 
What are you going to get 
I don't know what I want to eat 
Well , do you want burgers , Chinese food , or Mexican food 
Chinese food sounds good 
Where are you going to get it from 
I haven't the slightest idea 
I usually get my Chinese food from Panda Express 
You like Panda Express 
The food there is actually pretty good 
Maybe I'll go there then 
You should . I know you'll like it 
Are you alright , Ethan ? You don't seem to be as cheerful as you normally are 
To be honest , Ava , I've just had a really bad day 
What happened 
First , I slept through my alarm and ended up two hours late to work 
What did your boss say 
He told me that if I showed up late one more time , he'd fire me . He's so mean 
That's horrible . Was that the first time you'd shown up late to work 
That was my second time . The first time , I was in a car accident 
Is your boss Chinese 
No , he's from Australia . Before I met him , I thought Australians were supposed to be relaxed and easy-going . I had no idea he'd be so fussy about things 
What are you going to do 
I think I'm going to look for another job . I need to find a boss that is a bit more sensitive and optimistic than my current boss 
That sounds like a sensible plan . Do you want me to help you with your job search 
That's very generous of you . Thanks for the offer 
Don't mention it . That's what friends are for 
Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama 
Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth 
I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better 
Do you really think the Dalai Lama sent that ? I'm tired of all these forwards 
It's worth a shot . Maybe we'll get some luck in thinking up something for this case 
My name is Helen Levin . I'm the HR director of our company 
Miss Levin . Nice to meet you 
Nice to meet you , too 
There has been talk at school about canceling the concert 
Really ? Who did you hear that from 
Just word of mouth 
Did you find what you were looking for 
I tried when you had gone , but I had no luck 
Okay , let's both look for it now 
Okay 
I'm going to see the doctor this weekend 
What's your trouble 
I think I need a thorough check-up 
I got it 
Where on earth are we going to borrow at 3 % 
We can borrow from a bank , the gross interest rate will be something like 7 % . With corporate tax at say 30 % . We are only paying on 50 % of this . There is still inflation to consider 
You can knock off another 2 % for that 
We can borrow as much as we can 
Not quite , if we get too heavily in debt , the shares will tend to drop 
How much loan capital can we safely raise then 
I would like to have notice of that question , I will give you an answer in a week 
Hello . This is the Holiday Inn . Can I help you 
Hi . Is there a special rate for a group reservation 
Yes . There is a 20 % to 40 % discount . It depends on the season.During the summer the discount is 20 % . During the winter it is 40 % 
I need five single rooms in October . How much of a discount can I get 
Our summer season ended in September . So the discount will be 40 % . That ’ s a good deal . Would you prefer rooms with a front view or rear view 
Front view , please 
What date and time will you be checking in 
October 25th around 2:00 in the afternoon 
We need you to send a deposit for 1/3 of the bill . You can send the check , or you can use the credit card 
Ok . I ’ ll send a check 
Could you tell me your name , address and phone number , please 
Sure . My name is Anderson . My address is 109 Ferguson East , Holton . And my phone number is 309 789 1267 
Thanks 
How long would you stay , sir 
Two nights 
Would you please fill in this registration form 
I've finished 
Excuse me , sir . I've made a tough decision and here is my resignation 
I am sorry to hear that . Why do you want to quit 
I'm sorry to bring up my resignation at this moment , but I've decided to study abroad 
All right . Welcome back anytime 
Thank you , sir . I'd like to say that I ’ Ve really enjoyed working with you . However , I think it ’ s about time for me to leave 
I am glad to work with you , too . Good luck 
Thank you 
May I help you , sir 
I want to try on this suit 
Certainly . Here's a mirror 
I'm afraid it's too narrow across the shoulders . Do you have a larger one 
Yes . This one must fit you 
It's a bit loose . Do you have a middle size 
I'm afraid not , sir 
What a pity 
I am wondering if you have a room with twin bed 
Yes , we have one and it faces the beautiful sea 
That's wonderful . I want to stay for 2 days 
OK , we will make it ready for you 
Thank you 
do you like animals ? I really like dogs 
so do i . I don ’ t like cats 
why ? I think cats are ok 
I can ’ t bear being near cats . They don ’ t seem to like me either 
I like wild animals . I don ’ t like spiders and snakes . I think spiders and snakes are disgusting 
I ’ m fond of snakes . I think they ’ re great . I agree with you about spiders though . I think spiders are horrible . I think it ’ s because they have so many legs 
I think bears are wonderful . Pandas are fantastic . I low the people who kill them for their fur 
I agree . I ’ m carry about mice . I think they ’ re so cute 
really ? I don ’ t see the attraction . I ’ m afraid of mice 
How can I travel by air 
Have you traveled by air before 
No , this is the first time 
Let me tell you . First you must buy a ticket 
Yes , I know 
Then you must go to the airport 
Is that all 
Not Yet . Listen to me . Don't forget to take your ID card with you 
What's an ID card 
Something like a passport 
Can I board the plane now 
No , you also need a boarding pass 
Thank you . Now I know how to travel by air 
You'd better prepare for the examination 
I don't think the exam will be very hard 
You should change your attitude , or you will not pass the course 
Maybe you're right . I have been too lazy lately 
Good morning , sir . May I help you 
It's our anniversary today . I am looking for the same flowers as the ones in her wedding bouquet 
What do they look like 
White 
How tall are they 
They are short , I guess . About the same height as those short flowers over there 
Do they look like roses 
No , they look like little bells 
Oh , lilies of the valley . No , I am sorry . We are all out of them right now 
Oh , that's too bad 
What about roses 
Ok . How many do you suggest 
As many as you like , sir . They are beautiful , aren't they 
Yes , they are 
Bye . Take care 
You too 
It seems that many boys are fighting there 
Break it up ! I will not permit fighting in this campus 
Are you planning on studying abroad 
I'd like to , but I'm not sure if I'll have enough money 
Good afternoon Sir , may I please see your passport and reservation 
Here you go 
I'm sorry sir , this flight has been cancelled due to some mechanical problems 
Cancelled ! So what am I supposed to do now 
We apologize for any inconveniences that may be caused by this . If your flight is urgent , I can put you on a waiting list for another flight this evening , but it's on a first come first served basis , so there is no guarantee that you will be able to take that flight 
What's my other option 
Well , If you can wait until tomorrow , we will put you up in a hotel for today and you can take scheduled flight for tomorrow morning 
That's fine . I'll do that then 
Thank you for your understanding sir . I will book your flight now 
David , do you think which team will get the champion tonight 
It is hard to guess now . Both of the teams chose the excellent players this time . I guess the game will end in a tie . They are equally matched 
I am so nervous now . What a terrific game 
Which side are you on 
It's hard to say , because each team has my idols 
Wow ! AC wins . It is a close shave , you know 
I will never forget this match . The angle is so terrible and so correct 
What a good goal 
Good morning . Madam . What can I do for you today 
Hello . I hope you can help me ; I'm a little worried about my new card 
What seems to be the problem 
I received my new card this morning , but I'm unable to use it 
Oh ? You mean , the ATM machine has eaten it 
No , it's right here , see ? The ATM will not accept it 
You said you received your card this morning , am I right 
Yes . I was told it would be activated and ready to use right away . So , what's gone wrong 
Did you receive your PIN number yet , Madam ? You see , unless you have your new PIN number , to match your new card , you cannot use it . We usually send that separately , around one day after the card , for security reasons 
Well , that explains it . I've been using my old PIN number ! Thanks for explaining everything to me 
Yes , I think there is something wrong with my car 
What's the matter 
When I tried to back it , I found it was out of order . I can't see where the trouble is 
Let me see 
Is it serious 
No , the damage is minor 
And when will it be OK 
4:00 p . m .
OK . Thank you 
I've known from your resume that you are a college graduate 
Yes , madam . I graduated from Tianjin College of Finance and Trade three years ago 
What did you take as your major in college 
I took Accounting as my major 
What kinds of work were you in charge of in the previous company 
I was in charge of cost price and sales revenue 
All right , I see . Why do you want to work for a Sino-American joint venture enterprise now 
There are two reasons for me to do it . First , I'm sure that there will be more opportunities for advancement If I enter your enterprise . Secondly , I'd like to acquaint myself with American culture if possible 
Well , Mr . Zhang , you must know , what we need is a capable accountant , and we won't have enough time to tell him some other things 
Yes , madam . I know that I'll be expected , first of all , to work hard if I'm hired 
What did you usually do as a head nurse 
I allocate different patients with their consent to different nurses . And I supervise the primary nurses and help nurses carry out their work 
How to maintain a high standard of nursing 
To maintain a high standard of nursing , we should take experience and education into consideration while considering a nurse's level of expertise in caring for various patients 
I am glad to have the opportunity of visiting your corporation . I hope we can do business together 
It's a great pleasure to meet you , Mr . White . I believe you have seen our exhibits in the showroom . What is it that particularly interests you 
I am interested in your hardware . I've seen the exhibits and studied your catalogues . I think some of the items will find a ready market in France . Here is a list of requirements 
Thank you for your inquiry . Would you tell us what quantity you require so that we can work out the offer 
I will do that . Meanwhile , could you give me an indication of the price 
Here are our FOB price lists . All the prices in the lists are subject to our confirmation 
What about the commission ? From European suppliers , I usually get a 3 to 5 % commission for my imports . It's the general practice 
As a rule we don't allow any commission . But if the order is sizable one , we will consider it 
You see I do business on a commission basis . A commission on your prices would make it easier for me to promote sales . Even 2 or 3 % would help 
We'll discuss this when you place your order with us 
I ’ m so excited , mother . Oh , a new baby 
My first grandchild 
And my first nephew . He looks a lot like you , mum . He does 
Do you think so ? Well , I guess . He does look a lot like me . Oh , he ’ s got Richard ’ s eyes though 
Yes , he does have Richard ’ s eyes . The baby even looks like you than Richard does 
Well , children usually resemble their parents 
It ’ s true . Michelle is a lot like Henry in so many ways . And she is shy with new people just like he is 
You often like comparing children with their parents 
You ’ re right 
When did you and Amanda meet each other 
I met her about one year ago 
So you met her right after you got to school 
That's right . We've been dating since last September 
May I have a word with you 
Certainly 
When will you be free 
Come by any time 
Shall I say around ten o'clock 
Yes , I'll be waiting for you in my home by 10:00 
Hello , ma'am . Can I help you 
Yes , please . I'd like a gin and tonic 
Sure , ma'am . Here you are 
Thank you . How much is it 
25 yuan 
Here's 30 . Keep the change 
Thank you very much , ma'am , but we don't take tips in China 
I am confused by what he said 
Why do you say that 
I don ’ t know what he wants to do . Does he want help me or just scold me 
Think a little . I think he means well at the bottom of his heart 
Have you got the medicine yet 
Yes , I've been given so much , that I simply don't know what to do with it all 
Well , these are for internal use.You take a packet each time.Four times a day 
What about these 
They're painkillers.You take one tablet when you feel a pain , but not more than once within four hours 
I see.Thank you , doctor 
How can I help you today 
I am returning something that I bought yesterday 
What would you like to return 
I'm returning a cellphone 
Was there something wrong with it 
It's defective 
What isn't working on it 
It keeps turning off on it's own 
Alright , do you have the receipt 
I have it right here 
I'm going to take care of this and refund your money 
Thanks for your help 
Good afternoon , need any help 
My name is Liu Wei . I have booked a ticket to Boston three days before 
That's right and your flight number is CA621 
But now I want to make a change . Please cancel this flight and transfer me to flight GB105 
Excuse me , sir . Flight GB105 is one to Milan , are you sure of your change 
Yes 
What are you up to tonight , Steve 
I'm going to a disco with my friends 
That sounds like fun . Have a good time 
Didn't Joe feel it a shame to live on his parents since he has graduated from college 
He has no sense 
If I were him , I wouldn't brazen it out by asking my parents for money 
But Joe won't you 
David , would you like something to eat 
No , I'm full 
Do you want something to drink 
Yes , I'd like some coffee 
Sorry , I don't have any coffee 
That's OK . I'll have a glass of water 
A small glass , or a big one 
Small please 
Here you are 
Thanks 
You're welcome 
I need to go to the bank 
But they are closed today 
Closed ? Are you kidding ? What is it , some kind of holiday today 
Have you already forgotten ? What's the date today 
Oh , it's the first of April , April fool's day
You forgot all about it , didn't you 
So I have , but I has reminded me at least one thing I need to remember 
What's that 
Tomorrow is my wife's birthday 
Better not forget that , so kill you if you don't get her something 
Are you ready to order , madam 
I'm on a diet . So I have to avoid food containing too much fat . Do you have vegetarian dishes 
Yes , We do have some choices for ladies like you . What about some green salad 
Does it taste good 
Sure . It's a popular dish among young ladies 
I think I'll try it 
We have three kinds of dressings for salad . Italian , French and Thousand Island . Which one would you like 
French , please 
OK . Do you want to order something else 
Milan Style Macaroni . Don't put sugar or salt on it , please 
What's the special today 
' All-you-can-eat ' dinner special 
I don't like to 
Do you care for seafood 
Yes , I'm very fond of seafood 
Which seafood do you prefer 
I'd like to have red cooked sea cucumber 
Is there anything else you would like to have 
Bring me an assorted cold dish , please 
Would you care for beverage 
No , thanks . I'm fine 
What would you like to drink 
A bottle of champagne 
Can you help me ? The program is not responding and I don't know what to do 
Look at the icon in the bottom corner of your screen . Is it flashing 
No . It isn't 
OK . Try closing down all the files you're not using at the moment 
But I can't move the cursor at all . My screen is frozen . What should I do 
Have you tried pressing the Escape key 
Yes , but nothing's happened 
OK , you ’ ll need to reboot your machine . Press Control , Alt and Delete at the same time 
I've never done that before . Will I lose all my files 
You might lose the file you were working on , but don't worry , the help desk can restore it . When did you last take a backup 
Can you pass me the lighter 
Here . Catch 
Can I be of any help 
I have a fifteen-day vacation and I want to have a trip to England . Is there any route that fits me well 
Yes , of course . How about this one ? It's a new route 
That's wonderful . By the way , what kind of cabin will I have 
First class , sir 
Where are you from 
I'm from Canada 
What do you expect to be doing five years from now ? What are your medium-term career goals 
I would like to be in a managerial role , ideally working do6ely with external clients . I have worked in client-facing roles for more than two years and I enjoy the challenge of keeping the customer satisfied . I think Ifs something I ’ m good at . Finally , I ’ d like to be on the right career path towards eventually becoming a senior manger within the company . I ’ m very aware that these are ambitious goals , however I fell through hard work and dedication they achievable 
I'm sorry , Julia ! I can't get home early this evening 
What ? But today is my birthday 
I know , darling . But I do have a lot of work to do , hope you can understand me 
But Steven , why don't you ask for a leave ? ... Steven , why don't you speak ? Are you still there 
Hello , Julia ? I can't hear you clearly . I'm afraid the line is out of order . Okay , B , listen ! How about I hang up now and call you back later 
Okay ! Bye 
What kinds of meat are most popular in your country 
We usually eat chicken , pork and beef.you eat these meat a lot in your country too , don't you 
Yes , we do . we also eat mutton 
I've heard that people in your country like mutton chops 
That's right , mutton chops taste so good , we eat them with sauce , have you ever tried 
Yes , I have , I tried once when I visited your country last year , I think they were very tasty.Can you cook them 
Certainly I can , I'll buy some from butchers ' and cook for you next sunday 
That sounds great . I'll bring a bottle of wine then 
Good morning . Mrs.Smith 
Good morning ! Can you help me , please ? I'm looking for some books for my mother 
Well , what kind of books does she like 
She's very fond of detective stories 
I see . Has she read any detective stories 
Oh , yes 
Do you know if she's read this one 
I'm not sure , but she probably won't remember if she has ! She's very forgetful 
Ah ! She has a bad memory . How old is she 
She's eighty-seven 
I suggest you take this book . It's very exciting 
Thank you . That's a good idea . she likes exciting books . Can you suggest another one 
Good evening , sir . What's your pleasure this evening ? Your usual 
Yes . I'm going to stay with the same , a beer 
Certainly , a beer . Here you are , sir 
Oh , darn . Look what I've done . ( Spill the drink 
Don't worry . I'll make you another on the house 
Forest Restaurant . What can I do for you 
May I make a reservation 
Of course . At what time 
The four of us will be there at 7:00 this evening 
OK , sir . We are looking forward to your arrival 
Excuse me . Could you tell me how to get to the post office 
Of course . Turn right at the next intersection and go straight . The post office will be on your left ( side ) 
Good morning , Ms Chan . What can I get you today 
Good morning , Mr . Church . I ’ d like some lamb chops for the children ’ s lunch 
Shoulder chops , Ms Chan 
Yes . I ’ ll take four shoulder chops and I ’ d like a small chicken 
Would you like to choose a chicken 
Which one is cheaper 
This one is our cheapest 
How much is all that ? I don ’ t have much cash . Can I give you a check 
Yes , of course , Ms Chan 
Have you ever witnessed any crimes or accidents 
I don't quite remember . Why did you ask that 
I was taking a walk in the park early this morning when suddenly I heard someone calling " help " . I rushed over and saw a man beating a woman 
Oh , my . What did you do 
I guess I was stunned for a moment , then I quickly ran away to get help 
Did you call the police 
Yes . Fortunately , I had my cell with me this morning . I called the police as I was running to get people to come to help 
Hello 
Hi , my sweetheart . It ’ s Dad 
Hi , Dad . Where are you 
I ’ m at work right now . You can reach me at 905 675 9870 . Please call this number if you need me 
Thank you , Dad 
I love you 
I love you , too , Dad 
Professor , can you help me add your class 
You have to bring me an add sheet to sign . Do you have one 
No , I will have to get an add sheet 
You must take the signed add slip to the Admissions and Records Office to add the class . Do you know where that is 
No , I don't know where that is 
The office is in front of you as you cross the quad . The signs in the hallway will tell you where you need to be 
I think I can find it 
You'll find it easily . Make sure you add the class and then we will look at the roll sheet later to make sure that you were added on 
Thank you for letting me add your class 
To drop a class , you need to do the same thing with a drop slip . Good luck 
Let's start to study how to use computers , Paler . It's good to know that a computer has two major parts , the hardware and the software 
What's the hardware 
The hardware of computer is basically all the concrete things you can touch with your hands and see with your eyes 
That's seems obvious enough . Then what about the software 
The software of computer is all the programmes inside the computer that allow you to use the computer to do things 
I see , actually the hardware is the easy part , I do want to study how to use the software 
Right you are , Paler , and since what you want to learn is how to use software , we should also learn to refer to the computer menus 
Ever since I saw computer can do your project , I wanted to have a computer 
Good morning golf aficionados ! My name is Rick Fields , and you guessed it , I am here with my main man , Bob Copeland 
Thank you , Rick ! As you can see , ladies and gentleman , we are here in beautiful Pebble Beach where the top golfers in the world are trying to win the grand prize of one million dollars 
Whoa , that ’ s a lot of cash ! Let ’ s go to the course and see how Tiger Woods is doing 
All right , we are here at the eighth hole . It ’ s a par four , and has some very difficult hazards which many golfers find difficult to avoid . Although , I did see Jack Nicklaus hit a hole in one on this very same hole 
Tiger Woods is about to tee off , and let ’ s see if he has the same luck as Jack . Tiger is asking his caddie for his driver and , he seems to be very nervous 
Oh no ! Not a good swing at all ! It ’ s definitely not his day today . On the seventh hole he got a bogey and before that he barely made par . He will definitely not get a birdie on this shot 
It seems that his ball has flown somewhere deep in the trees . He is having a hard time finding it and even his caddie has climbed a tree to try and spot it 
Oh no ! A bear ! Run , Tiger , run ! Somebody call animal control 
Hi , Mikel . What's with you ? You look angry 
No , I just check my weight , I'm getting fatter 
True , you are getting a really pot belly , aren't you 
I'll get you for that comments , George 
Just kidding , Mikel . Why don't you come work out with me 
ah , I don't know a fit works . Last time , all I saw the gym were bunch of lidos , like me 
It works if you keep at it . Come on , let's go 
All right . But so help me it's a better work 
This feels great . I'm all reed up . I can keep going all night 
Not me . I'm too hot and I'm too tired 
Exercise has no benefit unless you sweat like a pig 
Well , that's not for me 
Thanks for coming , it was a real blessed 
It wasn't as good as you think 
You'll get used to it , Mikel , trust me 
What's Ron Marston like , Pauline 
He's awful ! He telephoned me four times yesterday , and three times the day before yesterday . He telephoned the office yesterday morning and yesterday afternoon . My boss answered the telephone 
What did your boss say to him 
He said , Pauline is typing letters . She can't speak to you now ! " Then I arrived home at six o'clock yesterday evening . He telephoned again . But I didn ’ t answer the phone 
Did he telephone again last night 
Yes , he did . He telephoned at nine o'clock 
What did you say to him 
I said , This is Pauline's mother . Please don ’ t telephone my daughter again 
Did he telephone again 
No , he didn't 
I'm tired of you always wearing my clothing 
Aren't you the pot calling the kettle black ? You're wearing my pants right now 
But it's the White House . The president and his family live there.They won't let us see most of it . Probably we can only see a couple of rooms 
No , that's not true.The White House is very big . And there are a lot of historical exhibits there.The tour will take us through many different rooms . I read about it in the guide 
Hmm . If that's true , then the security there must be very good.Because it's strange to think they will let people walk around in the White House 
I'm sure the security is very tight.Probably they will make us walk through metal detectors like at the airport 
So I can't take my gun then 
Don't always joke like that ! You don't have a gun 
Yes , it's true I don't 
You shouldn't say things like that . You could get arrested 
What ? Do you think someone will arrest me for making a joke ? Someone will arrest me here at the breakfast table 
No . But if you say something like that in the White House , they may take it seriously . Sometimes I think you joke too much 
I'll be careful . Don't worry . I don't want to get arrested by the FBI.But how long does the White House tour last 
I'm not sure . I think it lasts about one hour 
Alright . We should take a taxi over there right after breakfast 
First I want to look in the travel guide.Maybe they don't have tours in the morning 
That's a good idea . Do you want some more coffee 
No , I'm fine 
I bought it . I got a watch , too . The company that sells this car has a car club 
Where you can buy lots of paraphernalia 
Yeah , and meet other drivers of the same car 
Cool 
I know girls love this kind of car . Look , it's got a sunroof ! Imagine ... a cool , starry night ..
So , you're going to use Sarah's car to go cruising for chicks 
No . I borrowed it to go shopping 
Hey , John . Nice car 
Thanks . I finally got rid of that old Nissan that got me through college 
What is this , the new Ford 
No , it ’ s last year ’ s model 
True . How much did you pay 
$ 14,500 . It only has 10,000 miles on it , so it ’ s like a new car 
Does that mean you ’ re not going to take the train to work anymore 
Well , sometimes , I think it ’ ll be nice to drive to work instead . We ’ ll see . Want to go for a ride 
Yeah , sure 
Come on 
Sit down , please . What's wrong with you 
I feel cold , and I'm shivering . I have a terrible headache and a sore throat 
How long have you been like that 
About a day 
Let me have a look at your throat first . Please open your mouth and say " ah " 
Ah ..
And show me your tongue ... Thank you . That'll do . You have slight tonsillitis , and your throat is inflamed . How is your appetite 
Not so good 
Now , let me take your temperature . Please put this thermometer under your armpit and let me feel your pulse 
Your pulse is weak 
Do I have a temperature , doctor 
Yes , you have a high fever . I'd like to give you a blood test 
do you mind if I sit here 
no , of course not . Go ahead 
don't I know you 
yes , now that you mention it , I think we had a chemistry class together in high school 
you're right ! How are you ? It's been a long time 
What did you do after high school 
I went straight to university afterwards . What about you 
I took a year off to go travelling 
that sounds exciting . Where did you go 
I went all over the world . It was the best year of my life . Where did you go to school 
I went to a small school in Connecticut . It has a very good reputation for its languages department 
Oh , did you study a foreign language 
yes , I got a grant to study Chinese 
that's a very difficult language to learn , isn't it 
it is , but it's very rewarding 
so you can speak Chinese 
I can , but not as well as I'd like to . I'll be studying Chinese until the day I die 
I think most languages take a lifetime to learn well 
My Chinese friends told me that the Spring Festival is coming soon . Can you tell me something about it 
Certainly . It ’ s actually the Chinese New Year and is regarded by the Chinese as the most important holiday of the year 
What happens on the holiday 
Family members usually get together on the Eve of the New Year and have a special dinner to celebrate . Relatives and friends often visit each other during the holiday to wish each other a happy new year 
Do people cook a lot of special dishes for the holiday 
Yes , just like Christmas in western countries , it is a time for eating lots of special food 
What good sunshine ! Let's go and get a suntan on the balcony 
I've had enough of it while working under the sun in the day . I don't need any more sun-tan 
It's different in my case . I work in the office , so only rarely do I get the chance to get any sun 
It might be good to you . But please keep in mind that too much tanning damages the skin rather than does any good to you . You might end up with skin cancer 
Hello . This is the Directory Assistance . Can I help you 
Can you give me the number for Jessica Hanson on locks Ave 
I ’ m sorry . There is no listing under that name . Are you sure of the name 
Yes , I ’ m pretty sure 
Do you have her address 
Yes , I do . It ’ s 109 Locks Ave , L8V 4N9 
That ’ s an unlisted number . I ’ m sorry , but I can ’ t give it to you 
I see . Thanks anyway 
No problem 
Is everything OK , Madam 
Well , I'm trying to buy some foreign currency for my holiday 
I can help you with that . Holiday , you say ? Lucky you ! Where are you going to be travelling to 
We are going to Macau to visit my niece . She said it's better for me to bring US dollars , is that right 
That is one option , Madam . If your are travelling to either Hong Kong or Macau we are permitted to exchange up to 1,000 USD for you 
OK , I see . What's the exchange rate ? Is the dollar up or down 
Today's rate is 823 . 71 RIB to 100 USD 
To be honest , I have no idea about these things ! But I'm sure that's alright 
Yes , it's not bad . I will need to see your passport though 
Do I check in for the train D8 08 to Shanghai here 
Yes , show me your tickets please 
Here you are . By the way , when does the train leave 
The train is driving after ten minutes 
Thanks . Where is my seat 
It's over there . Have a good trip 
Thank you 
How much is this shirt , please 
It's 89 yuan 
Do you have it in a larger size 
Let me check 
You know Ernie , it seems we both like the same artists 
Yes , we do . I think we have the same musical tastes 
But if we're going to start a band , we have to be able to sing and dance . Can you do that 
I'm not a very good singer , but I'm a really great dancer ! I love hip hop dancing 
Great ! I'll sing , and you can dance in our band 
A new film is on.Have you ever seen it 
What kind of movie is it 
It's a feature film 
Oh , I've no interest in such films 
Come and meet our employees , Mr . Richards 
Thank you , Mr . Jackson 
This is Nicola Grey , and this is Claire Taylor 
How do you do ? Those women are very hard-working . What are their jobs 
They ’ re keyboard operators . This is Michael Baker , and this is Jeremy Short 
How do you do ? They aren ’ t very busy ! What are their jobs 
They ’ re sales reps . They are very lazy 
Who is this young man 
This is Jim . He is our office assistant 
I had fun talking to you 
It was really nice talking to you also 
I think we should really do something sometime 
That should be loads of fun 
What do you want to do next time 
Would you like to go to dinner or something 
Yeah , let's do that 
Okay , until next time then 
I'll call you so we can set that up 
Talk to you then 
All right , see you 
See you 
How long will it take for our order to be delivered 
Let's see . You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China . They should be able to place your order before the end of next week . It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo . The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today . Domestic shipping will be your responsibility , you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles 
Fine , we will handle domestic shipping , but what about customs ? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports ? I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control 
No , the Chinese company has that all worked out . With the paperwork you receive with the shipment , you should be good to go 
Just remember . The main thing right now is to make sure Stars.com is happy 
Right . You're right . But she's just evil . Someone should drive a stake through her heart 
Elvin , please . Can I count on you to keep your cool for a week , or not 
I'm OK . I'll be fine . I'v cool . I'm cold . I'm like ice . She won't know what hit her 
By the way , how's the nose ? Boy , that must have hurt 
So , you ’ re applying for a B2 visa , where is your final destination and what ’ s the purpose of your trip to the United States 
I ’ m going to visit my brother . he ’ s just had a baby . He lives in Minneapolis 
And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States 
I ’ ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ’ s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March 
And , who is sponsoring your trip 
My brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home 
Alright , tell me about the ties you have to your home country 
Well , I own a house . actually , I ’ m leaving my dog there with my neighbors . I have a car at home , and oh , my job ! I ’ m employed by Tornal as an engineer . Actually , I only have three weeks ’ vacation , so I have to go back to work at the end of March 
And what evidence do you have that you are financially independent 
Well , I do have assets in my country . like I said , I own a house , and see , here ’ s a bank statement showing my investments , and my bank balance 
I ’ m sorry , sir , we cannot grant you a B2 visa at this time , instead , you are granted a resident visa ! Congratulations , you are the millionth person to apply for a visa ! You win ! Congratulations 
Wow . Look how polite your son has become 
Yes . We had a big talk with him , and he has really turned over a new leaf 
ABC Rent-a-Car . May I help you 
I would like to rent a car . What kind of car do you have 
We have Volkswagen , Pinto , Plymouth and Datsun 
What is the rate 
Twenty dollars per day for Volkswagen , Pinto and Datsun , and twenty-seven dollars for Plymouth 
How about mileage and gas 
There is no charge for mileage . And fill up the gas when you return the car to us as it is not included 
OK . I'll try a Pinto . I want to rent a car for one week 
All right , sir . May I have your driver's license 
Here you are 
Hi Jim . Do you have a minute 
Sure , what ’ s up 
Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us 
I don ’ t know anything about it . Soccer isn ’ t as popular in my country as it is here 
That ’ s all right . We ’ ll teach you 
Is it anything like American football 
Not very much . It ’ s something like hockey , except that you use a big ball and no stick 
I ’ ll come down and watch you play some day , and see what it ’ s like 
Good idea . I think you ’ ll like it if you give it a chance 
I am dropping off my prescription to get it filled 
You can come back in twenty minutes , and it will be ready 
If I couldn ’ t wait , could the prescription be mailed to me 
Yes , you can have it delivered or filled at any location in our HMO 
When should I take this medication 
You need to take it at bedtime 
Should I take this medicine on an empty stomach 
Don ’ t mix alcohol with this medication , but you can take it with or without food 
What are the side effects of this medication 
You might feel a little dizzy at first , but it should pass 
You will never guess where my family is going for summer vacation 
Let me try . It has to be somewhere amazing , and far away ... Egypt 
How in the world did you guess that ? Did someone tell you already 
Yes . I overheard your mom and my mom talking in the grocery store 
I want to ride a camel and definitely see the pyramids 
I wish our family took outrageous summer vacations like yours 
It helps that my dad is an archaeologist 
We'll get to go fishing at the river . I hate fish 
Who's that striking woman over there 
Hm ? Oh , that's Alice . She's totally mad . Don't get yourself in a room alone with her 
Really ? Why not ? She looks great 
Yes , I know , but she's dangerous 
Really ? Tell me more 
Well , I'm not one to gossip , as you know , but rumor has it that she sued her former boss for sexual harassment 
Wow , crikey . So what happened 
Well , this is just between ourselves , of course , but he was her lover and he wanted to leave her , so she got revenge . I heard him say she was a dangerous woman 
Wow 
Oh , while we're on the subject , what happened to you and your secretary 
I have no idea what you're talking about 
Oh , come on . Everybody knows 
Could you excuse me a moment ? I have to make a phone call
Oh , sure 
I plan to emigrate to Canada 
Have you found a suitable job 
No . But it is said the welfare in Canada is very good 
But as to me finding a good job is the most important thing 
Maybe you are right , so I will try my best to find a suitable job 
Good morning , Miss Monica . Nice to meet you again 
Good morning , Mr . Thomas , it is nice to see you too 
After the internal discussion , we have all agreed that you are the most suitable person for this position among all the candidates . So , today let ’ s talk about your expected salary and social benefits . What is your expected salary 
I ’ Ve worked in the field for more than 4 years . Depend on my work qualifications and experience , I would like to have 5000 Yuan to start 
The basic salary for this position in our company would be 4800 Yuan to start with increases giving according to your performance 
It is a bit lower than I expected . But I can accept that . What are the working hours 
40 hours a week , Monday to Friday , 9 AM to 5 PM with one hour lunch break every day .
Do I have to work on weekend ? If so , how do you pay for the overtime 
We do expect overtime work when it is necessary , but we pay twice of the work hour for working on weekends and three times for working on national holidays like Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Day 
Is there probation 
No probation is involved . If you feel good , you can start next week 
Hello , Tom 
Hello , Steven 
How are you doing 
Not bad . What about you 
I'm just a little tired 
Why 
I have a lot of work to do in the company recently 
How is your family 
Pretty fine , thanks 
Where are you going now 
I am going to buy a new air conditioner for my parents . Oh , it ’ s two o ’ clock . I must go now 
OK , see you next time 
See you 
Car trouble center . How may I help you 
My car won ’ t start ! Stupid old car 
Hold on , before you kick your car let ’ s go through some possible problems 
Fine 
OK , first of all , can you turn the key in the ignition 
Yeah ! I am here with my friend and he thinks it may be the spark plug or the starter motor 
Those are possible problems , but tell me , when you turn the key , do you hear the starter motor crank 
Yeah , it sounds like it usually does when I start the car , but nothing else happens . The engine won ’ t start . Should I maybe press the accelerator 
No . If you step on the accelerator pedal you can flood the carburetor and your car will never start 
So what do you think it is 
I know this may seem like a silly question , but does your car have gasoline 
Umm . yeah ! Right ! I got the car started ! Thanks for your help ! I told you to fill the tank 
Excuse me.When ' s the next bus 
The next bus will be here in four minutes 
Oh , good.That ' ll be the number forty four 
No , it's the number fifty-eight 
So when's the next forty-four ? Will it be here soon 
No , it won't 
So when will it be here then 
Never 
Never 
That's right.The number forty-four doesn't stop here any more.It ' s stop is round the corner 
I hope the teacher decides to curve our test grades 
I wouldn't count on it 
She did last time 
Yes , but I'll bet she won't again 
Who is it 
Open the door . It's me . I can't find the key 
You're always so careless 
Oh , thank you . I am exhausted . Will you bring me a cup of tea 
Okay , but I haven't prepare supper 
So let's eat out 
What do you want to eat 
Noodles . How about you 
Dumplings 
Mr . Dick . Does the recommendation of the university play an important role 
Yes . In fact , the recommendation letter written by the university is an indirect self-recommendation . In the long period of cooperation , the university has established good relationship with the companies or organizations , they trust each other well . If your university recommends you , you can be approved more easily 
But I find that most of the recommendation letters written by universities are the same . So I doubt its authority 
More and more persons have the same discoveries since most universities do that in order to save energy . If your university also does like this , you can look for other methods , because such kinds of recommendations say nothing for you 
Could you tell me whether or not I send out my resume with it 
It depends . If it has something special or useful , I suggest you send it out 
What do you say to eating out , Maggie 
Yeah , why not ? We haven't been out for dinner for quite a long time . A new French restaurant has just opened in our neighborhood . We can go there 
Do we need to book a table in advance 
No need for that . It's not usually busy on weekdays 
What time shall we go 
Why not now ? I'm hungry 
Hello , Miss , what can I do for you this afternoon 
I need the haircut . But you seem so busy today 
Yes , it is , busy today . We usually have a lot more clients on the weekend . Would you like to take a sit , and wait for a while , please 
Ok , but how long I have to wait , it is going to be more than 30 minutes 
It should be around that , if you like , please for a free to read the magazine while you are wait 
Thank you 
Sorry to keep you waiting , Miss . I'll have a dresser Mr.Li is just finish with a client in a moment or two . Would you have a shampoo first ? I'll get it on for you 
Ok , thanks 
Good evening , ma'am . Table for one 
Yes , please 
Will this table be all right 
Actually , I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible 
Certainly . How about this one 
This will be fine , thanks 
( Handing her a menu ) Your waiter will be here in a minute to take your order 
Thank you 
Tom , aren ’ t you a little too old to be trick-or - treating 
What are you talking about ? Where is your Halloween spirit ? Didn ’ t you ever dress up in a costume and go around the neighborhood trick-or-treating with your friends 
Of course , I did , but when I was ten ! Trick - or-treating is for kids , plus , I ’ m sure people will think you ’ re a kidnapper or something , running around with kids NCP at night 
Whatever , I ’ m going next door I heard Mrs . Robinson is giving out big bags of M & Ms 
I've got a complaint about the noise next door 
Yes , it's most irritating 
Some people aren't very considerate 
We're going to do something about it 
Yes , I think so 
We can't put up with it any more 
We'll play the CD loud , is that all right 
I don't think so 
What should we do 
Why don't we call them 
Good idea 
Good morning , Sir . Can I help you with something 
I hope so . I'm not actually a customer here , but I saw an advertisement in yesterday's newspaper about your new bank card 
I see . Yes , the advertisement has proven very effective . Would you like to apply for a card with us 
Yes , please . But I suppose I'll have to open an account with you first , right 
That's right . But don't worry ; it's a very simple procedure 
Could I open an account with you today 
Of course , it can be done right this minute . If you could just fill in this application form for me ? Do you have your ID card with you ? I'll need to see that 
Yes , here you go . And sign here 
Yes , please . That's being processed now . As soon as the account is set up , we can issue you with a card 
So quick and easy ! Thanks very much 
It was nice talking to you 
Why are you trying to rush me off the phone 
I really have to go 
Why ? I still wanted to talk to you 
I have things to do 
Like what 
Don't be nosey 
I'm not . I just want to know 
Well , it's really none of your business 
That's harsh 
I'm sorry , but I have to go 
Fine 
The acting of this film is marvelous.In spite of the thin plot , the acting , the music and the scene have won the Academy Award of this year 
I'm sorry for hero . I dont think there's any excuse for his acting in some parts 
Don't be too critical.We can't expect it to be perfect 
Good morning , sir . Can I help you 
Good day . I ’ m looking for a one-bedroom apartment today 
Certainly . How much rent did you want to pay 
Well , I didn ’ t want to pay more than $ 900 a month 
$ 900 a month ? We don ’ t often have apartment as inexpensive as that . We have one apartment for $ 985 a month today , on Eleventh Avenue . It ’ s near the municipal buildings 
Is it furnished 
No , it ’ s unfurnished . It has a kitchen , but there are not many cookers . There ’ s a garden in the back , but the tenants can ’ t use it . The landlord lives downstairs . Friends are forbidden in the apartment after midnight . No noise and no television after 11 ..
No , thank you ! I want to take an apartment , not a prison 
Ok , we would do as your requirement . And we ’ ll contact with you later 
Do you think I should buy this now and bring it with us 
Don't bother . those are a dime a dozen where we are going 
Good morning . Elly company 
Good morning . Could I speak to someone in the sales department , please 
Hold on , please 
Thanks 
Pardon me , but I was wondering if you could break a one 
Let me look . What do you need 
I need the change for the stamp machine 
I think dimes and quarters will do 
We'll take the route No . 10 
Fine . How many people are there in your party 
Just two . How much does the trip cost 
$ 200 for double 
Is there any chance of a lower price 
I am afraid not . Right now it's the tour season 
Can I take a picture 
I am sorry , sir , it's not allowed 
What a pity . Do you have reproductions of this paint 
Of course . You can get it at the entrance 
Thank you 
Excuse me . I'd like to cash the traveler's check 
No problem . How would like your money 
In tens and fifties , please 
Here you are . Please sign your name here 
OK , thank you 
The art critic from the daily chronicle doesn ’ t think much of the max oreo exhibition . He says that the artwork is uninspiring and old fashioned 
Really ? I thought the exhibition showed that he had real talent . What did you think of it 
I liked it . I didn ’ t think his works were masterpieces , but the certainly weren ’ t uninspiring , in my opinion 
I don ’ t think I ’ Ve ever read a good review of an exhibition by that critic . He doesn ’ t seem to like anything . Which kinds of paintings do you prefer 
I like landscapes and still life . You prefer abstract paintings , don ’ t you 
Yes , I do . I like painters who use rather than watercolors . The colors appear richer . What do you think 
I agree . I prefer oils too . I collect landscapes , but I only have a small collection . You have a small collection of abstract art , don ’ t you 
Yes . Good artwork is very expensive nowadays . When I was in china , I bought some calligraphy by famous artists . You should come and see it sometime 
That would be nice . Can you read the characters 
I know what the characters on the paintings mean . I think Chinese characters look very artistic . It ’ s said that the way they are written can give insight into the artist ’ s character 
I think that ’ s true with any of the fine arts 
Could I speak to the apartment manager 
I am the apartment manager . How can I help you 
I wanted to know if that apartment on Main Street is still for rent 
I haven't rented it out yet . Would you like to see it 
Yes , I want to see it 
How about today at 6 p . m . 
That time is okay with me 
Very good . We'll meet at 6 . Do you need directions 
No , thank you . I go by there on my way to work 
If you're interested , you can fill out an application form 
That's a good idea . Do I need to bring anything myself 
No . The only thing I need to see is your driver's license 
You'll soon graduate from your university . Do you have any plans for the future 
I'm planning to go to graduate school , but I also want to find a job . Otherwise , I'll have nowhere to go if I fail the entrance exam 
Do you have a clear career path to follow 
career path ? I'm not sure 
what kind of job do you want after graduation 
I want to become a professor , a lawyer , an editor , a civil servant ..
wait ! You can't do so many things at the same time . What exactly do you want 
I don't know . Do you have any advice for me 
yeah , you should first decide what kind of career you really want , plan your career path , and then try your best to achieve your goal 
I think perhaps I need to buy a few years while I figure out about my career 
no , you can't waste your time wandering around . If you want a job that requires a higher degree or diploma , you should focus on your graduate school entrance exam ; if you want a job that needs working
thank you so much for your advice . I'll think it over 
We ’ Ve been over this a thousand times . The data is irrefutable ! Look , we ’ Ve done extensive research , built studies , and read the literature , and there is conclusive evidence to support my theory 
Horowitz , I beg to differ . Even in your most recent study , the investigative approach was flawed ! You know as well as I do that the collection of data was not systematic , and there is a large margin of error . To draw a definitive conclusion based on that data would be misleading
That is preposterous 
You are trying to single-handedly solve one of the world ’ s greatest mysteries , and yet you are oblivious to the fact that you are wrong 
I am not wrong ! The chicken came first 
No ! The egg came first 
Listen , Christine , you can not afford another day off . You ’ Ve called in sick five times in the last three weeks 
I know , Mr . Douglas . But I am really sick 
Well , I want a note from the doctor on this one . And , to be honest , if this continues , we may not be able to employ you here 
I understand , sir . I ’ ll bring a doctor ’ s note in tomorrow . I am sorry , Mr . Douglas 
Do you speak English 
Yes , a little 
Can you tell me how to get to the Jade Buddha Temple 
I'm sorry . I can't quite follow you . Would you mind speaking slowly 
Good coming . room service.What can I do for you 
I'd like a hamburger and a cup of coffee.My room number is 402 
OK.sir . We will bring it to you as soon as possible 
Thank you 
My watch always gains ten minutes a day 
That's funny . My watch always loses ten minutes a day 
No kidding 
I am serious . Every morning I set my watch by the radio , but it still loses ten minutes 
You know what you can do 
Throw it away and buy a new one 
No , you don't have to . You only need to put your watch back ten minutes every day 
So you put your watch back ten minutes every day 
Yes , that's what I am doing 
Why bother ? Just buy a new watch . It doesn't cost much . Besides , I just can ’ t put up with this thing any more 
Hi , Lucy . What are you going to do this weekend 
I have no idea yet . Do you have any suggestions 
Would you like to play tennis with me 
I'd like to 
Be sure to get to the sports hall at nine o'clock on Sunday morning 
OK , will do 
Hello 
Hi , is Heather there please 
Sorry , I think you have the wrong number 
Is this 617-228-2289 
Yes . Who are you looking for again 
Heather Johnson 
Oh , I thought you said Laura . Sorry about that . This is the right number , but Heather's not here right now 
Do you know where she went 
She went to the store to buy some groceries . Would you like to leave a message 
Yes , would you please tell her Eric Martin called 
Hi Eric , this is her roommate Kathy . I met you a couple months ago at the Christmas party 
Oh , yes . How are you 
Good . Heather will be back in about 20 minutes . I'll tell her you called 
OK . Thanks 
Bye bye 
What sort of experience do you have 
I used to work as a mechanic and I was responsible for the maintenance of all the company vehicles 
Where was your last job 
I worked in Hanson Paper Company 
Why did you quit your last job 
Because the company is far away from home , and I have to study after work so I can't afford to waste time on the road everyday 
The taxi drivers are on strike again 
What for 
They want the government to reduce the price of the gasoline 
It is really a hot potato 
How long will it take to learn English ? Will I be able to take other courses next semester or will English take up all of my time 
It ’ s hard to say . Language isn ’ t like other studies 
You mean I could finish this course and still not know English ? You ’ Ve got to be kidding 
I ’ m not kidding . Learning a language is a question of forming language habits and that takes time 
So do we have to stay in this English class forever 
No . You just have to stay here long enough to get some orientation . Then you go on practicing and learning outside . A lot of learning depends on your personal motivation 
So it ’ s really the same story . Practice , practice , practice and more practice is the only way to learn a language 
You said it 
I feel absolutely horrible . My temperature is 41 degrees Celsius , and I've got a headache and a runny nose 
Do you have any other symptoms 
I've also got a terrible stomach-ache . Is my face still swollen 
Just a little . Has your toothache gone now 
Yes , for the most part . It doesn't feel as bad as my other ailments , anyway 
How about your tongue ? Does it still hurt 
No , the burn ointment seemed to take effect right away . I think it's already healed 
How did you get that burn again 
I scalded on the hot coffee a few days ago 
You haven't had much luck lately , have you 
No , but I'm sure I'll get better soon 
When's the last time you took your tablets 
I took the red ones just before lunch and the white ones just after lunch 
I think it's time you took another dose of each . What would you like to drink with them 
Just some water , please . Do you have any ointment for my nose ? It feels so itchy after blowing my nose so much 
Sure , I'll just go and get it now . what would you like to eat ? Some soup 
that sounds good 
soup always makes me feel better when I'm sick . I hope it makes you feel better , too 
Why are you handing me a plastic cup 
Your doctor wants to test your urine and needs a sample 
How am I supposed to do that 
We need you to urinate like you normally would , and then stop and finish into the cup 
What am I supposed to do with the cup when I am done 
Leave the cup in the cubby in the restroom . Just close the cubby door and walk away 
What kind of test is this 
He wants to know if you have bacteria in your urine , which could signal an infection 
How long will it take to get the results 
We will send your doctor the results , and he will contact you 
I enjoyed talking to you 
I enjoyed talking to you too 
We should hang out some time 
I think that would be nice 
Is there anything you would like to do next time 
Do you want to go out to eat 
I'd like that 
So I'll see you next time 
I'm going to call you soon 
I'll talk to you later 
See you soon 
Goodbye 
I ’ m not sure what you expect me to do , Michelle . You ’ Ve not been very clear about any of this 
I ’ m sorry , Clint . Maybe I didn ’ t make myself clear enough . We should get together to discuss this 
Yeah . I think that would be a good idea . I ’ m really in the dark on everything 
Fine . Let ’ s meet this afternoon . I ’ ll draw you a better picture of the situation 
Did you hear what happened to Mike last night 
No , what 
Well , apparently he had too much to drink and got into some kind of trouble . Typical , isn't it 
Oh , no . What kind of trouble 
Well , I don't know the details , but ..
Mary , today a man from an intermediary gave me a call 
What did he say 
He said he saw my job-seeking information on the Internet , and could offer me an appropriate job 
What kind of intermediary is it 
It's a recruiting agency which specializes in introducing talented people to companies and businesses 
What job did he recommend to you 
It's on telemarketing 
Does he ask you to pay some fees 
No , he said the employers will pay for it 
Then what do you think about it 
I feel it is OK and I want to give it a try 
Sure , but you must verify that first and don't easily make a promise 
Of course , I will 
Good luck 
Is there anything I can dor you 
Yes . I am looking for a restaurant with a cheerful atmosphere 
Why not go the youth restaurant ? You will have a happy lunch there 
Well , thanks for your help 
I feel like going for a drink , it's been a long day 
Great idea ! Peter , I could use the drink 
How about the new bar across road 
Sounds good . The food there is fantastic , too 
I agree , I had lunch there last week 
excellent ! That sounds like a plan 
I was surprised to see how few people you have on-site . You provide a wide range of goods and services but have a very small workforce 
It depends on the time of year . At peak times we hire in casual workers to help with packing and dispatch . We also contract out certain services all year round , for example , cleaning . We run a very tight operation 
Do you handle the recruiting yourselves 
Sometimes we use a local employment agency . It depends on the job 
It's raining outside , Catherine , it's too bad.What ' s the weather like in your hometown 
It's very hot , the temperature is often over 40C 
Do you like the weather in Seattle 
Not really.But I like it in spring and fall . I don't like it in winter 
Why 
The winter is very rainy , I don't like the rainy day 
What about the weather in Boston 
I lived there for three years . I like summer but I don't like winter 
Is it very cold in winter 
Yes , it is.But it's nice in spring and fall 
Sometimes you look like brains , and sometimes you are simple a Barbie Doll 
I don ’ t know whether I am a Barbie Doll or you are one 
Maybe I am a Barbie Doll , but I won ’ t do Barbie Doll things 
Well , I am not going to flog a dead horse . Let get down to our brass tasks and tidy these things up 
What do you know about our company 
Well , as I know this company is one of the largest and best in this field of business . It mainly produces toys for children . It employs more than 10,000 people throughout the world . The president now is Mr . Jackson . The Shanghai branch was founded five years ago with a staff of more than 2,000 
Very good . If you enter this company , what department would you like to work in 
May I work in sales department 
OK . Oh , how much do you make at your current job , if you don ’ t mind my asking 
I ’ m paid 2,000 yuan per month plus some allowances and bonus as that come to about 3,000 yuan a month . How much will you pay me 
Well , the starting salary for a clerk in our company is 2,500 yuan monthly and after three months he would get a raise if his work is satisfactory 
Do you have any fringe benefits 
Sure , we provide semi-annual bonus , a small bonus at Spring Festival , four weeks paid vacation a year 
How about insurance and full health insurance 
We can buy that for you 
That sounds good 
are you ready for the meeting 
yes , come on in . how's your new job going 
it's challenging , but I'm enjoying it quite a bit 
that's great . I knew you'd do a good job as a manager 
thanks a lot 
how's your assistant manager getting on 
well , that's part of the problem . His probation period is up tomorrow and I don't think he's ready to pass 
what seems to be the problem 
well , he was supposed to be able to learn his job in 30 days , but he just doesn't seem to know what he's doing 
if you gave him another 30 days , do you think he could figure it out by then 
to be honest , he has no authority . He's a hard-worker , but no one listens to him 
I see . Not everyone is cut out to work in management 
I know . It'd be great if we could transfer him to a department where he doesn't have to work with people 
there's an opening in the creative design department . It involves working with computers 
that's perfect . I'll let him know tomorrow . Thanks 
Can you exchange this for US dollars , please 
Just fill out this form , will you 
OK . Here 
How would you like it 
Five tens , five fives and the rest in ones , please 
Here you are . Thank you 
I'm sorry . I've lost my tags and receipt . How can I do about it 
I see . What is your baggage ? And do not remember the tag's number or color 
It's a suitcase . But I've forgot the exact color . Maybe it is red or something 
Could you give me a description of your case 
It's like this . It's square with a leather cover . Yes , I remember , there is a green string around the handle . That's right 
I'll check it for you ... sorry to keep you waiting . I've found it.Is this yours 
Yes , It is the right one 
Will you show me your key card , please 
Here it is 
All right . Now you can take your case away 
Hello , this is ABC Corporation . May I help you 
Yes , I ’ m enquiring about your advertisement for a sales manager in today ’ s newspaper . Is this position still open 
Yes , but do you have any experiences as a sales manager 
Yes , I have a lot of previous experiences in sales . I worked in sales departments for two companies since I finished my university 
That sounds fine . Please give me your name and phone numbers . I ’ ll set up an appointment for an interview for you . It will most likely be in a couple of days . Is it all right for you 
Yes , my name is Brian and my phone number is 5294870 
Thank you 
It's crunch time , isn't it ? I wasn't nervous before the meeting , but now I am 
No kidding . Time is running out 
It would help to bring in a couple more troubleshooters 
Vince says he can't afford anybody else . We're got to come through 
Do you think we'll make it 
I guess we'll either make it , or we won't 
Hi , what can I get for you 
Hello , may I have a double cheeseburger 
With everything on it 
That sounds great 
Did you want fries with your order 
May I get a large order of curly fries 
Did you want something to drink 
Get me a medium Pepsi 
Would you like anything else 
No , thank you . That's it 
No problem , that'll be $ 5.48 
Thanks a lot . Keep the change 
Can you pick up some things from the store for me 
Of course , what do you need 
I need a few things , I'll give you the list 
Is there something else you need that you can think of 
Everything I need is on the list 
Do you want me to make any other stops while I'm out 
Since you asked , would you pick up my medicine from the pharmacy 
Is it ready to be picked up 
I believe so 
No problem . I'll do that for you 
I really appreciate you doing this for me 
It's no problem at all 
I find Beijing Opera is quite a bore 
Young people enjoy pop songs more 
It's just like listening to a language which you know nothing at all 
But you don't have such a problem as to pop songs 
Good evening 
Good evening . My wife and I would like a room , please . Is there any room available ? We don't have a reservation 
Let me see . Yes , we have one room left . You're lucky . It's the last one 
Good . We're tired after driving all day , and we're looking forward to relaxing in a comfortable room 
This room has two double beds . It's number 56 at the rear of the motel . It's quite a comfortable room 
How much is it for one night ? We only need it for tonight . We're going to continue our trip in the morning 
It's forty-five dollars a night for two . Is anyone else traveling with you 
No , it's just the two of us 
Would you like to pay for the room in cash or with a credit card 
Credit card . We don't like to carry much cash with us on our trips 
Please fill out this registration card . Here is your key . You can park your car in front of our room.Check - out time is noon 
Thank you very much 
Thank you , sir . Enjoy your stay with us 
Excuse me . May I ask you some questions 
Sure . What do you want to know 
Could you please tell me how many credits would be required for a bachelor's degree 
Well , you have to get 166 credits , including required courses and optional courses 
OK . And how long does it take to get a bachelor's degree 
It can be completed in four years normally 
I see . Thank you very much 
You're welcome 
Tomorrow's Carl's birthday 
Yes.Let ' s hold a birthday party for him , shall we 
Good idea ! Let's make ready , then 
We'd like to have a look around your house 
Yes , of course , please follow me 
Thank you 
This is our courtyard 
It's so spacious , about 40 square metres , right 
Yes , about 46 square metres 
Are these corn ears hanging on the tree branch 
Yes 
Very beautiful and very interesting . But why do you hang them in the tree 
They don't have enough time to peel it after they harvested them , so they hung them in the tree . Then in winter , they can peel corn ears in their leisure time 
Very good idea . Sometimes such pictures can show the house's richness 
Dad , can you buy a new camera ? My old one has gone west 
What ? I gave it to you only 3 months ago 
So , you didn ’ t buy a good one for me . This time how about a better one 
Ok , son . I think I ’ Ve go to tell you the truth . My company has gone out and I ’ m now out of job . If you want a new camera , go and earn money yourself 
What's on Channel 12 at 8: 00 
If I remember correctly , there's a quiz show 
Do you want to watch it 
Let's see what else is on first 
Do you eat a lot of fruit and vegetables in you country 
Yes , we do . The most popular vegetables are potatoes , carrots , peas , and cauliflower . The most popular fruit are apples , bananas , pears , peaches , grapes , and oranges . Do you like vegetables 
I like them very much . We also eat a lot of vegetables in my country , buy we eat different kinds 
Which kinds of vegetables do people in your country usually eat 
We eat a lot of sweet corn , broccoli and eggplant 
I love eggplant ! Unfortunately , it ’ s quite expensive in my country , so I don ’ t eat it often 
Why is it relatively expensive 
Because we don ’ t grow it much in my country . We import a lot from other countries 
I see . We grow a lot of fruit and vegetables in my country . We export a lot of melons , grapes , oranges and lemons . In your country , do you eat corn on the cob ? It's very popular in my country 
We eat it in my country too , but I wouldn't say it ’ s very popular . Most people buy frozen sweet corn from their local supermarket 
Do people usually buy frozen vegetables in your country , it ’ s very rare in mine 
A lot of younger people like to buy large packets of mixed frozen vegetables . Peas and sweet corn have been sold frozen in my country for many years . I prefer to buy fresh vegetables 
How much will it be all together 
$ 200 , please 
Can I pay by check 
I'm afraid you can't , ma'am . We accept only traveler's checks and credit cards 
OK . How about this card then 
We can take it . Just a moment ... Please sign here 
Have you got anything for diarrhea 
Yes , here you are . These tablets are very effective 
How should I take this medicine 
Take two tablets every six hours 
I see . I'll follow your instructions 
And take a good rest for a few days 
Thank you 
Do you have a family tradition at Christmas time 
We have so Ay ! But my favorite happens at Christmas Eve 
What is it 
Well , all the brothers and sisters get together and fill the Christmas stockings for the litt 1e kids 
That's it ? That's the tradition 
Well , in fact it's fun for us to just be together that night and do this one thing 
I guess the spirit of it is what really makes any tradition fun 
You should be there some Christmas Eve 
Well , I ’ Ve looked over your resume , Mr . Peepers 
Please , call me Ted 
Well , Ted , this is a very impressive resume . However , we do have several other applicants to finish interviewing before we can make a final decision . We ’ ll call you by Friday , if that ’ s all right 
That ’ s no problem 
Do you have any other questions 
Well , what kind of salary do you provide 
Salary is based on experience as well as time spent with our company 
I see 
Salary can be negotiated once we officially offer you the job 
Sounds fine 
Anything else 
Yes , one last thing . How much holiday time do you give your employees every year 
Our employees receive fifteen days of paid vacation every year . If you don ’ t use the full fifteen days , they carry over to the following year 
How about sick days 
You get five paid sick days 
Any other benefits 
Yes , we have an excellent retirement plan and medical insurance as well 
Great . Thanks so much for your time 
We ’ ll contact you soon , Ted . Thanks for coming in 
Tell me something about your work experience 
Well , I have been in the computer engineering field for 6 years now . I am familiar with both hardware and software and with hands-on experience in system development including system analysis and design 
What systems have you worked on 
I have worked on about every system that is out right now 
Do you feel comfortable with the new system by microcosm 
I am not as familiar with it as I am with some of the older systems . But I am a fast learner and I can master it in a short time 
What do you consider your strengths 
I am knowledgeable and levelheaded 
Good morning , sir . Do you have a reservation 
Yes . My name is Charles 
I see . We have a window table reserved for you 
It's very kind of you 
Would you like to order now or wait for a while 
Bring me the menu , please 
Abby Park Hotel . Can I help you 
Yes , I would like to book a room for my wife and myself 
Certainly sir . Could I have your arrival and departure dates 
We will be arriving on Tuesday next week and staying for two days 
We have a double room for you with a nice view of the park . Would that be OK 
Yes , that would be great . How much is the room 
It is ninety-five pounds per night . It is a double room with a bathroom . There is a fridge , coffee maker and a television in the room 
Does the bathroom have a bath or a shower 
All our bathrooms have full size baths with a shower attachment 
Does the room have an Internet connection 
Yes , all our rooms have complimentary wireless Internet 
Excellent . Do you serve breakfast in the hotel 
Yes , breakfast is included in the price . Our guests have the choice of a full English breakfast or a continental breakfast 
That's great . Can I book the room 
Certainly , Sir 
The client you're meeting tomorrow likes to ask a lot of questions , so you have to be well prepared 
I see 
Can I ask a favor of you 
Sure 
Would you mail this letter for me when you go to the post office 
No problem 
I made a reservation earlier this week , but I have to cancel it 
No problem , sir . Just tell me your name , phone number , and date of reservation 
Great ! I'm Rudy Randolph , 818-555-1234 , and my reservation was for April 9 to 15 
Okay , sir , let me hit the delete button , and your reservation will be cancelled 
That was nice and fast . Thanks 
Not at all 
Look , Mary ! There are so many people over there 
Oh , I remember , there is a job fair in the personnel market 
I have never been to the personnel market 
Really ? I have been there several times 
Are there many employers 
Yes . The personnel market is a place specially for job-hunters and employers 
So there will be many large companies in the personnel market , right 
Yes , there are many famous corporations 
When will there be a job fair 
Every Saturday and Sunday
Do I need to pay to go into the personnel market 
No , it's free 
How about going there to have a look now 
OK , let's go 
Hello , can I help you 
Yes , I wanna buy a skirt 
What color and what style do you like 
I am not sure 
Well , you can have a look at our skirts hanging there 
Ok , thank you 
You are welcome 
pompous . How may I help you 
Yes , I'd like to reserve a table for dinner 
How large a group are you expecting 
Six couples 
Would you like to reserve a private dining room 
That sounds like a good idea 
All right . May I have your name , Sir 
My name is Ron Kollwitz 
It would be nice to go to the beach sometime this weekend 
What's the weather going to be like ? I may want to go too 
The weather this weekend is supposed to be warm 
Will it be good beach weather 
I think it will be 
It wouldn't be good if it got cold this weekend 
I want this trip to be perfect , I hope it stays warm 
This California weather is so uncertain , it's impossible to know what'll happen 
I know . Every day the weather seems different 
I would love it if it wasn't always so unpredictable 
That would make it easier for us to make plans 
I know . Things are easier when you know what the weather's going to be like 
I've been waiting here in the conference room for ten minutes already . What time does our meeting start ? Where is everyone anyway 
Didn't you hear about that ? Our meeting was proponed until Friday 
What ? The meeting was proponed ? No one told me anything about it 
Didn't you get the memo 
What memo ? There haven't been any memos this whole week . I check my unbox every day , and I haven't seen anything 
The memo went out three days ago . It should have made it to your in-box , but maybe it got lost in all the clutter on your desk 
You know how things get piled up on my desk when I am busy — I know that sometimes I do misplace things , but I always read all the memos that go around . They go directly to my in-box . Are you sure it was sent to the whole office 
It should have gone around to everybody . They also posted a copy of the memo in the break-room . Don't you ever look at the messages posted on the bulletin board 
I'm usually too busy to take a bunch of coffee breaks and gossip by the water cooler . Anyway , I am sure the memo never got to my in-box . I'll have to talk to our secretary about it 
That's right . You never know what you're missing out if you don't read the memos 
Could I change these pounds for dollars , please 
Do you want small bills or large 
It doesn't matter 
Do you want anything else 
Yes , I'd like to know the exchange rate for yen 
Watch out , Patrick 
Whew ! Thanks , Karen . That car almost hit me 
I like chess better than xiangqi . And you 
For my part , xiangqi . Maybe it's because my girlfriend is Chinese 
I think chess is more reasonable . You see , each side has eight pawns , a larger number than that of the soldiers in xiangqi . A true battle should be like that . Soldiers should outnumber the commanders 
Quite right . And unlike the soldiers in xiangqi , the pawns in chess can promote once they reach the furthest rank . It is very agreeable to grant merits to people with good performance 
Correct ! Another contrast is the rules for the general and the king . It seems the general or marshal in xiangqi is much too incompetent . They are required to stay in the palace , waiting to be checked and fleeing for life under the cover of the guards . Look at the king in chess , he is much more capable 
Yeah , and though the king in chess doesn't have bodyguards , he has a queen who is the most powerful piece . I think this demonstrates the relatively higher social status of aristocratic women in medieval Europe than in China 
There's another distinctive contrast . Both board games use a total of 32 pieces , but xiangqi is played on a 9 - by - 9 board , bigger than the 8 - by - 8 board used in chess 
You mean , xiangqi pieces are allowed a larger space in which to move around 
Sure . On a chessboard , fire is much more intensive . It has a smaller board , while those bigger pieces-chariots , horses and bishops-can cover longer distances 
Would you please make a skirt for me with this material please 
What kind of style do you want 
I like miniskirt 
Now let me take your measurements 
When can I get it 
Three days later 
Thank you , see you then 
Bye-bye 
Room service.What can I do for you 
This is room 504.The room is so cold 
Have you turned on the air-conditioner 
Yes.of course . I turned it on half an hour ago . I don't think it work at all 
I am sorry , sir.We will send our staff right now 
I think I'm going to go to the market today 
Do we need food 
Yeah , I think so 
What are you going to get 
I'm not sure what we need 
Maybe you should go and look in the refrigerator 
Could you do it for me , and write out a list of things that we need 
Just get the basics 
Like what 
You know . Get some eggs , milk , and bread 
Just go and make a list for me , please 
Fine , I'll go do that for you 
The question is easy for everybody.Don ' t you think so 
Yeah , it's very easy . But it's above Nick's head
Why do you say so 
He's always confused by easy questions 
Let's invite Bobbie and John to our party , OK 
You can never do that 
Why 
There's been bad blood between them since Bobbie took away John's girlfriend 
Welcome back racing fans ! My name is Rick Fields and , as always , I am joined by my partner in crime , Bob Copeland 
We ’ re in the last stretch of this very exciting race , and Kimmi Rikknen is leading the pack with only four laps to go ! They are heading to turn three and Lewis Hamilton tries to pass Rikknen ! It ’ s a close one and , oh no ! Hamilton hits the wall 
He came in too fast , jammed on the breaks and spun out . We have a yellow flag and the pace car is making its way onto the track 
The cleanup crew is towing the heavily damaged car and the green flag drops ! Rikknen is still in the lead with only two laps to go 
Smoke is coming out of his car ! He seems to be having engine trouble ! He makes his way into the pit , and Fernando Alonso takes the lead 
How unlucky for Rikknen , and this race is over ladies and gentlemen , Alonso takes the checkered flag 
What day is today 
Today is Thursday 
What's the date today 
Today is May first , 2003 
Oh , today's International Labour Day . Is it our working day 
Well , I don't think so 
Hello . This is the front desk . What can I do for you 
Hi . I ’ m calling from Room 209 . I couldn ’ t find the TV Guide . Can you send me one , please 
Sure . Anything else 
Yes . There is one more thing 
Go ahead , please 
The mini bar door was open when I checked in . I didn ’ t use it . Could you send someone to check it out 
We ’ ll send someone right up . But don ’ t worry about that . Maybe the service person forgot to do it 
Thanks 
Did you go and buy your bus pass 
No , I didn't 
When are you going to go get it 
I'm not sure where they sell bus passes at 
Why didn't you just ask me 
Where should I go 
You can get one from student services 
I had no clue that I could get it there 
I already knew that 
Thanks for letting me know 
You're welcome 
I'm going to go and get it right now 
Hey , Jeff , where's your stereo 
I needed some money , so I hocked it last week 
You must have been really hurting for cash to have done that 
I had just enough money to make ends meet until payday . Then last Wednesday I received a phone bill to the tune of $ 195.00 . I hit the ceiling when I saw that 
It sounds like you weren't expecting that 
I'd forgotten that my brother had used my phone earlier this month to call his girlfriend . He forgot to mention that she happened to be in New York at the time 3000 miles away 
Well , if you need some money to tide you over until payday , I can loan you some 
Thanks , but tomorrow's payday I can make until then . Thanks any-way 
Excuse me . My name is Dan Ford . I have an appointment with the dentist at 3:30 
Yes , Mr . Ford . The dentist will be ready to see you in a minute . Have a seat 
Thank you 
Mr . Smith , do you like the hotel we booked 
Yes , we do . We like it very much 
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one 
Thank you so much 
The plumbing in my new apartment is not working 
I need you to tell me what the problem is 
The bathroom sink is stopped up 
Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing 
Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem 
Did this just start happening , or has it been going on for a while 
Everything worked beautifully until a few hours ago 
Are you going to be home so I can come by and take a look at the problem 
I am not sure if I will be home later 
I will be coming by around 10 this morning . If you aren ’ t there , I ’ ll just use my key 
Steven , why are you so depressed 
I'm feeling very sad . I just read the newspaper 
What's the news 
According to the newspaper , the town was razed by an earthquake and more than 10 thousand people died in the earthquake 
It's horrible 
Yeah , we have to do something to help the people in the stricken area 
Yes . How about donating some money 
It's a good idea . But where can we donate money 
Just find the answer through Internet 
Yes , let's do it now 
Mark , can you dress the twins for me while I take a shower 
You don't know what you are asking 
Please ! You can do it . Their clothes are all laid out on the bed 
Remember what happened last time 
Are you referring to KC getting her head stuck in the pant leg 
Yes . That was a bit terrifying for both of us 
Don't worry ! Today they are wearing dresses 
Oh , in that case , sure ! Uh ... what are these long sock-looking things 
So how long have you know Jack 
We go way back.We ' Ve known each other since we were toddlers 
Really ? You guys must be really tight 
Yeah , We're buddy-buddy still 
He seems sincere , and trustworthy 
Well , he is , but he can be conniving at times 
What do you mean 
Well , I know that he would never stab me in the back.But I've seen him double cross other people 
Oh , my ! Really ? I never thought he would be like that 
Don't get me wrong , I'm not saying he's like that all the time 
So , can I trust him or what 
Well , I think you should decide for yourself 
But I need someone that I can count on for this job 
Okay , Okay.You can trust him . I was just trying to give you a hard time 
Come on you're confusing me.Give it to me straight 
Actually , he's the most dependable person I know , and he would never turn on anyone 
What do you do 
I'm an apprentice with a local engineering firm . My training lasts for two years . Two days a week I study Engineering at a local college . If I pass all my exams , I hope the company will take me on as an engineer 
Good morning , sir ! Please know some about our latest products 
These are your products 
They are our products . Please come in and have a look . This is the catalogue for our products 
May I have your name card ? I am always concerned about the newest computer 
Of course , here you are 
Thank you 
Would you sit down and write down your name and address here 
OK ! Would you like to recommend some for our reference 
This is the latest design for our products . The design of I-series keeps the fashion in a close way . The sales volume of the new product is about 50,000 per month . And we received many orders from many clothes companies . New functions and attractive outlook are the key points for our products 
Let me take care of the check today 
Why ? It's unfair . How about going dutch 
You paid the last time , because I didn't have any money , remember 
Oh , come on , I almost forgot . Don't worry about it . I didn't mind picking up the tab last time 
But you really should let me treat one time , I feel like I own you one if I didn't 
Ok , but it's only for this time 
What's the damage 
It's 12 dollars 80 cents all together . But don't forget the tip , it usually 15 % 
Check , please 
I need some flowers for my girlfriend 
No problem . Would you like some artificial carnations 
Oh , no . Carnations are not very elegant.Artificial flowers have no passion 
How much did you want to spend 
Money is no object 
Our most elegant flower is Golden Lily 
I will take ten 
Do you want to add some baby ’ s breath for that ? They are equally popular now 
Of course . Can I have it delivered to my girlfriend's house this afternoon 
Yes , but there is a five dollars delivery charge 
That's ok . Here is the address 
I am fed up the ready-made suit . Can you recommend me some stuff for me to make one 
Sure . How about the tweed 
It feels good 
Hello , I bought the pendant in your shop , just before 
Yes.Thank you very much 
Now I come back to the hotel and try to show it to my friend , the pendant is broken , I'm afraid 
Oh , is it 
Would you change it to a new one 
Yes , certainly.You have the receipt 
Yes , I do 
Then would you kindly come to our shop with the receipt by 10 o'clock ? We will replace it 
Thank you so much 
What are our areas for growth ? What sectors do you see the most potential in ? If we are going to pull our sales numbers up and develop the brand , we got to work across the board 
It's not just spreading out to new markets that we have to address . I think we'd better first pay attention to developing our brand in the markets we already have.We ' Ve reached the awareness level , but we haven't established customer loyalty . People know who we are , but they still don't trust in our brand 
I don't see why we can't work on opening new markets and developing the markets we've already penetrated at the same time ... Both aspects of developing our customer base and developing our brand are important 
Have you ever done your shopping at Whole Foods market 
I haven't shopped there . How is the food 
The food there is wonderful 
I go to Sons for my groceries 
I prefer the food at Whole Foods 
Is there something wrong with Sons 
Sons doesn't offer a lot of organic foods 
Do they offer organic foods at Whole Foods 
Yes , that's the place to go to get healthier food 
Maybe I'll try that store out 
If you like Sons , then I'm sure you'll love Whole Foods 
You're making me a believer 
Hi , Mr . Smith . I ’ m Dr . Hawkins . Why are you here today 
I thought it would be a good idea to get a check-up 
Yes , well you haven ’ t had one for ... five years . You should have one every year 
I know . I figure as long as there ’ s nothing wrong , why go see the doctor 
Well , the best way to avoid serious illnesses is to find out about them early . So , try to come at least once a year for your own good 
O . K 
Let me see here . Your eyes and ears look fine . Take a deep breath , please . Do you smoke , Mr . Smith 
Yes 
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer and heart disease , you know . You really should quit 
I ’ Ve tried a hundred times , but I just can ’ t seem to kick the habit 
Well , we have classes and some medications that might help . I ’ ll give you more information before you leave 
O . K . , thanks , doctor 
I ’ d like to post this letter to Korea 
Is it urgent ? Would you like the express service 
No thank you . I ’ d like to send it just by normal post 
Hi ! May I help you 
Thank you ! I am interested in your product . But I am not familiar with your corporation 
In fact , in the past we only attended local exhibitions 
No wonder 
Here is our brochure . It'll help you get acquainted with our products and company 
Thank you 
Hello ! This is Air China Booking Office 
Hello ! I'd like to reconfirm my flight reservation 
May I know your flight number , please 
It's flight CA169 , which leaves Beijing at 8: 00 a . m . on January 20th 
Oh , yes . That's our regular flight to Nanchang . Would you please tell me your name 
My name is Deng Li 
Yes , here you are . You're flying in economy class . Is that right 
Oh , no . I'm sure I made a reservation for a first-class ticket 
Let me check . Now , your ticket is in order . Thank you for calling to reconfirm 
That's what I should do . And I don't want to lose it 
Quite right . If you don't confirm , the reservation will be cancelled 72 hours before the departure time . In order not to miss your flight , I think you should pick up your ticket as early as possible 
OK ! I shall 
Well , your qualifications for the job are excellent . And is there anything you'd like to ask about the job 
Yes , I'd like to know if the company provides opportunities for further education 
Yes , our employees are allowed to take up 2 days a month to attend college courses 
That's very generous 
I've enjoyed the conversation with you . We'll call you within 5 working days 
Thank you . I appreciate the time you've given to me 
Excuse me.Have you got any books on genetic engineering ? I've looked for them everywhere , but I can't find any 
I'm not sure if we've got any now.Books of that kind are on this shelf.Well , I'm afraid we've sold out 
What a pity ! I should have come earlier 
Come some time next week if you like . I think we'll have got some by them 
Ok , I will 
That's unfair , Mom 
What's up ? Honey 
Dad is bigger than you , but how come I'm smaller than May 
Honey , it doesn't matter . The key to play volleyball is to cooperate with each other 
What should I do 
You go figure it out yourself 
Got it , Mom 
OK , Ben and May , here we go . Be careful , Danny , the ball is coming . That is the green one 
Mom , don't worry about me , I can do it 
Danny , back to your position . Move 
OK . Bingo ! We win . Give me five , Mom 
Would you mind if I ask your health status 
I just had a complete physical examination and passed with flying colors 
That is good . We hope each of our future employees will be healthy and happy 
I understand that 
Francis , what ’ s that 
Well , that is the chart showing our company ’ s organizational structure 
Could you tell me something about it 
Ok . On the top , Mr . Thomas , the managing director , is responsible for running the company 
How many departments do we have 
Four . They are production department , finance department , sales and marketing department and HR department . I directly report to Mr . White . He is on a business trip and is suppose to be back this morning . Probably you will be meeting him at lunch 
Ok . Who should I report to 
Mr . White , too 
Could you tell me your education background 
Sure . Where shall I begin 
Where did you go to university 
I went to the university of Ohio , in America 
What degree did you get 
I got a bachelor ’ s degree 
What was your major 
I majored in English and minored in Chinese 
What was you G . P . A 
I graduated with honors . I had a 3.9 
Do you plan to pursue further education 
Yes . I ’ d like to obtain a master ’ s degree in international relations 
When do you think you will do that 
After I have 3-4 years of work experience 
I see 
Reservations . Can I help you 
I'd like to book a room , please 
How long will you be staying , sir 
Four nights , from October 15th 
What kind of room do you want 
A single room with a bath , if possible 
A single room with a front view is 100 dollars per night , one with a rear is 80 dollars 
I'll take a front one.My name is John Brown . J-O-H-N B-R-O-W-N 
Linda , would you care for some candies or cookies 
No , don't try to tempt me . I'm becoming chubby , and I have to slender down 
You are not really chubby . You are actually thin enough 
I don't think so . I know I've put on weight this winter 
So you are watching your weight , aren't you 
Yes , to tell you the truth . I am on the diet 
Good morning . Do I need an appointment 
No , ma'am , there's only one person ahead of you . You won't have to wait long 
Thank you 
All right , madam , it's your turn . What will it be today 
I've been wearing my hair long for years , but now I'd like to try some kind of modern style . What do you suggest for a woman like me , that is , with hair like mine 
Come here , please . We'd like to wash your hair first . That way it will be easier to cut and style . I think you'll like this style . It's very fashionable 
I hope so . I'm really tired of this old-fashioned style that I've been wearing 
Would you like me to blow-dry your hair 
Yes , if you think it will help 
What do you think of it 
It's great ! Will it be hard to care for 
Not at all . When you wash it , it will fall into place naturally . You'll probably need another cut in about a month . Shall I make an appointment for you 
By all means 
Do you mind if I smoke here 
Yes , I do . I ’ d prefer you didn ’ t . The AC ( air-conditioning ) is also on 
Can I just turn off the AC for now and open the window and smoke indoors 
That ’ s not a very good idea . It ’ s quite hot outside . Why don ’ t you smoke outside 
It ’ s very hot and that ’ s why I ’ d like to smoke inside 
Though the AC has the air-purifying function . I ’ d still rather have fresh air than smoke . Are you okay with that 
Oh , no problem 
May I fix an appointment with Dr.Cui 
Sure 
When will it be convenient for her 
Any time is all right , except Sunday 
How about ten o'clock tomorrow 
OK . I'll tell her 
Ok , I ’ Ve got an up-to-day map . Let ’ s check the route from here to the airport 
Where are we ? Oh , here we are . So we drive to the A120 and turn left 
No , we turn right . Remember that we are coming from this direction 
Oh yes ! Sorry ! Then we drive to the M11 motorway 
How far is that 
It ’ s only seven miles . We turn left to join the motorway and drive south 
According to the map , we get off the M11 at the second junction and join the M25 . That ’ s the motorway that goes around the edge of London 
That ’ s another 15 miles , so that ’ s 22 miles total so far 
Then we drive west on the M25 . we must be careful to turn in the right direction 
Then we drive on the M25 . it turns south . When we reach exit 15 , we turn left and go west along the M4 
Then we take the first Heathrow Airport . What ’ s the total distance 
The journey around the M25 is 33 miles and then 3 extra miles to get to the airport . So how many miles is that together 
22 miles to the M25 , 33 miles on the M25 , and 3 after that . That ’ s a total of 58 miles , isn ’ t it 
It shouldn ’ t take us very long to cover that distance . Remember that we can go quite fast on the motor way 
We can only go fast on the motor ways if there isn ’ t much traffic . I think we should allow ourselves plenty of time to get there . Being early is much better than being late 
How far is this address from here , please 
Let me see . Go straight on , then take the first turning on the left 
So how long does it take 
Twenty minutes ’ walk at most 
hi , how are you doing 
everything's great . And you 
same here . Have you seen any new films recently 
no , I haven't had a chance to . But I've been watching a Chinese TV series called Chinese-Style Divorce 
oh , really ? I saw it two years ago . It's worth seeing and it's thought-provoking 
yeah . I found it is so close to our life 
it reflects some of our difficulties in this ever-changing world 
you said it . You know , the divorce rate has been on the rise in recent years 
well , it's said that a lot of young people favor getting married quickly which tend end quickly too 
I know a couple who divorced a week after getting married 
oh , that's too short-lived 
that's true . It's said the short-lived marriage is typical of the post - 80s generation 
I can't agree more . The only-child generation in China tends to know little about marriage 
definitely . They don't take relationships and marriages very seriously 
in their mind , love is nothing but passion and marriage is over once the passion is gone 
I think , as the saying goes as the saying goes haste makes waste , it is the same thing with marriage 
Foreign Currency Deposits Counter , yes . What can I do for you 
You see , I have these Euros , and of course they are of no use to me at the moment . So I'd like to save them in my account , but I'm not sure how to go about it 
OK . We offer 2 types of saving systems , Time Savings and Demand Savings . With Time Savings your money cannot be withdrawn for a certain period of time , but with Demand Savings your money is ' on demand ' , you can withdraw at any time 
I see . What's the interest like on those 
There's quite a large difference . I mean , if you were to use demand deposit we could give you 0.13 % interest , but for a time deposit , of say , 1 year we would offer 0.82 % 
Yes , I couldn't agree with you more . A 1 year time deposit it is 
Hi . Can I help you 
No , thanks . I ’ m just looking around 
Okay . Please let me know if you need any help 
Thanks a lot 
Here is the song list 
Do you have any English songs 
Yes , here you are 
Let me have a look . Everything I do I do it for you 、 Unchained melody 、 My heart will go on . Oh , and I ’ d like to try Everything I do I do it for you 
Let me play it for you 
Is it easy to locate it 
It's very easy . Here it is . Ready ? Excellent ! You are a good singer . You sing the bass so well 
I used to be a better singer . I haven't sung in the Karaoke for a long time . It's your turn 
I'll sing a Chinese folk song Love song of Hanging , first in Chinese then in English 
That's really my pleasure to listen to a Chinese song 
What do you think of the play showed last night 
I think there's too much violence and it did no good to my little boy 
Yes , I turned it off when the fight got heated in it 
It's really hard to avoid such bad influence anyway 
I have a package to post today 
Yes , what's in the package , madam 
Well , it has a cassette record ... a cassette tape 
How would you like to send it 
By airmail please 
Do you want to insure it 
Yes , I'd like to insure it for 20 dollars . How much shall I pay altogether 
3 dollars 
How do you like it 
It's quite good . I will take it 
Sure . We can deliver it to your home 
Well . I am a traveler from China . Would you please mail to China 
Of course . You have to fill out the form first 
Verry sorry to have kept you waiting so long . What do you want , Madam 
I want haircut and perm 
How long would you like your haircut today 
Just cut a little off 
You wanna tight , medium or naturally curly perm 
I'd like to have medium 
How about you hair style 
Can you tell me my choices 
Well , with perm we can do very kinds patterns such as bob , chocolate hairstyle or bang.Which do you prefer 
I want the chocolate one . I want to have it the big waves 
It looks wonderful 
Turn the chair I can see myself in the mirror 
What do you think of it 
Beautifully done , many thanks 
Liu , two days later , you will be in England . Don't you feel excited 
Yes , of course . I can't wait to be there 
Have you got everything ready 
I think so . I won't forget anything important . As long as I have my passport , VISA card and airline ticket . It will be OK 
By the way , have you double checked your flight time 
More than 100 times . The flight takes off at 12:00 
This is the schedule for the project . Any comments or questions 
I think we'll need more time than the schedule gives us 
Don't worry . These dates are only targets 
How have you been 
Fine , thanks . How about you 
Excuse me , could you tell me whether there is a restaurant near here 
Yes , there is one at Sanyuan Bridge . It is a famous restaurant in the city 
I'm afraid there must be a lot of people there 
I think so . I think you'd better make a phone call to see whether there is a table available 
But we don't know the telephone number 
Here is a tourist guidebook . You can look it up in the book 
You are so kind ! Thank you very much 
It's a pleasure 
May I have a look at that vase , please 
Of course . It's the best one I have here---and it's only 300 yuan 
Oh , it's really nice , but to tell the truth , that's far too expensive 
Really ? Even for such an excellent one 
Aren ’ t you interested in watching the Olympics ? There have been some excellent performances by athletes from all over the world 
I just don ’ t find it very interesting 
I think it ’ s wonderful to see people from all over the world taking part in such a great event 
I think that for a lot of people , it ’ s just a way to try and show their country is better than other countries 
I think the Olympics help to promote world peace 
I ’ m not sure about that . We still have many wars in the world . I think that the idea behind the Olympics is a good one , but the reality is that during the Olympics countries compete . There ’ s no real spirit of cooperation and people are usually not very friendly to each other 
You are so pessimistic ! The Olympics is a great opportunity for athletes to demonstrate their speed , skill , agility and strength . Most people hope to see someone from their country win , but I think that they are just happy to see good performances by any athlete 
Well . I think that the most amazing performances are by athletes who participate in the Paralympics 
Now there we are in agreement 
Excuse me . Are you Mr . Smith 
No , I'm not 
Oh , I'm so sorry 
That ’ s all right 
Hello . What can we do for you 
Hello , I'm here to talk to someone about a Fixed Asset Loan 
Certainly . That shouldn't be a problem . Tell me , do you have a Basic Account with us 
Yes . I also have a Loan Certificate 
Oh , that's good . We will come to our final decision based on your credit rating , the payment capability ..
Well , we have no problems with our credit rating , I can assure you 
I'd like to extend my visa for another two years 
Are you on a tourist visa or a student visa 
Student visa 
What is the reason for extension 
I'll go into a practical training as soon as I receive my Master ’ s degree from the University of Pennsylvania early next month 
We ’ ll need a letter from your university and a financial statement from you 
OK , folks , let's get to work . We need to come up with some ideas for the new essentials perfume campaign . This is a really big contract and we are under a lot of pressure here to impress the client 
Well , Let's get down to business ( shall we ? ) Now is probably a good time to start our discussion , the main purpose of this meeting is to talk about the benefits and disadvantages of our new project 
The reason I have called this meeting is to review a proposal we have received from our international division in Hong Kong . The agenda for this meeting is as follows , first , a presentation of the new proposal by Mr . Black . Second , an analysis by Ms . Nielson . Finally , a discussion about whether or not to implement this proposal 
My husband goes out drinking with his friends every night . I'm fed up with it 
Maybe you two should go see a marriage counselor 
That restaurant has six parking spaces 
What are the odds of finding a parking space there 
Almost zero 
I'm afraid I spilled coffee on the tablecloth 
Oh , never mind . I am just going to do the laundry today 
I want to apologize . Is there anything can do for you 
It really doesn't matter at all . I never did like it anyway 
Hello , My name is Candy Brown . May I have your name 
Hello , Candy . My name is Jim White . Nice to meet you 
Nice to meet you , too . Where are you from 
I'm from New Orleans . What about you 
I was born here 
Really ? This is a beautiful town 
It's nice talking to you . But I have to go 
OK . Can I have your phone number 
OK . It's 15066688866 . Call me ! Bye-bye , then 
I will . Bye 
Excuse me , sir.Is there a barber near here 
Yes , the nearest one is at the third cross of this road 
I'm a stranger here.How can I get there , please 
Just walk down the road for a few minutes , and you'll find it on your right 
Thank you very much 
What can I do for you today 
I have an issue 
What is your problem 
There were charges on my debit card that I never made 
Do you have a statement for your debit card 
I do 
Which charges are you talking about 
It ’ s the last four charges 
We ’ re going to have to do an investigation 
Is that going to take long 
I ’ m not sure , but in the meantime we will freeze these charges 
That ’ s wonderful . Thank you 
Have a nice weekend 
Thanks.You too 
Do you have any plans 
Well , my family's away and I can't afford to do much.What about you 
Oh , I haven't decided what I'm going to do yet 
Marry ; Mr . Johnson wants these documents to be copied 
Oh , no . You see I'm in the middle of something . Could he wait 
I'm afraid ..
All right , all right . He'll get them as soon as possible 
Well now that I know what kind of movies you like , tell me , what's your least favorite kind of movie 
I don't really like sci-fi movies because they're always really weird 
I know ! I don't get them at all . But wait , isn't ' Terminator ' a sci-fi movie 
Hmm ... you're right . Well , I guess ' Terminator ' is an exception to the rule 
I hear Jean married a business tycoon 
That's true . Her husband is a fat cat 
But I don't think she really loves him 
She is only after his money 
If I were her , I wouldn't marry a man I don't really love 
But many girls nowaday do want to marry a man filthy with dough 
The weather is terrible 
Yes . It was sunny and warm yesterday but the wind is really blowing hard now 
I'm wearing my heavy jacket 
I'm going to put on more clothes , too 
Will it snow today 
I don't know . Do you like snowing 
Yes , when it snows , every where is white . It's very beautiful 
You can read the newspaper . Maybe it will tell you whether it will snow or not 
Good idea 
Oh Gush ! The first day of my career is over . I can not breathe now after dealing with so many documents . But I heard the notice that our company will hold two-week staff training 
Stop fussing ! It is said that the training is important for our newcomers . And my company also informs me to attend the training next week 
But for me , the training is waste of my precious time 
I disagree with you . Companies usually make a workable and reasonable plan for the trainings , so as to improve new comers ' understanding of the company and its rules in short time . Through the training , we get to know many things , such as the corporate culture and spirit . Our newcomers can really grasp the essence of the company
They must have got in through the kitchen window 
If only we'd remember to close it 
I am afraid your diamond bracelet has gone , darling 
I wish I'd put it in the bank 
Look ! they've taken your fur coat too 
I know , I am sorry I ever bought it 
I noticed they've taken our radio and left the television 
It's a pity they didn't take the tele . We need a new one . Anyway we can claim for all this from the insurance company 
I wish we could , but we can't , you see , we are not insured 
You know Iden , I don ’ t know much about you . Where were you born 
I was born in London , but I spent most of my childhood in Hongkong 
What was your childhood like 
I had a pretty strict up-bring , and my parents and I were always fighting about it 
Do you get along with your parents now 
Oh , sure . Once they reached middle age , they became a lot less uptight 
Where did you go to university 
My parents wanted me to stay in Hongkong , but I decided to go back to England , I graduated from Oxford University with a degree in English literature 
What ’ s your current occupation 
I ’ m a freelance writer . i write magazine articles and fiction books
Did you always know you wanted to be a writer 
No , I didn ’ t . I was an english teacher for about five years , but by the time I was thirty , I decided I want a fresh challenge 
How did you start writing 
I started writing margin articles for fun , and eventually was asked to write a book , so I was pretty lucky 
Are you writing a book now 
Yes , it ’ s about a group of friends living in a foreign country , and all the strange experiences they have
Sounds interesting 
Hello , may I help you 
Well , I'm looking for some winter clothes . And I notice you have pre-season sale on all your winter apparel 
Yes , everything is 25 % off 
Do you have any skirt that will go with this sweater 
Sure , we have both skirts and slacks that will go well with the sweater . I especially like this flowery skirt . It's very much in style this year 
I don't think that shade of green will go with my complexion . Do you have any of those skirts in black or tan 
Look on the rack to your right 
Oh , yes . Just show me where the fitting rooms are now . I can't wait to try this on 
Well , that's it . 7 appointments in Paris at beginning of next week , and 4 in Frankfurt at the end of the week 
It's certainly a tight schedule 
Now it's a question of getting there . I need a flight to Paris on Sunday evening and a hotel in Paris for 3 nights . I have to be in Frankfurt by 11 on Thursday morning . And I will need a hotel for one night . I will head home on Friday 
At what time 
My last appointment is at 3 , so I should be free by 5 at the very latest . I think I could get to the airport by 6 
Do you know how far you will be from the airport at 5 
No , not really 
So you are not sure how long it will take to get there 
No , but I am sure it won't take more than an hour 
Don't forget it's Friday nighty . If Frankfurt's anything like London , everybody will be leaving for the weekend . It will be a rush hour and traffic might be moving very slowly 
You are a pessimist 
I am a realist 
Excuse me . I'm afraid you're in my seat . You've moved my books 
Oh , dear 
You must have realized somebody was here 
Oh , well , I looked around . There wasn't any other space . I waited a while and nobody came . I'm sorry if I've taken your place 
Will you introduce me to the new colleague 
Haven't you met yet 
No , we haven't 
I'll be glad to do it 
Hello 
Hello ! Could I speak to Sheerly Lim please 
Sure , just a second.Who ' s calling 
This is Sue from work 
Ok , sue , I will just go in get her 
OK . I just saw a Versace for thirty dollars . This stuff can't be real 
Most of it is . You should sign up 
I'm not sure I'd want to give these people my credit card number 
Didn't you read about Paypal and Bidpai ? They are very safe 
Sure , but it's so complicated . They asked for my credit card authorization number 
That's the last three or four numbers on the back of your credit card where your signature is 
I have trouble understanding all these forms ... but I'm sure I'll get it 
Let ’ s go to the seashore on Saturday 
Yes ! Let ’ s go sailing and water skiing . That ’ s so exciting 
It ’ s expensive , too . Let ’ s just sit in the sun and go swimming instead 
Yes . Let ’ s sleep on the sand . That ’ s most exciting 
Good morning . I want to apply for a library card 
Give me 10 yuan , your ID card and a photo of you please 
But I hear that the card is free 
Yes , it is . But you must pay a deposit for the card 
There will be a refund when I return the card , right 
Yes , if the card is well kept and has no dirt and scratches 
OK , here you are 
Where ’ s the wagon 
Where ’ s what wagon 
The water wagon 
What water wagon 
The wagon with the water , of course 
That ’ s my wagon . I need the water to water my flowers in the yard 
No , you can ’ t do that . There isn ’ t much water in the wagon . And we need the water for drinking 
So what do you feel like doing this evening ? How about going to the cinema 
Ah , that's a good idea . But I heard the film club of our school would show a film for free . Maybe we don't need to go to the cinema 
That's good ! I've also heard there will be a party held by the Students ' Union tomorrow evening . Would you like to go with me tomorrow night 
I'd like to , but I'm afraid I can't 
Why ? Do you have to prepare for your examination ? Oh , come on , girl , relaxation is also very important 
That's not the reason . I have to go to the English Corner tomorrow evening . You know , I've been going there every week 
Oh , God , I've forgotten it 
You said you wanted to improve your English , so how about coming with me tomorrow ? I can also introduce some friends to you 
Oh , no , I don't want to know any more geeks like you 
They are not geeks . They are also interested in singing , dancing , and so on . They are excellent , and they can always help me a lot 
Really ? Is there a foreign teacher for every class 
It depends . If they are not busy , they will come to join us , and talk with us 
So you just talk all the time 
Of course not . The foreign teachers also teach us English songs , and play games with us 
That sounds interesting . I'll go with you tomorrow evening 
You won't be disappointed 
Diane Grant ? I haven't seen you for ages 
Brian ! How have you been 
Pretty good . Say , you've really changed 
Oh , well , I've lost some weight . And my hair is longer than before 
Well , you look great ! How are you 
I'm doing really well . I got married about three years ago . I have two kids now 
That's terrific 
Hi dude , you look upset , what's up 
haven't been sleeping well recently 
what's the problem 
every night my roommates watch the Korean soap operas till mid-night . I am not a big fan of Korean shows and I don't know how to tell them to stop without hurting their feelings 
well , you can simply tell them you want to sleep , or make an arrangement for a time when the room should quiet down 
yeah , I know , but I find these sorts of things hard to say . They won't like it if I tell them to turn off the TV . Now I just hope the show will end soon 
I understand . I used to live in a dorm with four people . I was great in some aspects . We always went out and and had fun together . But on the other hand , when I wanted some quiet time , and people kept
yeah , I crave my own space . i just so tired of having people around me all time 
I stayed at Bob's last night 
I was worried where you were 
I guess I should have told you 
Yes , you should have 
Do you have any seat preferences , sir 
Yes , could you put me in the non-smoking section 
Yes . Would you like a window seat 
If one's available , please . But not over the wing 
I finally found an apartment that I want to rent 
Where did you see it 
I saw it in this ad for apartments in today ’ s newspaper 
You found an apartment in the ads 
I really did , but what ’ s so great about it is that it ’ s really affordable 
Tell me about the apartment 
Well , most importantly the apartment is beautiful 
How much is the rent for the apartment 
The rent is $ 725 each month 
That ’ s pretty cheap for out here 
That ’ s what I said when I found out how much the rent was 
Congratulations on the new apartment 
Hello , this is Francis 
Hi , this is Monica . I was wondering when we can work on this financial report 
Today , I am busy all day long 
Shall I see you on Friday morning 
That ’ s not good for me at all.It ’ ll have to be another time 
We must find some time to read report 
I know . I am available from 1 PM to 4 PM on Friday afternoon 
That ’ s all right . Then see you on Friday afternoon 
See you 
John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill . Do we have anyone on stand-by 
I'm afraid not , we're very short-staffed at the moment . Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime ? Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement 
Could you show me the way to the railway station 
Yes , of course 
Would you like to be my guide 
I'd be very pleased 
OK , now let's go on to talk about initial deposits 
Good idea . How much do I need to deposit 
For Agreement Savings , we ask for 100,000 RIB 
And how do I withdraw if I need to 
You can use a Type A Agreement Savings Account the same was as a Settlement Account 
I'm sorry , refresh my mind . What's different about a Type B Account 
With a Type B Account , it cannot be directly involved in any transaction and it cannot be applied to any external withdrawal service 
David , why don't you clean your room 
I am not in the mood 
Why are you feeling depress 
I was told my girlfriend was speaking ill of me . It's a real letdown 
I don't think she would do such a thing 
But she did and it made me disappointed 
Oh , cheer up ! A girlfriend is not everything 
But she means a lot to me 
Then forgive her mistake 
Oh , I just can't forget it 
I heard you've found a new job 
Yes , I'm now working in a company 
So you're quite happy with your new job 
Right . I enjoy what I'm doing 
I would love to be famous and have thousands of adoring fans 
Really ? I ’ m not sure that I would like all the attention . There have been numerous cases of paparazzi interfering with star ’ s private live in recent years 
I love being photographed ! If I were famous , I ’ d do interviews for all the top magazines , like cosmo and elle 
I wouldn ’ t mind having my photo taken a few times or being interviewed once or twice , but it would get tedious after a while . Imagine the things the gossip columnists would write about you 
No-one really believes gossip columnists 
I think you ’ ll find that many people believe what they read in gossip columns . You ’ d also have to be very careful about every word you said . If you appeared on a chat show and said something silly , it
I think you ’ re right about that . I ’ d need a good manager to be my spokesperson . I could do a lot of charity work , which would help a lot of people 
That ’ s a great idea . Which charities would you support 
I love children , as you know , so probably a children ’ s charity 
You ’ d have to remember that anything you said or did might reflect on the charity , so you ’ d really need to be very careful . Anyway , I ’ d be the first to buy your posters and I ’ d attend your first book 
Thanks , but actually I was hoping I could ask you to write my biography 
First of all , thank you for accepting this job 
It ’ s my pleasure 
What are your salary expectations 
Would you please tell me about your pay skill first 
We ’ ll offer you a monthly salary to begin with , in addition , we offer one percent commission and all your sales . You also enjoy life insurance and health insurance . What ’ s starting salary would you expect here 
They sum my skills and experience . I ’ d like to start it with 4000 yuan a month 
That sounds reasonable 
Do I have paid vacation 
Yes , you have 2 weeks paid vacation a year , and you get it additional week after 4 years , and then again , after 9 years if you decide to stay that long , we promote from within based on performance , so there is an excellent chance that you could become a sales manager or even a region manager 
I'm so sorry about your brother , Mr . Wang 
Thanks , Jane 
If you need any help , just let me know 
What are we eating for lunch 
I have no idea . What about you 
I kind of want pizza 
I ate pizza the other day 
So , what do you feel like eating then 
How about some burgers 
I already had a burger yesterday 
What are we going to do 
We can just each get what we want to get 
That sounds like a plan 
Do you know a place that sells pizza and burgers 
I think they sell both at the cafeteria 
I have a reservation for a single with bath 
We are sorry , but single rooms have been occupied 
What's the room rate ? It is a little expensive for me , do you have any other rooms 
Then how about this room , with just shower 
May I see the room ? I ’ ll take this room . Is the rate for the room only 
No , sir . The tax is included 
I am sorry , but I can't stay until the end of class 
Where do you need to be that is more important than school 
I have an appointment 
Do you have a plan to make up your missed work 
No , but I'll make sure someone helps me out this week with my missed work 
Are you going to go right away 
I am leaving right now 
All right , but please remember that it is your responsibility to catch up 
Thanks , Professor . I'll make sure everything gets taken care of 
Goodbye , and try not to miss any more school 
There is a new restaurant opening up in town next month 
What kind of food will they be serving 
My favorite , Mexican . And I've heard that the head chef is from San Paulo 
It sounds like this is going to be authentic Mexican food 
I can hardly wait 
Do you know the day they plan to open 
I'll double check the announcement 
Maybe we can make reservations ahead of time 
Hello ! My name is Sandals , I have a reservation 
May I see your identification , please , sir 
Here you are 
Thanks . Do you have a credit card , sir 
Of course . Will American Express do 
I'm very sorry , sir . We accept only VISA or MasterCard 
No problem . Here's my VISA 
Thanks . Room 507 is a spacious , nonsmoking room , with a queen bed . Does that meet your expectations 
Yes , that sounds like what I want 
That's wonderful , sir . Now , here's your key . Should you need anything , just dial 0 
I want to check out today . My plane leaves at 3 p . m 
Which room are you staying in now , sir 
I am in Room 205 . My name is Bill Smith . When shall I check out 
Usually if you are leaving today , you'd better check out before 12 noon , and leave the room . If you check out after 12 noon , we will count one day more 
Oh , I didn't know that 
Since your plane leaves at 3 p . m . it will be too early for you to leave the hotel at 12 0 ' clock . We can arrange you to stay in the room until 1 p . m . ; but first you should still check out before 12 noon 
That's very considerate of you . May I have my bill 
Yes , sir . Here it is 
How much is it 
Your bill comes to 60 dollars . How would you like it to be paid ? With cash or credit card 
I'd like it to be charged to my credit card 
Would you please give to me , and will imprint it 
do you have any plans for tomorrow night 
not really . I wasn thinking of maybe going to a movie . Do you want to go with me 
sure . What movies were you thinking about going to 
have you heard of Hot Fuzz 
yes . Isn't the director of that movie the same guy who directed Shaun of the Dead 
that's the one . It's an actioncomedy . What do you think 
to be honest , I didn't really like Shaun of the Dead . Besides , I like movies with a happy ending best 
what do you have in mind 
I was thinking of seeing You , Me and Dupree . It's a typical Hollywood blockbuster 
isn't that the chick flick with Kate Hudson and Owen Wilson 
yeah , I suppose you wouldn't want to see that , huh 
not really . Do you like biographical / drama films 
It depends on who the film is about . Which movie did you have in mind 
Anne Hathaway is in a new movie called Becoming Jane which is based on a true story about Jane Austen 
that sounds fantastic ! What time is it playing 
it's on at 8: 00 pm at the Phoenix Theatres . I have a membership there , so I can book the tickets ahead of time 
great . Shall I meet you there around 7:45 tomorrow night 
sounds good . I'll see you then 
There is a tornado warning on . My mother just told me she heard it on the radio 
What is a tornado warning 
It means that a tornado has been seen somewhere in the area 
Really ? In New Berlin 
No . Not necessarily in town . But in southern Wisconsin somewhere . A tornado has been spotted . They have two stages here.This is what is called a " tornado watch . " That means that the weather conditions are perfect for a tornado 
I understand . They think a tornado might come 
Yes . People should look out , because maybe there will be tornadoes coming.So it's called a " watch . 
And the second stage is called a " tornado warning " 
Yes . If a tornado has been spotted , they announce a " tornado warning " . So if there's a tornado warning on , it means a tornado is out there somewhere 
It's scary 
Well . Tornadoes can be dangerous , it's true.If we hear something like a loud train coming , then we have to go in the basement 
What do you mean " a loud train " 
That is what tornadoes sound like . They sound like trains . They're very loud 
But if you hear them coming , isn't it already too late 
Maybe . It depends on the tornado.Some can move across the ground at 200 miles an hour.That is very fast . Others aren't so fast 
Have you seen a lot of them 
I've only seen one in my life . I was looking out the window . It was around two miles away . It was very interesting to watch.But it was heading toward my friend's house . So I quickly called them on the phone 
Did it hit their house 
No , it didn't . But they are glad I called them 
What were they doing when you called 
They were all sitting in the living room watching TV.They had no idea a tornado was coming toward their house.If it had hit them , they could have all been killed 
That's terrible . Do many people die in tornadoes 
Not so many really . But a lot of houses are destroyed sometimes 
I'd like to make sure my plane reservation is in order 
May I have your flight number , please 
World Airlines , Flight 201 
And your name , please 
John Anderson 
Yes , sir . You're booked on Flight 201 , leaving in one hour 
Thank you 
Can I help you 
How much is this pen 
Ten Yuan 
And how much is this pencil 
One Yuan 
Here's fifteen Yuan 
And here's your change . Please check if it is correct 
OK , that's right 
Welcome to come again 
OK 
Excuse me , how can I get special discount coupons 
Buy more and get more special discount coupons 
Can I get a discount coupon if I buy these goods 
Of course You get a coupon for every 3 bags of sugar 
But how much discount can I get if I use it to buy goods next time 
10 pence off if you use this coupon 
Can I buy everything in the supermarket by it ? 
Yeah , you need to take advantage of it within its expiry date 
How long can I keep it 
The coupon can be used at least one year 
I see . I will take 9 bags of sugar so that I can get 3 coupons 
All right . I will get them for you 
Is supper ready ? I'm hungry 
Almost ready . Could you set the table 
Ok . What are we having 
We'll have fruit salad to start and then the roast beef 
I'll have my beef well-done , please . By the way , don't we have soup tonight 
I didn't prepare it , but if you want , I can cook some . What soup would you like to have 
Let me see . Well , I'd like onion soup . Thank you 
Hello , Tom , are you free next Sunday 
I think so . Why did you ask that 
I'm going to have my first baby , so I plan to hold a baby shower next Sunday 
Congratulations ! Why do people hold parties before the baby is born 
It's the tradition . But baby showers as we know them today were not common until after World Warri 
In any case , I like baby showers , because they allow friends and family to share the joy and excitement of welcoming a new life into the world 
So you will come , won't you 
Of course . I will prepare a good gift for the new arrival 
Thank you very much 
Now , you are to board the plane.We ' re sorry that we haven't done much to help you when you stayed in China 
I appreciate what you have done for me.Everything I have seen here has left a deep impression on me . I really don't know how to express my thanks to you 
We are ready to help you 
Will you be kind to say " Thank you " to Mr.Zhang and other friends for me 
I'd like to . I'm sure your visit will help to promote the friendship and understanding between both of us.Welcome to China again 
Of course , I will.Well , it's time for me to say goodbye.The plane will take off soon.Hope some day you will come to America for a visit 
Thank you . I will if I have chance.Goodbye and happy landing 
Goodbye 
Why aren't you doing well in the class 
The material is so abstract that I have trouble understanding it 
Is everything alright 
Yes , everything is fine 
What took so long ? I thought your flight was supposed to arrive 3 hours ago 
Didn't they announce that our flight was delayed 
I didn't hear anything about a delay . I thought everything was running on time . What happened 
We boarded the plane on time , but then we were held up for almost an hour due to a maintenance problem 
Then what ? Your plane was three hours late 
We finally took off , but about 30 minutes later , the captain came on to the loudspeaker to warn us that there would be some bad turbulence for most of the flight 
Turbulence is pretty normal , isn't it 
Yes , but this was the worst turbulence I'd ever experienced in my life ! Everyone started getting sick . The flight attendants had to stay in their seats . The captain decided to land early 
So where did you land 
We landed in Southampton and waited an hour for the storms to pass and then took off again 
That sounds like a nightmare 
It wasn't too bad . At lease I'm alive 
Have you had anything to eat 
I managed to get a sandwich from a flight attendant . How about you 
I had a few coffees while I was waiting . Let's get out of here 
Excuse me . You can't leave your car here 
Oh , but I Just want to pick up a package . It won't take long 
I'm afraid you'll have to find a parking meter 
Can I park here just for a second 
No , sir . I'm sorry you can't 
May I help you 
Yes , I am looking for a coat 
Do you have any style in your mind 
I have no idea 
I recommend you this one . It's a very popular kind of coat-the most recent thing 
Well , it's good in style , but I am afraid it doesn't wash well 
You look like a basket case 
I'm not surprised 
What's the problem 
My brother in-law just dropped in from the states 
Yeah , and 
I decided to put him up while he's here , big mistake 
Why 
He's lazy . I tried being a good host , but if you give him an inch , he'll take a mile 
I guess you think twice next time he comes 
You can say that again 
So how long has he here for 
Two weeks . If he thinks I'll put up with his attitude that long he's got another thing coming 
Well , I know you do the right thing 
Hello Mr Fang ! It's good to see you again . What can we do for you today 
Hello , Miao Ping . I'd like to open a Foreign Currency Account today 
That shouldn't be a problem , Mr Fang . Have you got your Certificate of Use of Foreign Exchange Account and the Foreign Exchange Account Opening Notice with you ? Our most widely used currencies are US dollar , Japanese yen and Hong Kong dollar 
I need to open a US dollar account , trade with America is going up each year 
We will transact this for you as soon as we can after the materials you have given me have been checked and verified 
Good , thanks . I look forward to hearing from you 
Your husband is very helpful , isn't he 
Willing to help , maybe , but not as helpful as you think 
Really 
Last night he told the children a cliff-hanger story and both of them were scared out of sleep 
Mr . Emory , I ’ d like to take this afternoon off if it's all right with you 
But Steven , you've called in sick 3 times during the last three weeks 
I know , Mr . Emory . I'm sorry . But I really need to see the doctor this afternoon . I feel dizzy and I can't concentrate on my work 
All right , then . But don't forget to bring a doctors note tomorrow 
OK , thank you 
Looks like a good party , I probably know about half the people 
Who ’ s that boy 
Where 
The one next to the telephone 
I don ’ t know . Never saw him before . Why 
I think he ’ s the boy who just moved into my apartment building 
so , which sport do you prefer---basketball or baseball 
to be honest , I don't really care for either one 
I thought everyone liked basketball . Why don't you like it 
I used to play basketball when I was little , and I never scored a goal . Every time I watch a basketball game , I think about how horrible I was at it 
that makes sense 
how about you ? What's your favorite sport of all time 
my absolute favorite is ice hockey 
have you ever seen a live game 
sure , many times . It's an exciting game for spectators to watch 
I've never really understood the game 
it's not that difficult . If you want to watch a game with me , I can explain the rules and the tactics while we're watching 
thanks , that'd be nice . When's the next ice hockey game on 
not for a while , but we could watch an old one on the internet so I can explain the game to you 
that's a good idea 
let's watch the Canadian team . They have a good manager and a great coach 
Are you ready to move 
Definitely . I Ve got the hell out of the company . Anything new 
Yes , but there is a chance that might be suitable for you 
Really ? Are you willing to recommend me for the position 
I can't say , but let me make a call and see if I can help 
I appreciate the effort , sir 
I enjoy watching Channel 5.They always have films from all over the world 
How about the languages 
I can read the subtitles.My set is a huge-screen one 
That's more convenient 
Welcome to our shop . It seems you are interested in this dress 
Yes . But I am afraid it is too thick to wear in summer 
That's no problem . It is made of linen , so you won't feel hot in it . I can assure you it is of superior quality . What is more , it is very popular with young women 
How much is it 
88 Yuan 
OK , that is reasonable . I will take it 
Have you gone bowling before 
No . Could you tell me something more about it ? I want to play well 
There are 10 frames in a bowling game . Each player is allowed to bowl two balls in each frame 
You just said 10 rounds 
' Round ' and ' frame ' are two different terms 
Perhaps you can tell me a little more about this 
Hey , slow down . I'll tell you more while playing 
Where is it 
I'm going to the Golden hotel 
Get in , please 
Thank you . I have an appointment with an important client at 10
Don't worry , you'll be there plenty of time . That is it . 7.15 $ , please 
Thank you.here ' s 10 $ , just give me 1 $ back , please 
What happens if we make a deal and thirty to sixty days after delivery the price goes down and you didn't get the best possible price ? How do I handle that 
Well , these things happens , I know that . You just have to stay straight with me 
Right ! So how do I do that ? What will make you happy 
Well , I suggest you just keep me posted.That should do it.That way the burden is on me to decide when to buy , not you 
Excuse me 
Yeah , it really is that simple.Every time there's a change in the items we do business on , you let me know . That's all you need to do 
What kind of change , just in prices 
No , any change . I want you to keep me as informed as you are . I need to know as much as you do . If you hear about something that might happen , then tell me about it.Tell me it's rumor , what it's based on and your opinion on how likely it is 
You mean on product availability , reliability and price 
No , everthing.Those things for sure , but also labor problems , raw materials , new subcontractors , mergers , in short , anything and everything.So I can make a fully informed decision 
So it's like you want me to be your eyes and ears into the industry . I can do that , provided the company I'm working for isn't hurt 
I think we'll get along fine 
You look really wiped out 
I had meetings back to back all morning . And phone rang off the hook from the minute I walked into the office 
Not a good day . I hate to tell you that Mr . Thomas wants to see the profit ’ s statement for new project tomorrow morning 
I can ’ t believe it . I guess I ’ ll be here until 10 again tonight 
Do you mind if I get a lift in your car , please 
I don ’ t see any problem , only the car is a bit old 
Oh you ’ re so kind 
Get in 
I want to meet you . Are you free this evening 
Well , actually , I'm not free today . Do you have anything urgent 
No , I just want to meet you 
How about tomorrow instead 
Hmm , that's all right . Shall we meet at the bar near the beach 
All right . See you then 
How is your business on the Internet , Steven 
Don't mention it . I lost a bunch of money on it this year . I think it is on the brink of bankruptcy 
I am sorry to hear that . It shows that you should buy companies , not ideas 
I changed my strategy around too . I am investing in good companies now 
Yes , I agree with you . I am going to find a good company and invest in it soon 
It's a good idea . But please be careful when you invest this time 
Yes , I will . I should learn more from you . After all I am green hand on it 
If you have any question , you can ask me 
OK . My wife sent me a message and asked me to go home just now . I am leaving 
All right . Let's chat next time . Bye-bye 
Bye 
Remember that old man who used to beg for money on the street across from our house 
Yeah . Whatever became of him 
He got a job and now he owns a small grocery in town 
That's great . We should visit him some time 
Tom , you promised to cut the lung . You won't forget , will you 
No , I assure you 
And you'll repair the television , won't you 
Ok 
Do you promise 
Of course 
And Tom , you will help Johnny with his homework , won't you 
I'll see . I will if I can but I won't promise 
But you'll promise not to be late for dinner tonight , won't you 
Yes . But only if you ask me nicely 
Tom , darling . You'll try not to be late for dinner tonight , won't you ? Please 
Ok . I'll keep my promise 
Have you a garment 
Yes , what style do you prefer 
Show me the black one , my size 
OK , here you are 
Well , I don't think it matches my jeans.Can you give me some advice 
Good morning , Mr . Zhang 
Good morning 
How are you ? How nice to see you again . How is everything going 
Very well . What about you 
Not bad , thanks ! Our company has sent me to pick you up here 
That is so nice of you 
Tom , how do you think of second-hand goods 
Why did you ask that ? Do you want to buy the used goods 
I'm considering buying a second-hand computer for I'm short of money now 
You know the car I'm driving , which is still in good condition though it is second-hand . And it only cost me 300 dollars . It was so cheap 
But do you really mean that the second - hand goods are just as good as the new ones 
It depends . So you must be careful buying second-hand goods 
Have you ever found yourself in a situation when you have to lie to people who trust you 
Do you mean lying to people for their good 
Yes . Is it wrong to lie to them even if it is for their good 
It's hard to say . I mean , how can you judge what's good for them ? Maybe it is best to tell them the truth no matter what it is 
But sometimes it is so hard to tell the truth 
I know . If you're sure the truth will do harm , maybe you can choose not to tell it 
Would you like anything else , sir 
May I have some water , please 
Certainly . Would you like your coffee with your dinner or later 
With my dinner , please . And can you take my order for dessert later 
Of course 
I'm back 
What have you done 
Going shopping . It tires me too much 
Why don't you go shopping online 
Can I 
Why not ? Let me recommend a website 
OK . What does it sell 
It sells almost everything you can see in the department 
That's great 
Is everything ready for the Christmas party 
Almost . I ’ Ve put up the decorations , and we ’ Ve decorated the Christmas tree with plenty of tinsel and baubles 
I like the big star on the top of the tree . I ’ ll put the presents under the tree later , how ’ s the food 
I ’ Ve prepared most of it already and we ’ Ve got plenty of snack foods-you know , crisps , biscuits , and things . Are you going to make the punch 
Yes . I ’ Ve bought all the things to go in it . It won ’ t take long to make . How many people are coming to the party 
I think everyone will be coming . Dave don ’ t come because he has to go to his parent ’ s home and they live in Scotland 
Do we have Christmas pudding 
Yes , we do . I hope we have enough for everyone . Did you send out all your Christmas cards in time 
Yes , I did . I send most of them a week ago . I ’ Ve brought some with me to the party to give to people in person 
I did the same . I spent hours yesterday evening wrapping presents . I hope I didn ’ t forget to buy anyone something 
I hope you didn ’ t forget mine 
I ’ Ve got this really neat idea , you can hire a car and drive straight there 
Are you nuts ? What would my friends think if they see me in a hired car 
But that ’ s the quickest way to make your plans work 
Oh this is hard ! Well , I ’ ll see what I can do 
Hello , Sir , may I help you 
Yes . I would like some information for requesting a loan 
Very well , here are the general terms of our loan policies . We pride ourselves in having the lowest interest rate in the country for personal loans 
I see . So let me get this straight . If I borrow let ’ s say , ten thousand dollars , how much will I have to pay each month 
It depends on how long you take to pay it back . If we lend you ten thousand dollars at an annual interest rate of ten percent for forty eight months , you would have to pay each month a portion of the loan which is called the principal and another small portion of the annual interest rate . This of course is considering that you don ’ t default on a payment 
It sounds good but , there is just one problem . I have a terrible credit score 
That is a very serious problem you see , the bank must assess your personal information , past loans , assets and any other relevant information such as your credit score in order to approve your loan 
You know what ? I don ’ t really need the money . Thanks anyways 
Excuse me , Mr . Li . I have something to discuss with you 
I'm in a bit of a hurry , Miss Liu . Can you wait for a minute 
I would really appreciate it if we could talk for a few minutes now . It's about the overtime you've asked me to put in 
All right . What's the problem 
I really can't work overtime . Because my husband has been ill recently , I must take care of him 
I'm sorry to hear that . Take good care of your husband . I'll find another one to replace you 
God , I didn ’ t realize . I didn ’ t , I didn ’ t know ..
... Who you were with ? I didn ’ t know whom you were with 
Excuse me 
Sorry , it ’ s from the Godfather . It ’ s when the , when the movie producer realizes Tom Higgins had emissary of Vito Corleone , it ’ s just before the horse ’ s head ends up in the bed with all the bloody sheets , you know , wakes up , and AAAL ! Never mind 
You were spying on me , weren ’ t you ? You probably rented those children 
Why would I spy on you 
Because I am your competition which you know perfectly well , or you would not put up that sign just around the corner 
The entrance to our store is around the corner . And there ’ s no other way of saying that . It ’ s not the name of our store . It ’ s where it is . And you do not own the phrase around the corner 
What is that ? What are you doing ? You ’ re taking all the caviar ! That caviar is a garnish 
Look , the reason I came into your store is because I was spending the day with Annabell and matt . And I was buying them presents . I ’ m the type of guy who likes to buy his way into the hearts of children who are his relative . And there ’ s only one place to find a children ’ s book in the neighborhood . That will not always be the case . And it was yours . And it is a charming little bookstore . You probably sell what 350,000 worth of books in a year 
Excuse me , can you tell me where I can go fishing 
I like fishing too . I usually fish near the lake 
I want to go fishing today , but I have left my rod and fishing line at home 
What a shame 
Are we going to have dinner tonight 
What are you planning on making 
I'm not cooking dinner 
The only way you're eating tonight is if you cook 
I'm not sure what to cook for dinner 
I don't know . What do you want to eat 
I have a taste for some chicken and potatoes 
That sounds delicious 
So are you planning on cooking it 
I already told you that I'm not cooking tonight 
I'll cook dinner 
I already know . Start cooking 
Dad , I want to learn how to drive this summer vacation 
That's a good idea . You'd better hurry up before they've filled all classes . Many people are learning how to drive now 
I will get registered now at once . Do you know any training schools 
I am not sure . You can search for them on the Internet 
OK . look , I've typed driver schools , and there are so many results coming out 
Let me see . teetee Training School , summer program , 3,000 Yuan , learn how to drive within one month , and get driver's license within three months 
3,000 Yuan is a little bit steep 
I think so . Let's see the next one , 3,500 Yuan , summer program . Forget it 
I've heard that the Ideal Life School is famous . They offer many programs and there are many classes available . The charge is also fair 
Search on the Internet then , see if we can find something more about it 
Ah , got it . Ideal Life School , programs
Don't worry . Let's check out some other schools 
To get around your difficulty , Mr . Brown , I'd suggest that you reduce your order by half . You can send in an Addi trional order later 
Well , I'll consider the possibility . By the way , when do I open the L / C if I want the goods to be delivered in June 
A month before the time you want the goods to be delivered 
Could you possibly effect shipment more promptly 
Getting the goods ready , making out the documents and booking the shipping space - - all this takes time , you know . You cannot expect us to make delivery in less than a month 
Very well , Mrs.Wang . I'll not reduce my order . I'll take the full quantity you offer . And I'll arrange for the Letter of Credit to be opened in your favor as soon as I get home 
When will that be 
Early next week . In the meantime , I should be very pleased if you would get everything ready . I hope that the goods can dispatched promptly after you get my Letter of Credit 
You can rest assured of that . We'll book you order and inquire for the shipping space now , so that shipment can be effected within two or three weeks of receipt of your L / C 
That'll be fine . I appreciate your cooperation 
Very good . Well , thanks to your cooperation , our discussion has been very pleasant and fruitful . I sincerely hope that the volume of trade between us will be even greater in the future 
By the way , Mrs . Wang , we have a mind to do joint participation with you on Japanese arts and crafts in our market . Would you entertain this proposal 
Well , this is something new . A few of our friends from Europe have also suggested that we participate in joint enterprise with them dealing in some of our goods . We think there are a lot of details to go into 
If you feel our proposal is attractive , it is estimated that business to the extent of over twenty million marks can be done in this manner 
Naturally , I appreciate your efforts in pushing the sale of Japanese arts and crafts . But I'm not in a position to discuss your proposal today . I must first talk to our director , and discuss it with you some other time 
All right . Anyway , I'll be staying here for another two weeks . But I'm looking forward to having something done in this respect 
We'll talk about it next time . Now that everything is settled , let's have a cup of tea , and take our minds off business for a change 
We have to pick up Conrad before the party 
Alright , no problem 
We're supposed to meet him at Cal's Bar at 10
Wait a minute . Cal's bar 
Yes 
That's a gay bar 
Yes , it is . Conrad is gay . Didn't you know 
I thought he was maybe gay , but I wasn't sure.Anyhow , you don't expect me to go into a gay bar , do you 
Why not ? We're supposed to meet him there 
Why doesn't he meet us outside 
Why should he do that ? It isn't illegal for us to go in 
Yeah , but who wants to go in ? I'm not gay , you know . Why should I go in a gay bar 
You sound like you're afraid 
I just wouldn't be comfortable 
You've never been in a gay bar before 
No , never 
But it's just a bar . There's no danger.You shouldn't be so homophobic 
Well ..
Listen . If you refuse to go in , Conrad will be offended.You don't hate gay people , do you 
No , I don't . But I never went into a gay bar before 
Don't worry about it . There is nothing strange about it.If Conrad's there , we'll leave for the party.If he's not , we'll sit down and have a drink 
Okay . I will try it . I suppose it isn't reasonable for me to refuse to go in.After all , gay people aren't afraid to go into normal bars 
I'm glad you feel that way.We ' ll leave in about ten minutes , alright 
Fine 
You missed the film.That ' s a shame 
Is it stimulating 
Yes . I got very excited 
I hope I still have chances 
Say , Anna , what are you doing tonight ? Would you like to go out 
Oh , sorry , I can't . I'm going to work late tonight . I have to finish this report 
Well , how about tomorrow night ? Are you doing anything then 
No , I'm not . What are you planning to do 
I'm going to see a musical . Would you like to come 
Sure , I'd love to ! But let me pay for the tickets this time . It's my turn 
All right ! Thanks 
Are you going to vote tomorrow 
I sure am . How about you 
I am 
Do you know where your polling place is 
My polling place is up the street at the park 
Oh , really 
Where ’ s yours at 
I ’ m not sure 
You should know that already 
I didn ’ t receive my polling place in the mail 
You do know that you can look online , right 
I didn ’ t know that . I ’ ll go look right now 
Honey , I ’ ll be right back 
Where are you going 
I told you already ! I ’ m going to get my nails done 
Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week 
Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me 
Why ? I don ’ t want to have nail polish or anything like that 
They don ’ t only paint my nails ! The manicurist will remove my cuticles , file my nails , and apply at least nails coats of nail polish 
Yeah , sounds like something I should definitely do 
Excuse me , miss.Should I check in here for taking MS121 to Florence 
Yes , show me your ticket and passport please 
Here you are . Can I have a seat in the back of the plane 
No problem . Wish you a nice trip 
I see Mike farmer has make it into the Olympic team . He beat the national record by 0.1 of a second 
That ’ s great . He ’ s the best runner I ’ Ve seen this season . I ’ m sure he ’ ll win a medal at the Olympics 
I think you ’ re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ’ ll win 
I really don ’ t know . I don ’ t think we ’ ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones 
What do you think our chance are in other events 
In the last Olympics , we did very well in swimming , cycling and ball sports . I think we ’ ll do well in those same events 
We might get a gold medal in the sailing too . Our team put in a lot of practice 
I think we can expect to get between 30 to 40 medals in total 
You are very optimistic 
Look ! It is not working well . Did you try out the bike when you bought it 
No , there ’ s no need . We can change it within two days if it ’ s not damaged 
But it would save a lot of trouble if you had taken it for a test ride 
I know . I will pay attention to such a thing next time 
What's the matter 
Checking out , please 
Can I have your keys , please ? Thank you . Here's your statement 
Excuse me . What are these charges 
Oh , these are the phone charges and these are for something from the bar 
Wait a minute . I made a phone call , but I never made a connection 
I know , sir . Those aren't telephone company charges . Those are hotel charges 
Isn't that a bit excessive 
I'm sorry , sir . It's our policy 
OK . Here is the money 
Thank you . Welcome to our hotel again 
Hello ? Is that Mark 
How are you ? I haven't heard from you in ages 
I've been overseas , So have you been busy lately 
Pretty busy.So are you back for good 
Yes , I was just wondering when you'd have time to go fishing 
Well , I'm not working on the weekend , so we could grab some beer , ice and our fishing rods , and head out to the river 
That sounds good . I've missed you my friend 
Same here 
Do you know his sister 
Her name is Laura , isn't it 
That's right 
How old is she 
Um ... let me see now , is it 18 or 19 , I can never remember ... 18 ... 19 next birthday . Tthat's it 
What does she look like 
Well ..
Pretty , is she 
Yes ... quite pretty 
Besides salary what kind of allowance can I expect 
We have a kind of floating bonus on a yearly basis 
Can you elaborate it more concretely 
Yes . Floating bonus is the kind of bonus that is indeterminate in amount , such as quarterly bonus , bonus at the end of the year 
I have been feeling sick for three days 
I'm most upset to hear that.Are you better now 
Not much better.Thank you 
Good morning , miss 
Good morning , I'd like a haircut 
How would you like it 
Just a trim will do 
Did you meet the new girl in our sales department . She is taking the place of Maggie during her alternative leave 
Did they finally fill that post , how come I haven't seen her ? She must have not been inducted yet 
I guess not , They haven't officially introduced her to the whole staff yet , she barely started yesterday 
Is she just working temporarily ? What are they going to do when Maggie comes back from leave 
If the new girl is competent , maybe they will promote her when that time comes 
I need to get my prescription filled 
You may pick it up in twenty minutes 
If I wanted to , could I have it mailed to me 
Yes , and you can renew this prescription by phone 
Are there any special instructions about this medication 
Take it three times a day 
Can I take it with food 
You should take this medicine with food and no alcohol 
Are there any side effects with this medication 
You might get a little dizzy , but that is it 
What's your email address 
It's bulldog 123 
Bulldog 123 . Are you sure that's all 
Yes 
No . That's incomplete 
What do you mean 
What's your mailing address 
456 Cherry Drive , Pasadena , CA 91170 
That's correct 
So what's the problem 
Bulldog 123 is just the street . You have to give me the city , state , and ZIP code 
Oh , I get it . My email address is bluedog123@yahoo.com 
Excuse me , do the buses stop here 
Yes , they all stop at this corner 
I want to go to Broadway and 82nd Street.Can I take any bus that comes along 
You can take any bus except the Number 9 
How often do the buses run 
They run about every five minutes 
Fine.How long does it take to get to 82nd Street 
About fifteen minutes.It ' s not far.Are you a stranger in New York 
Yes , I am . I arrived only three days ago from Japan 
How do you like New York city 
I like it very much , but it's a little confusing to me 
You'll soon get accustomed to it.It ' s not difficult.Well , here's the bus.Fortunately , it's not full 
Thank you for the information 
Don't mention it 
This is a great meal 
Thank you . I am glad that everything turned out so well 
Who taught you how to cook this well 
I took a cooking class at the Culinary Institute 
Wow , what is in this chicken dish 
Isn't that great ? That is coconut ginger chicken with rice 
Is the soup a shrimp soup 
Yes , there is shrimp in there along with sea vegetables and lemon grass 
I think I got lucky in choosing a wine that blends with this meal 
I appreciate you bringing the wine . It goes well with the chicken 
She is , like , mega-intense , isn't she 
Ha , she is unstoppable . I'm learning so much from her 
What's it like to work with her 
She's demanding . But I like that . I mean , I know our timeline is tight 
Tell me about it 
You guys are working around the clock , I know . That guy Dave next to Zina never leaves 
Vince wants us to have everything debugged and ready to go by the end of the month 
I hear that you are in love with Mike 
You are kidding 
Don't you hit it off 
Although we have many things in common , we'are not soul mates 
I will travel to Southeast Asia this summer , so I need to exchange some US dollars . Can I get the foreign currency at any bank 
I don't think you can . In China , our currency is not freely convertible yet 
Do you mean there is no way to get any foreign money 
No . You can go to the Bank of China to exchange some US dollars at the current exchange rate of the day you exchange them . The maximum amount you can exchange is $ 2,000 
Only $ 2,000 ? Are there any other ways to get the money exchanged 
The only official way is to go to Bank of China 
I'd better take more dollars with me . It seems that I need to borrow some from my friends 
What can I do for you 
Well , I'd like some legal advice . Jane and I are thinking of incorporating . So Want to find out what sort of legal procedure one follows in forming a corporation 
You begin by applying for a corporate charter . And then stockholders hold a meeting to organize the corporation , an individual has limited liability and the right 
I know . I have an idea that we get together to discuss this next week 
OK 
I will give a call 
Can I help you 
Thank you , but I'm just looking around . How much does this skirt cost 
This is the new style.Two hundred and twenty-eight 
May I try it on 
Of course , please 
Can you give me a better deal 
Two hundred and ten yuan . It is the lowest price 
Well , I'll give one hundred and eighty yuan for it 
Well , two hundred yuan 
No , this is my final offer 
OK , I'll wrap it for you 
Tony looks very handsome in the suit 
He prefers suits to jackets 
Judge from his look , he's a very serious person 
As a matter of fact , he is 
I like watching comedies , like ' Boat ' . Do you like watching comedies too 
Not really , I like watching horror movies , like ' The Unborn . 
You like horror movies ? I don't like them because they're too scary ! I like comedies because I love to laugh 
I like horror movies because I like to be scared 
There's so much to do and so little time 
I know . Did your mom double check on the church reservations 
Yes . We're going to be married in my hometown church , the first minute of the new millennium 
OK ... and what about the buffet and the cake ? Did your mom call the caterer 
All set . And we're having a red bean cake and dim sum for the Taiwanese guests , just like your mom wanted 
Great . She'll be so happy 
have you finished going through the contract 
yes , but I have a few questions for you 
Ok . Ask away 
first , I ’ d like to know if you offer employees sick leave 
yes , employees can take up to 10 days of sick leave per year . However , in order to get paid , you ’ ll have to bring in a note from the doctor ’ s 
even if I ’ m only sick for one day 
that ’ s correct 
that ’ s pretty strict , if you ask me 
well , we ’ Ve had to add that to the contract because we found that many of our employees were taking almost one sick day a month , even though they weren ’ t sick 
I see . I guess that makes sense 
do you have any other questions 
yes . Maternity leave is mentioned in the contract , but there ’ s nothing in the contract alout paternity leave . Do you offer anything to fathers 
we do actually . We can add that as an amendment to your contract 
how many days of paternity leave do you offer 
men are allowed to take 10 days of paternity leave for their first child 
why are women allowed so much more time for maternity leave 
well , women are the ones giving birth . I think it ’ s fair to give them more time , don ’ t you 
I guess so . I don ’ t have any other questions . Should I sign here then 
yes , please 
John , if you don't mind , I'd like to ask you a personal question 
I don't mind at all 
All right . Are you married 
To tell you the truth , I'm not married . I'm still single 
Then , when do you plan to get married 
I don't know . It's still up in the air 
Do you have anything to declare 
Well , how many tax-free things can I bring with me 
You can take 100 cigarettes and 2 bottles of wine with you free of charge 
I think I have nothing to declare . I have just brought a bottle of wine 
Hello , can I help you 
Yes , please . I'd like to make a reservation from Hong Kong to Tampa with a stopover in Houston 
When to leave 
I would like to leave Hong Kong September the first and leave Houston for Tampa on September the 12th 
Ok . Can I have your name , please 
Lily Smith 
And your telephone number 
Hong Kong side 3854295 
OK . Right then 
Thank you 
You got a letter in the mail 
Give it to me 
What is it 
It ’ s from NYU 
What does it say 
I didn ’ t get accepted 
You can ’ t be serious 
I ’ m serious 
Are you all right 
NYU was my first choice 
I ’ m sorry that you didn ’ t get in 
I ’ ll just have to wait for UCLA 
I'm not comfortable about this , Sandy . I don't understand most of these games 
That's okay . I can explain a little 
I don't want to lose all my money 
Don't worry . You can't lose all your money.because you won't gamble all your money 
I guess you're right 
Of course I'm right . I already told you the rule for Las Vegas . Remember 
Yes , I remember.You must decide how much money you will gamble before you start to play 
That's right . That's the best way to have control over yourself.You say to yourself . Tonight I will gamble fifty dollars . Only fifty dollars . No more.If you follow the rule , you can't lose more than fifty dollars 
I know it's true , Sandy . But still some people lose control.They start to gamble , and they can't stop 
But I won't let you do that . I will watch you 
Okay 
So how much do you want to gamble 
Maybe 500 dollars 
500 dollars ! That's too much ! You just said you are afraid to lose your money.If you're afraid , why do you want to gamble 500 dollars 
I don't want people to think I'm stingy 
That is a bad attitude to have , Karen ! If you think that way , Las Vegas will be really dangerous for you 
What type of movies do you like 
I like all sorts of movies , primarily drama and science fiction 
That's an interesting combination . How about western movies 
Western and horror are the two types of movies I don't care for 
Why don't you like horror ? They're entertaining 
Some are entertaining , but I find most of them stupid and childish . For example , I don't understand why a person always goes into the house alone when something is suspicious 
Ha ha . I know what you mean . But it's just a movie . They need for the characters to do that 
How long will you stay in New York 
Just tor three days . I won't need these luggages.CouId I put them here 
I am sorry . If you have here more than 24 hours between connecting flights , we can't check your luggage through London 
Well , maybe I can put them in the airport storage there 
That's right . It's over there 
Is Bob home 
Hold on
The winter in Ottawa is freezing 
From mid-November , snow started to pile up in Ottawa 
I think I will be adapted to it 
Although the weather here is very cold , the people are warm 
Yes , that's the reason why I remain here 
The kitchen stinks 
I'll throw out the garbage 
Can we sit on the grass , darling 
No , you can't , darling . The grass is wet 
Look , darling ! I can see a bench near that tree 
No , you can't . The bench is wet , too 
It's not raining , darling . The bench isn't wet 
Can't you see a notice on the bench 
Yes , I can 
What does the notice say 
It says ' Wet paint ! 
The Canada Day is on the 1st of July 
What is its national anthem 
The national anthem of Canada is ' O Canada ' 
Can you sing the song 
Yes , I could sing it when I was very young 
So will you come to work with us 
Can I use my green pad again to write you admiring notes 
We'll have to negotiate that . It's a possibility 
You miss me , don't you 
Don't push your luck , Dave 
OK , I'm in . When do I start 
As soon as you can get here . We'll be waiting for you 
I think it's high time we had lunch 
Of course . I can eat a horse now 
I am sorry for that . I was so attracted by the beautiful scenery 
Where shall we go now ? A Chinese restaurant or a local one 
I suppose the local one 
Thank you all for coming to our monthly staff correlation meeting . Today we have a lot of new things to introduce to you all , there will be a lot of changes in company policy to accommodate better employee welfare 
Employee welfare ? What all does that include 
In the past , our welfare program has consisted of benefits packages only , meaning partial health insurance coverage and retirement plan . But we hope to boost morale by increasing incentives and adding additional welfare considerations 
What kind of considerations are we talking about 
It is proposed that from now on , employees will be given 10 paid sick days , in addition to their 2 week vacation periods . They will also be encouraged to maintain proper physical health with a company sponsored aerobics class on Friday nights . We have also consulted with the human resource department and have hired a new liaison between management and employees . Let ’ s all welcome Ms . Michelle Cain to our team as our company ’ s ombudsman 
Our company now has n ombudsman 
Yes , that ’ s right . From now on , whenever you have a question or concern regarding anything that happens during the work day , Ms . Cain will be your advocate . If you believe there is anything inappropriate or unfair in the management practices , the ombudsman will be the first person you seek . Her job is to have your best interest at heart 
I was wondering if you could go over the services available at EDD to help me get a job 
The best opportunity is called callous , which is an Internet-based job placement service that you can make use of 
Do I have to have a computer at home 
There are computers at our EDD offices for you to use in your job search 
Do you have any other services available 
We have information available about the job market as well as workshops 
What kinds of workshops are available at the EDD 
We have workshops in Resume Writing and Interviewing , to name a few 
Are there other places , outside of EDD , that I may look for work 
College job placement services can help 
Hello , is Marie Ward there , please 
I'll see if she is in 
Ok 
I'm afraid she's out 
Can you give her a message , please 
Yes , of course 
Please tell her to give Colin a call when she gets back . She has my number 
Sure 
Thank you for your help 
It's my pleasure 
I'd be a basket case if you think of me that way . I need your understanding 
I know , I know . But you always bat around without doing things useful 
Can ’ t you be more considerate ? I need your encouragement 
All right . Do what you can do now instead of twiddling your thumbs 
Excuse me . Do you have this in blue 
Yes , we do . That one comes in green blue and red 
And sorry . I can't find the price . How much is it 
Oh , that's 39 dollars and 95 cents . It's on the sale at the moment 
OK . Do you have it in extra small 
I'll just go and check for you 
Where are you from 
I'm from Guangzhou 
Where in China is Guangzhou 
It's in the South of China 
Do you know that working overtime in some companies is a regular thing 
How regular 
An average ten hours or more a day according to a survey , the worst thing is that the employees get no pay for that 
You are kidding me ? It is against the labor law . They should be aware of their rights 
But these people say nothing about that . They are worried about losing their job because there is surplus in labor force these days 
That ’ s not right , somebody should do something 
Excuse me , miss . Can I have my dinner please ? I am so hungry 
Sorry , sir . Dinners are available 20 minutes , drinks are served throughout the flight 
Then please give me a cup of coffee 
Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school 
No , I was way too busy studying all the time . How about you 
Yeah , I worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant 
What was that like 
It was always very busy there 
What did you do 
I stood behind the register and took pizza orders 
Did you get any perks on the job 
Yeah , I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free 
How do you like this dress 
It's nice . But what kind of dress are you looking for 
Something attractive and dressy . Maybe a little sexy too . New Year's Eve is a special occasion and it only happens once a year , right 
Of course . It's common too that we wear something special for our Chinese New Year 
People here always wear the best clothes they have . Many people go out and buy clothes especially for New Year's Eve 
Any other common customs of your New Year 
Before the New Year , we always send greeting cards to our relatives and friends to wish them a happy year . On the street and in stores people usually greet others with a ' Happy New Year ' . It's also common for people to make a New Year's resolution 
What's that 
It's when people quit a bad habit or do something they find hard to do . Many people resolve to quit smoking , lose weight , or stop nagging their wife , etc . However , it usually lasts only for a few days 
By the way , where are you going on New Year's Eve 
We're going to a night club for dinner and dancing , then we'll go down to the city square for the big celebration . There's always a fireworks display put on by the local government . We all want you to come too 
Thanks a lot 
What courses did you major in 
I took more than 10 subjects including Theoretical Economics , Political Economics , Western Economics , Statistics and so on . In addition to the courses of my major , I took minor courses too 
What courses did you minor in 
I took computer science and English courses as my minor subjects 
How may I help you 
I would like to return this book 
Is that all you need 
I also want to check out this video 
Is that all you would like to check out 
That ’ s all I need 
Do you have your library card 
Here it is 
Make sure to take proper care of this video 
That won ’ t be a problem 
If you damage the video , you will be fined 
I won ’ t damage it 
What are you going to take 
Roast pork chops with a bottle of red wine , please . Is soup served here 
Of course . What kind of soup do you like ? Clear or thick 
Clear soup . I think tomato soup is fine 
Good morning , John . Have you finished reading the novel by Dickens borrowed from the library 
No . I caught a cold two days ago . I only finish reading half of it 
I'm sorry to hear that . How are you feeling now 
I'm feeling better today 
How many days do you plan to finish reading it 
About more three days , I think 
OK . After three days , I will come to you for it 
No problem 
Do you know much about computers 
Not a great deal 
I've just been reading an article about them . They'll be used for all sorts of things now 
For accounting system and things like that , you mean 
Yes , but they are used for other things , too . Do you remember when we went to buy a ticket for the flight to Paris 
Yes 
The man asked where we want to go , then he type out the information on the form and waited for a reply . A few moment later , he gave us two tickets 
Of course , his machine must have been connected to a computer 
That's right 
I need to eat something 
You just ate 
I know , but I'm hungry again 
There's no food left from dinner 
I think I'm going to go make myself a snack 
Do you know what kind of snack that you want 
I'm not exactly sure 
Why don't you make yourself a sandwich or something 
I have no idea what kind of sandwich I want to make 
A PB & J is pretty easy to make 
I'm going to do that 
Knock yourself out 
This place serves good breakfasts , don't you think 
Yes . But I'm not used to eating American-style breakfast 
What are you planning to do today 
I saw yesterday that they rent windsurfers at the beach . I want to rent one 
Have you done windsurfing before 
No , but it looks fun . I always wanted to try it 
Can you take a little advice from a friend 
Sure . What 
Don't waste your money . Windsurfing is very hard . And it will be windy today.They will charge you fifty dollars for a half-hour , and you won't be able to windsurf.You will fall and fall and fall 
But I always wanted to try it 
Yes , but it takes a long time to learn.You would spend a thousand dollars to learn it on a rental windsurfer 
Well , I will see . How was your day at the office 
I have learnt how to ride a bicycle . I plan to go to the Water Park by bike this weekend 
Well , you know , the traffic in Beijing is sometimes dangerous . Therefore , I have to remind you of something . First , you should obey the traffic rules , don't break in the red light . Second , don't play a joke with your friends when riding on the bike . Third , do not hurry up when riding , or would make an accident . Finally , remember come on the left and go on the right 
Oh , my dear sister , I am no longer a baby 
I'd like to buy some postcards of Beijing 
How about this set 
Looks nice . Okay , I'll take it 
How is everything going with your girlfriend 
Didn ’ t I tell you ? It ’ s over 
Oh , I am sorry to hear that . I did ’ t know that you had split up . What happened 
It was a few things . The first thing that happened was that we were supposed to go out for a romantic dinner for our one year anniversary , but she stood me up 
Really ! Did she tell you why she didn ’ t show up 
No , but I ended up finding out later that night when I saw her with another man at a club near my home 
What was she thinking ? Did you confront her about it when you saw her 
I wanted to , but I knew that if I spoke to her , I'd just blow up at her , so I decided to just go home . I called her later that night , but she didn't answer the phone 
I can ’ t believe she would do that to you . It ’ s so dishonest---and rude 
I know . I still haven ’ t heard from her . The good thing is that I ’ m so angry with her that I don ’ t feel sad about not having her around 
I bet you she regrets what she ’ s done . You were such a good catch ! She really lost out , didn ’ t she 
I guess so . It would be nice to know why she did this though 
I know . It ’ s always nice to have some closure , but I don ’ t think you ’ ll have a problem finding another girlfriend 
Hi , Lilly , it ’ s so nice to see you again 
Hum , me too . This winter holiday was especially long . What have you done 
Nothing special . I had a get-together with some schoolmates at the high school , visited the Internet and read a couple of books which I had been longing for . How about yours 
You know , I like traveling . I made good use of this long vacation and enjoyed myself 
What can I do for you 
I want to get my car washed 
Would you like regular car wash package 
I don't know what you mean 
Well , we will wash the exterior form top to bottom . We use a special shampoo , which gives the body that extra shine 
Do you wash windows 
Of course . We wash the windows inside and out 
What about the interior 
We use a vacuum cleaner that removes all the dirt , and we throw away all of the trash that we can find 
Sounds good , regular car wash package will be OK 
OK . I see 
Do you have deviled crabs 
Yes , sir . It's the specialty of our restaurant 
I want an order of that . By the way , I want it hot . I like chili 
OK , sir . Don't you want to have some drinks 
Bring me a bottle of beer 
Oh ! ! ! I have a horrible toothache 
You should go to the dentist 
I hate dentists 
Well , suffer then . If you have a toothache , you have to go to the dentist 
It always hurts . I hate going 
Stop being such a baby . If it really hurts that much , just let them knock you out 
O . K . , O . K . , I ’ ll go 
Good . You'll feel better after you do 
When do we get off the bus 
I think we have a while longer 
I feel like we've been on this bus forever 
That's true 
Are you sure we weren't supposed to get off already 
I don't know 
I thought you knew where we get off at 
I wasn't really paying attention . I think we missed our stop 
Seriously 
Yeah , we definitely missed our stop 
That's the last time I get on a bus with you 
My bad.sorry 
Hey Nick , what are you up to 
Not much , just heading over to the shooting range . You wanna come 
Seriously ? You mean to fire a real weapon ? I don ’ t know man 
Yeah , it will be fun ! I have a 9mm pistol that is really easy to shoot . I also have a revolver that ’ s really fun too ! They have big targets at the range that we could use to practice and improve you
Yeah that would be cool ! Maybe I can also have a try at other weapons like a machine gun or a shotgun ! Maybe even a rocket launcher or an anti tank missile ! Or what about a flame thrower 
Whoa , take it easy there Rambo . Don ’ t get carried away . These weapons are not toys , and you must first learn how to handle them properly . There are basic rules that you must abide by in order to be
Wow , I didn ’ t know ! It always looks so cool and easy in the movies 
The reality is different you know , running and firing a weapon is a lot harder than in the movies ! So are you ready 
Let ’ s do it 
What ’ s your city like 
It ’ s quite an interesting place to live . The best thing to do in my city is go shopping . There are several indoor and outdoor markets , department stores and shopping malls 
Is the traffic bad in the city centre 
Not really . Cars are not permitted in several parts of city centre , especially in the main shopping areas . The public transport system is pretty good 
What about restaurants and entertainment 
There are restaurants with food from all over the world . We have a small china-town near the city centre . There are many Indian , thai , and Italian restaurants all over the city centre . There are many s
Is there a lot of nightlife in your city 
There are several good clubs near the city centre . Many people in my city prefer something more cultural , so we several theatres and venues for classical music concerts and operas 
It sounds like a really exciting city to live in 
It is . I hope you ’ ll have time to come for a visit soon . You really should come during the summer , when the weather is better and there ’ s more happening outdoors 
Where's the toilet 
Over there 
How are the children doing at sport 
I ’ m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ’ s very fast for a kid his age 
He ’ s not very good at the long jump though , is he 
He ’ s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ’ s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ’ s fine for someone hi
Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running 
The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes 
How are they at swimming 
They ’ re ok . I ask them to swim 500 meters each day . That ’ s 20 lengths of the swimming pool . They ’ re not very fast , but that ’ s ok . I just want them to build their strength up and keep in shape 
Kate is very good at diving from a height of 10 meters 
I ’ d be afraid to jump from that height 
I think that these kinds haven ’ t learnt to be afraid yet . She started diving from a lower height , but she soon wanted to go higher 
It seems that they really enjoy to go faster , higher and further 
Where do you live , Kim 
I live in an apartment downtown 
Oh , that's convenient , but ... how much crime is there 
Not much . But there is a lot of traffic . I can't stand the noise sometimes ! Where do you live 
. I have a house in the suburbs 
Oh , I bet it's really quiet . But is there much to do there 
No , not much . In fact , nothing ever really happens . That's the trouble 
Hey . Let's trade places one weekend 
OK . Great idea 
Have you received any degrees 
Yes . In 1996 I received my Bachelor of Science degree from Hebes University , and in 2001 I received my MBA degree from Peking University 
How about your academic records at college 
In fact my records were excellent . My overall GPA was 9 on a 10 scale , which was the highest in my class 
That's very impressive . Which course did you like best 
English . It was both interesting and useful , so I showed a great interest in it 
Can you tell me why you changed your major when you were a graduate student 
Because I am very interested in administration and I did take some courses in it . I also performed well in the subjects . Hence I believe that I can do a good job in this position 
Did you get any honors and awards at college 
Yes . I was awarded a scholarship from the university every year . In 1995 I participated in the National Contest of Maths Models and I won the prize 
You ’ re going to set up your own law office , aren ’ t you 
Yes . After so many years of hard work , I ’ d rather I had an office of my own 
If you need help , don ’ t hesitate to ask me 
I ’ ll be very glad if you would help 
I ’ d like to wish you every success in your new venture 
Thank you . I wish I would 
Good luck to you 
Are you done 
Yes 
Let me see . Everything looks fine . We ’ ll be taking applications for this position through Friday . We ’ ll start calling for interviews sometime next week 
So can I expect to hear from you to set up an appointment for an interview sometime next week 
That ’ s right 
Thank you very much . Bye-bye 
Bye now 
There ’ re traffic jams everywhere 
I think something must be done 
Yeah . We should have more roads built 
I agree with you . Only in this way can we ease the traffic problems 
Do you know that Mary ’ s marriage is on the rocks 
Really ? I ’ Ve never heard of it 
I saw her husband have it out with her yesterday 
I think Mary must be sad , because she loves her husband very much 
it ’ s such a nice day outside . Let ’ s take a walk into town and do some window-shopping 
you know I hate shopping more than anything else in this world 
I know . But we could get some exercise in , and we could get some errands run , too . Window-shopping won ’ t cost you anything 
what kind of errands do we need to run 
well , we could go to the newsagent ’ s to pick up the Sunday paper , go to the butcher ’ s to pick up a chicken for a roast dinner , and to the chemist ’ s to pick up your prescription from the doctor 
I ’ ll only go if we can stop at the office-license to pick up something to drink for tonight 
fine , we ’ ll do that on the way home , so we don ’ t have to carry it the whole time 
sounds good . You have to promise not go into any of the stores in the mall though . I know how you like to try things on in the fitting rooms , especially if the stores have special offers 
I promise . We ’ re only going for a walk to get some exercise and to get some things done that we haven ’ t had time for 
ok , let ’ s go then 
do you have any money 
for what 
for our errands , and maybe a little extra for something from a vendor on the street 
you said you were only going to window shop 
I agreed to not go into the mall , but I can still look at things in the market 
I should have known ..
Fred , have you made the plan for April 28th 
Yes , sir . Shall I explain the details of the plan now 
You go 
According to your schedule , you will visit the Times Company , including its office building , workshops and stores , in the morning from 8: 30 to 11
Is there anything after the meeting ? In that case , would you add one plan ? I want to visit our guest Mr . Ross after the meeting . Can you arrange it for me 
Is it all right for me to come in now . Mr . Sutcliffe 
Well ... I'm pretty busy . but ... all right . come in . What can I do for you 
Do you mind if I sit down 
Not at all . Take a seat . Now , what can I do for you 
I want to leave the department . Do you think I could put in for a transfer 
Yes , but why should you want to do that 
Do you mind if I speak frankly 
Not at all . Go ahead 
Well , you see . I don't like the office . I don't like the staff and I'm afraid you and I don't get on . So may I put in for a transfer 
Yes . I'd delighted if you did 
I miss grandma . I dreamed about her yesterday 
Dear , let ’ s drop the subject 
We're thinking of ordering fifty refrigerators . But , there's one problem 
What's that ? I thought our negotiation went very well 
The only problem is the price . It's not possible for us to make any sales at this price 
$ 1500 is almost the lowest price we can offer 
I'm afraid I can't agree with you there . Your price is much higher than other companies 
You get what you pay for , considering the high quality , our price is very reasonable 
I don't deny that the refrigerator is of top quality . If you could go a little lower , we'll place the order right away 
Sorry , I can't give you an immediate answer for this problem , let me talk to our general manager first 
All right , we'll wait for your answer 
Good day ! What can we do for you 
I'm considering buying a new car , the old one hasn't been running too well recently , and was wondering what kind of credit you can offer me 
Buying a new car is a big expense ; we understand that , so we have a variety of loans to suit your needs 
That's great . I'm looking to borrow quite a large sum , though 
With our Personal Automobile Consumer Loan , the borrower can borrow up to 80 % of the purchase price 
That's good news . The car I'm interested in is priced at 120,000 RIB , but I think I can get a bit of discount on that . I can afford to put up around 40,000 RIB myself 
That's great . You will need to make an initial down payment of 20 % , and then we can get going with this 
The funds are all ready to go in my personal account , so let's transfer it 
They promised us a sea view 
Well , you can just see the sea . Between the factory chimneys 
Isn't it awful ? I can't bear to look at it . I don't think I can stand this place for two weeks 
Well , it can't be helped . We'll just have to put up with it 
Hello Mike ! Would you like a drink 
No , thank you . I had too much to drink yesterday evening . I had a bad hangover this morning . My head felt terrible 
Were you celebrating something 
Yes . It was a friend ’ s birthday party . We drank all kinds of things-beer , wine and spirits . After midnight , we were even drinking cocktails 
It ’ s a bad idea to drink a combination of alcoholic drinks . You should stick with one for the whole evening 
I know , but it was a celebration , you Kwon ? I don ’ t think I ’ Ve see you drunk 
I usually only drink beer and I rarely drink more than a few pints 
You are a sensible drinker . Anyway , I ’ m not going to drink any alcohol this evening . I don ’ t ’ want another bad hangover 
Let me buy you a soft drink then . How about a coke 
Yeah . That ’ s a good idea . I heard that coke was first used as a medicine 
Rally ? ... barman ! ... a large coke with ice and lemon , please ... thanks . Here ’ s the money 
Are you going to the wine tasting tomorrow 
Yes . I thought it might be interesting to learn a little about wine ..
... and taste a few ! There will be wines from several countries and an expert to give advice on which wines are good and which ones are not 
Yes . I ’ m looking forward to it 
How are Zina's new programmers working out 
I hate to admit it , but they're good . And fast . The Filipino kid is a genius 
So you'll make the Stars.com deadline , and have us up and running next week 
It'll be close , but we'll make it 
Good . After Stars.com starts paying us , we won't need Vikam's cash anymore 
And if we don't need them , we won't need Zina , either 
How do I get to the post office from school 
Turn right outside the school ; go along until you come to the main road ; turn left ; go straight ahead , straight on at the roundabout , down the hill , and turn left at the bottom 
OK , I see . Thank you very much 
You are welcome . Hope you can find it soon 
Devi , do you have any preference for where you would like to go for dinner for your birthday 
I don't really know where I want to go . I am having trouble thinking of a particular restaurant 
There is a great restaurant directory here in the weekend section of the newspaper 
OK , we could look at that 
Do you have a particular type of food that you would like 
I really like Japanese or Thai food 
That Japanese restaurant , Shogun , got good reviews 
Oh yeah ! I saw a review of that restaurant on television . The reviewer loved it 
Would that be a place that you might like to go to for your birthday 
That would work out great ! Why don't we call and get a reservation 
Are you ready to order now , sir 
Yes , I'll have a steak , please 
How would you like the steak , rare , medium , or well-done 
Rare , please 
Would you like something to drink 
Coffee , please 
My dear , what's for supper 
Red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms 
What about soup 
Sour-peppery soup 
Which condiment do you use for 
I'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar 
Very good , need I help you 
No , don't need , I can do myself 
Thanks . I can watch TV now 
But you must cook that dinner next time 
Okay , I'll do it next time 
Sorry , I have to rush off and catch the 9 o'clock train to Paris 
Then you must hurry up.There ' s only ten minutes left 
Until we meet again 
Let's go to the cinema tonight , shall we 
Good idea . Is there a good movie on 
What about ' Farewell My Concubine ' ? I've been wanting to see it for a long time 
All right . But it'll be difficult to buy tickets I suppose 
My brother has offered me two tickets for this evening 
What time does it begin 
At eight thirty 
I'll come for you at about eight 
OK , I'll be waiting 
Hey , David . Would you like some drinks 
OK . Shall we go to a bar 
Good idea . I like hanging out in bars at night 
Why 
For killing time and making new friends 
Don't you think it ’ s too noisy here ? The rock music ! I can hardly bear it 
Calm down ! My little guy ! You'll get used to that after you come here several times 
Well , I'll try . Then what would you like to drink ? It's on me 
I'd like a gin and tonic 
What can I do for you 
I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend 
We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for 
My son . He is two years old 
I see , sir . This one is very good 
Is it 
You may rest assured . It sells well 
May I have a look at the introduction 
Certainly . Here it is 
How much is this shirt 
80 yuan 
It's rather expensive , isn't it 
It's a bit . But I can give you a discount 
How about 50 yuan 
No . I'm afraid the price is too low 
Then let's split the difference and I'll give you 60 yuan , OK 
I'm sorry , but I think you should give me no less than 65 yuan 
All right 
It was really hard for our parents to save money when they were young 
Most people were living form hand to mouth . How could they 
Yeah . They simply had no extra money to save up or for other things 
Fortunately , things are changing these years 
Good morning , I would like to reserve a berth 
Which train do you like 
T112 to Washington please 
May I have your name 
That's Lincoln 
How will you ship the order 
Air freight is the quickest and safest way , I think 
But the freight cost will be higher and that will affect the retail price 
can I get you something to drink 
sure , but I don't drink much . So I don't know what to order 
so how about an aperitif 
it sounds good . I'd like to start with a Compare 
stirred or shaken 
stirred will be fine 
here you are 
thanks . Does the bar have a signature drink 
sure . All of our mixed drinks are excellent . You can also try a delicious non-alcoholic cocktail 
can you recommend one 
try a Singer . It has lime juice and grenadine over ice 
it sounds interesting . I'll take one 
here we go 
it tastes great 
enjoy yourself 
yeah 
Hi ! Dear ! I'm waiting for you 
I know that 
You know , although we've chatted twice , I've been thinking of you already 
Me too . I want to know more about you , eg , what's your real name and what do you look like ..
& you 
Look , I am playing the piano for you 
Oh , thanks . I wanna see the real you 
Sorry , I have no photo in my computer . And I have no scanner . I will show you later 
OK ! Before that I'll take this one as you 
Ha ! She is too little 
Cute , like you 
I want to tell you that I like you
Me too . Send you a kiss ..
Thx 
Are you ready to order now , Sir 
May I have the menu , please 
Yes , here you go 
I'd like to have some local specialties . Would you recommend for me , please 
Sure , the Huanghe carp with sugar and vinegar is famous in our restaurant 
OK . We'll take it 
Anything else 
A fried crisp chicken and an eggplant with chili sauce 
How about drink 
Coffee , only black coffee 
Good morning , Miss.Are there boat tickets to Miami on the first of September
Yes , there are . What cabin would you like 
I'd like the first-class cabin for two . What's the fare 
It is 150 dollars each 
How long is the boat time-table effective 
The boat time-table is effective from the first of August till the first of November
I want to know what port does our ship stop at 
The ship will stop at New York 
How long will the trip take from here to New York 
It will take 5 days 
Thank you 
Do you have any plan to buy a house in this city 
Absolutely we need a house here . But what makes me upset is the prices in this city 
Our monthly salary can not buy one square meter of the house here 
It is depressing to hear the price goes higher and higher 
More and more people need to buy houses , but the market can not meet the needs , so this caused the bubble in real estate industry 
And the rich still wants to buy more , even though they have at least one house to live 
Have you watched the TV series , Humble Abode 
Yes , it displays some social problems and interprets the values of our white-collars 
I really , really want a house , even though it is small like a snail house 
Good morning , sir . Here is the hotel's sauna room . What can I do for you 
Yes . This is the first time I've come here . Could you please tell me something about it 
Sure Those who have heart disease or high blood pressure are not allowed to take sauna , for their sake 
Thank you for telling me about this . What should I do here 
First , change your shoes to slippers . Then walk up to the changing room to get prepared for a shower 
OK . How about after the shower 
After the shower , step into the washroom with birch switches , dip them in the warm water and briskly whisk them over your skin 
That sounds comfortable 
Yes , then enter the bathroom , There is a stove tired with wood in the room , and on the top of the stove , there is a pile of stones , which keep the heat . Throw some water on the stones , and dry steam is given off 
Scientists have found a second solar system in the universe 
What's the second solar system 
It's just a system like ours , with a star and a number of planets going around it 
Is this good news or bad news 
It's exciting news ! If we find a second solar system , we might find a second earth 
You mean with people on it 
Yes ! Isn't that exciting 
You've heard of Bruce Jenner , haven't you 
He won the decathlon in the 1976 Olympics , right 
I read that he trained so much that he used to dream about jumping hurdles 
I can think of better things to dream about ..
Sometimes he would wake up covered in sweat , with his legs pumping away 
That's crazy 
He has a girlfriend already 
You are kidding ! He just broke up with Ann 
Her new girlfriend is a far cry from Ann . She is like a breath of fresh air 
I hope I will meet her soon 
What was the last movie you saw 
A Korean film called Friends , starring Sang Dong-gun 
Really ? I've seen that movie , too 
How did you like the movie 
I thought it was pretty good 
Really ? I can't say I agree 
You're kidding . The story and acting were outstanding 
I guess I expected too much from the movie , so I was a bit disappointed 
I guess it could happen 
A friend of mine is now in the big house . He was caught red-handed for selling cocaine 
That is a deadly risky business . He should have it coming on him 
He must be regretting about having done the business 
I bet he is . He domed his own life 
How long have you been living in New York 
Oh , about two years now 
Where do your parents live 
They still live in Shanghai where I was born 
Do you write or call them very much 
Yes , I try to keep in touch with them 
Hello , I was wondering if I could talk with the apartment manager 
I am the apartment manager . How can I help you 
I was wondering if the apartment on Main Street is still available 
Yes , it's still vacant . Are you interested in seeing it 
Yes , I would love to see the apartment 
I will be at the apartment today at 6
Yes , I can be there at 6 
Great . I'll see you at 6 . Do you know where it is 
Yes , I have a friend who lives in that neighborhood 
I'll be bringing an application form 
OK , should I bring anything with me 
No . I might need to see your ID card , but that's about it 
Jack , do say good-bye for me to the host . I've got to run 
Why are you in such a hurry 
My old man does not allow me to go back later than 11 p . m . Bye 
Bye 
Hi , Steven . You have finished a wonderful project recently 
Oh , yeah , A . Thank you for approving my job 
Don't be proud . You'll gain a lot in the following job 
Yeah , I believe it , but I want to know if you will give me a raise 
B , talking about salary is not smart . You are a new manager and you'd better learn more professional skills 
You are right , boss , but I need specific confirm to keep the future work better 
Okay , You are such a good talker 
To get around your difficulty , Mr Smith . I'd suggest that you reduce your order by half . You can send in an additional order later 
Well , I'll consider the possibility . By the way , when do I have to open the L / C if I want the goods to be delivered in June 
A month before the time you want the goods to be delivered 
Could you possibly effect shipment more promptly 
Getting the goods ready , making out the documents and booking the shipping space , all this takes time you know . You cannot expect us to make delivery in less than a month 
Very well , Mr Zhang . I'll not reduce my order . I'll take the full quantity you offer . And I'll arrange for the L / C to be opened in your favor as soon as I get home 
When will that be 
Early next month . In the meantime , I should be very pleased if you would get everything ready . I hope that the goods can be dispatched promptly after you get my L / CB
You can rest assured of that 
Do you play cards 
Of course and very well 
What's the English for Hongtao , Leitao , Meihua and Fangpian 
Oh , very easy . They are heart , spade , club and diamond 
I would like to pick a time to look at houses with you 
Would mornings or afternoons be best for you 
It is easier for me to take off work in the afternoon 
It is best if we can go during the week ; does that work for you 
Because of work , I can only go look at houses on the weekend 
Would you like to meet at the real estate office , or should I pick you up at home 
If you could pick me up at home , that would be great 
We could spend most of the day looking at houses to see all that we have to see 
That might be a little too much , but we ’ ll see how it goes 
I will fax you a schedule as soon as I contact the owners to confirm the times 
You look pale , you must have poor health 
Yeah . You said it 
Why not go to see the doctor 
I ’ Ve done that . The doctor advised me to cut out smoking and drinking 
Well , to come straight to the point , could you tell us something about your new price 
Most willingly . It's 600 dollars per ton 
That's a high price 
But you know , the price of this article has soared up since last year 
I know . But I must say it's still unacceptable . Couldn't you make a discount for me ? You see , we have such a long-term cooperation . And our business could be mutually beneficial 
OK . I can make a special offer for you . This price is based on careful calculations . And it is the lowest price we can offer to you 
I came here to get a chest X-ray 
I will need you to take your clothes off from the waist up and put on the gown , leaving the opening in the back 
What comes next 
I will need you to face this glass plate right over here 
Should I do anything else 
Your arms need to be raised to shoulder height 
Is this OK 
So far , so good 
How come you are walking away 
I am not leaving . I just need you to take a really deep breath , hold it , and then let it out 
Will I be finished then 
You will be able to put your clothes on as soon as I have checked the film 
Good morning , this is Mary 
Good morning , this is Jane . This is Apple Co . Ltd 
Hello , Jane ! Is that the Human Resource Department 
Yes , this is . May I help you 
I had an interview with your company two weeks ago . I am calling to ask about the interview result . I hope you can give me a positive reply 
Oh , the results have come out , and I can tell you ... Yes , I find your name . You are hired . Congratulations 
Thank you ! I am glad to hear that . When would it be convenient for me to start working 
Next Monday morning 
What is the starting salary for me 
Your starting salary is 2500 yuan a month , and after you become a permanent employee , it will be higher 
I appreciate the offer . I will come on time next Monday . See you then 
See you 
Could you tell me the right time , please 
Well . My watch says five past two . But it ’ s no use rely on it because it has been gaining and losing these last a few days 
You have to go and fix it 
Yes . I will 
Excuse me . Can you direct me to the toy department , please 
It's on the 7th floor . As you get off the elevator , you'll see it on your left 
Can you direct me to the elevator 
Sure . Go straight ahead and you'll walk into it 
Thank you 
You're welcome 
So how was your interview 
I haven't gone to the interview yet . It's tomorrow . I am so nervous 
Don't worry . You should do fine . You have the experience 
I hope so 
Remember , they want someone who works well with people . You've got to show them how easy-going and personable you are 
Thanks , I'll keep that in mind 
I'll be late because I have waited so long 
Don't worry.The bus will arrive soon 
I'd better take a taxi 
That's no use.This is morning rush hour 
What a police officer 
I ’ Ve never seem such a scene either except in films 
It ’ s really unimaginable . The police officer screamed at the driver and used bad language , but the driver took it on the chin 
Good evening , sir . What can I do for you 
Bourbon , please 
How would you like your Bourbon , straight or on the rock 
With iced water , please 
Here you are , sir . Bourbon with iced water 
Thank you . Now how much do I owe you 
The bourbon is 15 dollars plus 10 % service charge . So the total is 16.5 dollars 
That is OK . Here is 20 dollars and you can keep the change 
Thanks a lot 
Ashley , what a great dinner party 
Thank you , Joe . What would you like to drink with your meal ? I can offer you wine , mango juice , or water 
Just water would be fine 
Excellent choice . Can I dish you up some chicken 
Yes , the chicken looks wonderful 
How about some salad to go with your chicken 
Sure , I love salad 
Would you like to have rice with your chicken 
Yes , I think that rice will go perfectly with my chicken 
Good ! Julie , if you could pass this plate down to Joe , I think we are all set 
I'm in heaven ! A Whirlpool dryer 
I love them , too . Let's move into the kitchen . Wait until you see the refrigerator 
This is too good to be true 
And the stove is brand new . You know how to use a gas stove , right 
Yes . We've lived in Taiwan for a while . I had a gas stove in the States , too 
It's better for cooking Chinese food . Well , what do you think 
We love it . But we'd like to know about the neighbors 
Do you have any questions 
Yes , do I have to work a whole year before I can take a vacation 
Yes , after you ’ Ve been here a year , you qualify for a three-day vacation
Only three days 
That's the company policy 
What happens if I use up my sick days before the end of the year ? If I ’ m sick an extra day or two , will my pay be deducted 
Yes . That's the company policy 
It was the same as the last place I worked at . I was hoping you ’ d be different 
Do you have change for a hundred 
Sure 
Mom , can we get cable TV or a satellite dish 
It costs money , dear . What ’ s wrong with the regular television stations 
The shows are dull and they ’ re too many advertisements 
Well , you already watch too much TV instead of doing your homework , anyway 
There ’ re educational stations too . I could learn while I watched TV 
Well , that ’ s true , but you ’ d probably only watch cartoons and action movies 
No I wouldn ’ t ... can ’ t we get cable ? Everybody has cable 
Well , if everybody jumped off a bridge , would you jump too 
Mom ! ! ! Please . All my friends have had it for years 
Get new friends 
Why are you always so mean 
Because you ’ d end up spoiled rotten if I wasn ’ t 
I could help pay for it 
Let ’ s see how your grades are this semester , and maybe I ’ ll talk to your father about it 
O . K . Thanks , Mom 
Is there a lot of crime in your city 
There ’ s some , but I don ’ t think it ’ s a big problem . A lot of it is petty crime , burglary and car theft . There ’ s very little major crime 
It ’ s the same in my city . We also have a lot of drug addicts . A lot of the crime is committed by drug addicts who need money for drugs 
That happens in many places . In my city , there is a very good drug rehabilitation programme . The police and courts are also tough on people who commit crimes , but I don ’ t know if that ’ s the reason for
Some people believe that a tough approach is better . Other prefer a more lenient approach 
I think that the best way to reduce crime is to spread wealth more evenly . If most people have similar amounts of money , they will not think of stealing from others 
That ’ s possible , but I ’ m not sure it would really happen like that 
Shall we share a taxi 
Where are you heading now 
I want to go back to my college on the Huanghe road.It is very close to your house 
Is that the university next to the Teachers ' College 
That's the one 
You mean we'll share the taxi 
Yeah.If we share the cab , it'll be cheaper.Besides that your Chinese is better than mine.The drivers usually have difficulty understanding me even though I practice my pronunciation carefully 
Well.Don ' t worry about it , I will be happy to share the taxi with you 
do you like playing games 
I like playing computer games , but I'm not really into board games 
how about individual games like the Rubik's cube or solitaire 
the Rubik's cube is so difficult to solve that I think it should be banned 
if I taught you how to do it , I'm sure you could solve it 
how did you figure out how to slove the Rubik's cube 
I didn't really have to figure it out . I just followed the instructions 
I had no idea there were a set of instructions . I thought everyone who could solve it were all geniuses 
hints are really important when you're solving puzzles . If you give me some hints about playing that PS2 game , I ’ ll show you how to solve the Rubik's cube 
it's a deal 
do you remember , years ago , when everybody at the New Year's party had yo-yos 
yeah . That was a strange party . Can you still do any of those yo-yo tricks 
I don't know . I haven't tried yo-yo since that party 
I could never figure out how to use my yo-yo 
if you don't start when you're young , it's hard to get the hang of it 
let's get started with this game then 
ok 
Let ’ s call it a day 
It ’ s nice to go home earlier once in a while . But now it ’ s the evening rush 
It ’ s hard to commute a long way 
Sure it is . I really hate to get caught in a traffic jam 
Good evening ! I don't believe we've met before . May I introduce myself ? My name is Jack 
It's a pleasure to meet you . My name is Lucy 
I'm very happy to meet you . You're from the United States , aren't you 
Yes , I'm from Salt Lake City 
I've been to Salt Lake City a few times . I really like your city 
I'm glad to hear that . I think it's the nicest city in the United States 
Here we are , Room 215 
It is very nice 
The telephone is by the end . Dial 0 for reception 
Can I order room service 
Yes , here's the menu . You can order from reception 
Good 
This is your mini bar . It contains alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks and also a few snacks . Anything you use will be added to your bill . The price list is by your bed 
OK.thanks 
Your bags will be here shortly 
I had a great time on the last date 
Me , too 
What will you up to this weekend 
Nothing 
would you like to go to skating ? I was thinking of going out to the - - Saturday . It's great up there . Would you like to go with me 
I'd love to , but I don't care for skating very much 
Ok , there is a bunch of going bowling on Sunday . Would you like to go 
I like bowling , but I prefer to be along with you 
Would you like to dancing tonight 
I don't feel like going out tonight , I am way too tired . I miss you , sweetheart 
I miss you too . Tell me where you like to do the next day 
How about the seaside 
Anything you say , honey 
Are you busy on the 24th 
24th ? I have time . But I can't wait that long , I'm dying to see you . Let's make another time 
Ok 
What is the most unexpected thing you experienced in space 
I wasn't quite prepared for the view of the Earth as we left . It was just awe-inspiring . It emerged from just a slightly curved horizon to a whole Earth , where you could look across oceans and continents in a single glance . I wasn't quite prepared for that . It's inevitably etched in my memory 
When viewing the Earth from space , do you feel detached from humanity or more a part of the totality of humankind 
Detached . You're literally detached from one planet , captured by another . Your only link to reality is the Earth out there ; fortunate - 1y , it stays in view the whole time 
There're a lot of suspicions that the International Space Station is never going to become reality . Is it going to be some future project that never happens 
I believe it's certainly for real . It without question has suffered a lot of delays . But there's hardware sitting on the pad right now and it's due to go off in December . It is a reality . It has just taken longer to get literally off the ground 
There were a lot of talks during the Bush administration about a not too distant future Mars mission . It seemed to fizzle out . Do you think that this Shuttle mission will reignite the public's passion for space and get us to Mars sooner 
I hope this flight is not just a one-time affair , that it does re-ignite people's interest to push on . But only time will tell 
You had gone to the moon twice , orbited space around the Earth lots of times , and of course you have had the most amazing views that a human being can have . How long do we ordinary beings have to wait to feel the weightlessness ? I just can't wait 
If I were the man making the decisions , you could get in line tomorrow . I strongly support ordinary people going into space . Unfortunately , I don't think it will be in the near future 
Excuse me . Would you please make a suit with this material 
Sure . May I take your measurements 
Please don't make it too tight . This is for autumn wear , so make sure you allow for a cardigan underneath 
I see , sir . Can you come back for a fitting on the 10th , that's in a week's time 
The 10th ? I'm sorry , but you see I'm going to attend an international conference on the 11th . Could you have the suit ready by the 8th , or at the latest , the 9th 
Well , a business suit usually takes ten days ' time . But in your case , we'll try to have it ready sooner . How about coming for your fitting on the 8th ? Then your suit will be ready for you on the 10th 
That's fine , thank you 
Do you know the highest mountain in the world 
Yes . It is Everest , also called Zhumulangma in China . It is 8,844 . 43 meters above the sea level 
Wow ! That must be really awesome to stand on the top of the mountain to overlook the earth 
Actually , it is impossible because the mountain is covered with snow all year around . And is has heavy fog for most of the time 
Have people set foot on its peak 
Yes , it has been conquered by many people in history 
Hey , Robert , that's a nice shirt you are wearing . Where did you get it 
thanks , I like it too . I bought it at the nearby department store 
that's nice . Do you know you can get one at the wholesale market near the zoo for a much lower price 
yeah , I know that . But at those places . the prices they ask you are ridiculously high , and if you don't bargain hard , you will get ripped-off 
true , learning how to haggle the price is one of the things people have to pick up when they come to China for the first time 
yeah , but personally , I hate bargaining . If I bargain , I might come to a lower price , but I will never know the true price of what I am buying ; and I always have the feeling that I am overcharged at th
yeah , I have the same feeling . Also there is another thing that bothers me the quality . Things in a department store are usually quality-guaranteed . But at a wholesale market , you never know whether w
that's why I like department stores more . Shopping at a wholesale market like the locals is one of the few things I am unable to grow accustomed to 
I understand . While it's always good to follow the local customs , I guess there are exceptions 
My name's McDonald 
Is that spelt M , A , C or M , C 
It's M , C , capital D 
How much is a ticket to Edinburgh 
Single or return 
A return ticket , please 
A return ticket is forty-six pounds fifty 
Excuse me . Have you got the time 
My watch says half past five 
Does your watch keep good time 
Oh yeah . It loses only a few seconds in the whole month 
Thanks a lot 
What's today's date 
It's July 5th 
When are you going on vacation 
I'm leaving on Sunday . We're going to Canada 
Really ? The day after tomorrow ? That's very soon 
Yeah I know 
How long are you going to stay there 
About 2 weeks 
When are you coming back 
I'm coming back on the 17th 
Alright . Have a nice trip 
Well , I've got a date . Now I need to find a restaurant . Can you help me 
No problem , of course ! How much would you like to spend to impress the lady 
Nothing but the best for a pretty woman 
Sir , the restaurant you seek is right here . This hotel has a three-star restaurant 
Well , I sort of suggested that we would go out on the town . Do you have another suggestion 
Gramercy Tavern is at least as good as our own hotel restaurant . Plus , they have live jazz 
Gramercy Tavern , eh ? I think I've heard of that before . Call to get us a table , okay 
Right away , sir . She will be impressed with your local knowledge 
I'm calling today about a bill that I never received 
Can you tell me which credit card it was for 
It was for my Master Card 
You should've gotten that bill two weeks ago 
I haven't got it in the mail yet 
The computer is showing that all bills have been mailed 
What am I supposed to do about my bill then 
Maybe you should call your post office 
But if it's their mistake , can I get an extension on my bill payment 
Yes , but you will need to send us proof of their mistake 
Okay , thank you very much for your help 
Not a problem . Enjoy the rest of your day 
Whatever we do , we should do it above board 
You are right . We shouldn't do anything under the table 
Well , since you agree with me , we should put the issue above board instead of talking about through other channels 
Hi , welcome to Hal's Computer World . Can I help you with anything 
Yes , I'd like to buy a new computer , but I don't really know much about them . Can you give me any suggestions 
No problem . First of all , do you want to get a home computer or a laptop 
Laptops are more expensive , right 
Yes , they generally cost a little more 
I'll just get a regular home computer then . I don't think I'll need to lug my computer around with me 
Sam , can we stop at this bicycle shop 
Do you want to buy a new bicycle 
Yes , and they have a sale on now 
What happened to your old one 
I left it at my parent's house , but I need one here as well 
I've been using Jim's old bike but he needs it back 
Let's go then 
Look at this mountain bike . It is only £ 330 . Do you like it 
I prefer something like this one - a touring bike , but it is more expensive 
How much is it 
The price on the tag says £ 565 but maybe you can get a discount 
OK , let's go and ask 
Good afternoon , would you mind if I sit here 
Of course not 
I ’ m Jack . What ’ s your name 
Laura 
Do you like this place 
I don ’ t think it ’ s very nice . And my father doesn ’ t like it . But my mother likes it very much . So we often come here 
How often 
Well , we come here almost every month 
Who ’ s that 
It ’ s my mother . She ’ s fond of swimming . And the man beside her is my father 
Do you like swimming 
No , I hate swimming . I prefer playing tennis 
Do you have any idea what time it is 
My bad . I didn't realize that it was so late 
Do you really think that that excuses your tardiness 
Of course not . I really did lose track of time 
Didn't I tell you to call when you're running late 
Yeah , you did . I just forgot to call 
It doesn't matter , you should have called and let me know 
That's true . My bad for not calling 
If you do this again , don't even bother coming home 
You're going to kick me out over this 
Exactly , maybe that'll teach you to respect my rules 
Well , if I'm not living here anymore , then I won't have to listen to your rules 
Have you heard of Paul 
No , what 
He's got a promotion 
You're kidding 
No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells 
Oh , I don't believe it . He is only being with the company for two years 
Well , it's true . The board man last thirdly and they choice Paul 
Well . Good for him 
Jack , could you check your calendar 
Sure , what's going on 
We're planning a weekend camping trip , and we want to know which weekend is best for everyone 
Let me see ... The weekend after next looks pretty good.Otherwise , I'm all booked up 
China is now a member of world trade organization . As a member of TO , China will have to make some changes in its economic policies so that it can follow the routines practiced by other TO members . Is it fair to China , do you think 
It's a hard question , but I'm sure the reexamination of China's economic policies in the past may lead us to a right answer to the question . After the establishment of new China , our government employed numerous economics policies to stimulate the growth of China's economy . These policies , however , favored our domestic enterprises and protected them from international competition and these policies have contributed a lot to the rapid growth of both China economy and our domestic enterprises . After China's entry into TO , Chinese domestic enterprises will have to compete with their foreign counterparts . This new situation entails some changes of Chinese economic policies . These changes will spur Chinese enterprises to strengthen their competitiveness in the long run 
We can infer that the non-discrimination principle is one of the most important principles of TO agreement . This principle requires equal treatment of domestic and foreign enterprise . Does the principle also apply to domestic enterprise of different ownerships 
Yes , it does . Domestic enterprises of different ownerships enjoy equal rights for the non-discrimination principle grants equal rights to enterprises , regardless of their nationality and ownership . I have found that although changes of China's economic policies are numerous , these changes are largely based on the most important economic principle ot TO agreement-non-discrimination principle . Such an understanding of principle of the changes may help us not only to have a good insight into the changes but also to foresee the tendency of the new changes of China's economic policies 
I'm trying to reach Robert please 
Robert is not available at the moment 
What time should I call back 
Around 3:30 
Our benefits usually include medical insurance , public accumulation fund and allowances 
What are the allowances 
If you go on a business trip , you will enjoy the allowance . It is 200 yuan per day 
Well , I see . And what about the vacation in our company 
As a new-comer , you usually have five days of annual vacation . And remember you have to fill out a request form , if you want to ask for leave 
Will our company have some recreational activities 
Of course . In spring and autumn , we will hold some sports actives . And in movie seasons , we bulk purchase film tickets 
You ’ re new here , right 
Yes , I am new 
Is this your first semester 
I just transferred from another school 
What school did you transfer from 
I came here from PCC 
Do you like it here so far 
I am really enjoying it here so far 
Which is better , here or PCC 
I think PCC is a lot better than here 
Why didn ’ t you just stay at PCC 
I graduated and now want to get a BA 
How may I help you 
A double cheeseburger sounds good 
Everything on it 
Yes , please 
Would you like fries with that 
I would love large curly fries 
Would you like anything to drink 
Yes , let me have a medium Pepsi 
Will that be all 
Yeah , that's it . Thank you 
Your total comes to $ 5.48 
Here you go . Thank you very much 
I have never you mention this friend . Are you on very good terms with him or her 
We have been on good terms . She is a very nice girl . But she got in Dutch with her boss . I don ’ t have the heart to see her pounding the pavements 
You must be stuck on her , or you would not use your elbow grease 
Well , we hit it off with each other . Nothing more , nothing much 
I think your speech was excellent 
Was it 
Sure it was 
Thank you.It was really a challenge to speak before such a large audience , you know 
But you did it and did it well 
Well Rebecca , is there anything else you need to know for now 
I don ’ t think so , Mr . Parsons . I think you have covered all the main points for me 
Okay well listen , here is my business card with my mobile number . If any other questions spring to mind don ’ t hesitate to contact me . Of course you can also call Miss Childs too 
Great . Rmm , when can I expect to hear from you 
Well , we are finishing the shortlist interviews tomorrow , so we will certainly have a decision made by early next week . Miss Childs will call you to discuss more on Monday or Tuesday . How does that so
That sounds perfect . Thank you very much for taking the time to speak to me Mr . Parsons 
The pleasure ’ s all mine , Rebecca 
I hope to hear from you very soon 
Absolutely . Thanks for coming Rebecca . Goodbye 
you haven't spent much time with Sophia lately . Are you speaking to each other at the moment 
no , we're not . We've been drifting apart for a while 
but you two used to do everything together . I thought you really enjoyed each other's company 
we did , but since she started her new job , all she does is hang out with her new friends from work 
can't you hang out with them , too 
I could , but all they ever talk about is work , so I always end up feeling left out 
maybe you should invite her over for dinner , so it's just the two of you 
I tried that a few weeks ago and she ended bringing a pal from work with her ! She's so busy these days that it's just impossible to hang out with her 
it can't be that bad . She was always a really good friend to you 
you're right . She would never talk about me behind my back or hold a grudge . But she just doesn't seem very interested in our friendship anymore 
she's probably just excited about her new job . You should give her some time . It would be a shame to lose such a good friend 
I've given her enough time . I'm over it now 
I still think you two should try to patch things up 
I think I just have to accept the fact that it's time for us to go our separate ways 
My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape 
I just got it at the special health store . It's for my flabby arms 
Let me know how it works 
I have to say , I have had enough of this roller coaster 
I know what you mean . I'm like a yo-yo 
Last week I was down to 60 kilos . This week I had one donut more . Now I'm up to 62 kilos 
Hello , Mr . Compton ? This is Susan Miller 
Hi , Susan . What can I do for you 
I ’ d like to take tomorrow off if that ’ s all right with you 
Let me take a look . Just a second . That ’ s no problem , Susan . See you on Wednesday 
Great party , isn ’ t it 
Yeah , really 
By the way , my name is Liu Wei 
Hi , I ’ m Susan Marshall , You can call me Susan.Nice to meet you 
What do you do , Susan 
Well , I ’ m a college student.How about you 
I work for the Bank of China , in the International Section 
Our housing problem is a highly complicated issue 
It is true . I think we should change some policies 
Right . Like our LPF program . The mortgage size is linked with the amount of savings households have accumulated on their LPF accounts 
Indeed , it's unfair . Households with higher salaries receive larger LPF contributions and thus qualify for larger loans . Lower-income households , on the other hand , can only get smaller loans , or perhaps nothing if they could not afford to purchase any housing 
Like you and me 
This is the rush hour 
I noticed there ’ s a jam a few blocks away 
Let ’ s drive off this road 
I ’ m afraid I ’ ll be late 
Are you going to vote 
Of course ! Are you 
I plan to , but what day is the election 
You should know that 
Can you just tell me 
The election is this Tuesday 
Are you serious 
I ’ m not kidding 
It ’ s a good thing I asked you 
That should ’ Ve been something you knew already 
I couldn ’ t remember 
Whatever . Just make sure you go vote 
I just love your hair that way 
Thanks 
Where did you have it done 
My sister did it . When did you get yours cut 
Just yesterday . I'm still getting used to it 
Well , it looks very nice 
Thanks 
Thank you for a lovely day . I really enjoyed it 
It was nice to have you with us 
Thank you for the picnic too . It was supper 
Not at all . It was a pleasure . Perhaps you will come out with us again while you are here 
Yes , I'd love to . Thanks again . Goodbye 
Goodbye 
A cup of coffee sounds good , doesn't it 
Yes , but I think I'll have orange juice first 
Do you feel like having anything to eat 
Well , I think I'll try the pancakes . How about you 
Sounds great . That's just what I feel like having 
Lily ! Why aren't you up and ready for school 
I don't feel so good , Mom 
Lily , if you're acting sick just because you want to play hooky ..
No , Mom . I'm really sick 
Oh , that's a nasty cough . Let me feel your head . You're on fire 
I think Andy's party will be fun 
Yeah , I think so . Oh , by the way , I need to ask you something 
What's that 
Could I get back the sweater you borrowed 
Sure . Oh , that reminds me . Could I borrow your black leather boots 
My boots ? Er ... Sure , ok 
Hilton Hotel . Can I help you 
Yes . I'd like to make a room reservation 
Fine . Beginning when 
Two weeks from Thursday , for three nights 
That's the twenty-fourth of June 
Right 
Your name , please 
Robert Hamlin 
Single or double 
Double 
You're all set . That's a double room for the twenty-fourth , twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth of June , in the name of Hamlin 
Could I ask you for a favor ? My laser printer is out of ink and I need to print out something urgent . If you don ’ t mind , I would like to send you these files . Could you then print these for me 
Sure , just send me through internal mail 
Thanks , Vivian 
No problem at all . Welcome 
Cheer 
Cheer 
So what time tomorrow 
Half past seven in the morning 
Where to meet 
In the market 
OK . Bottoms up 
Bottoms up 
It's on me 
Thank you . This place is nice 
I think we have everything in the contract . Shall we sign it 
Wait a minute . I think we have missed an important point . We should include an arbitration clause in the contract 
I believe we can solve disputes through an amicable negotiation 
I hope so . too . But I still think the provision of arbitration is of great importance to both of us 
All right . I agree with you . But where do we hold arbitration 
I suggest the arbitration be held in a third country 
It sounds reasonable . The clause should be like this - any disputes arising from the execution of this contract shall be settled in a friendly way . If no settlement can be reached through consul - nation and conciliation , the disputes shall be submitted for arbitration by a mutually nominated arbitrator . The arbitrator's decision on the dispute is final and binding on the both parties 
Ok 
What day is today 
It's Thursday , I think 
Tomorrow is Friday . It's going to be the weekend 
We're busy on weekdays , but we'll have a good rest at the weekend 
We'll meet again in a few days 
I went shopping without my umbrella yesterday morning 
Yesterday morning was beautiful i thought the sunning was going to continue 
So did i . that's why i didn't take my umbrella . i got cold in the rain in the afternoon.it was raining cats and dogs 
I know . i could not believe it when i got hit by that storm.it was pouring with rain all afternoon 
We really have some miserable weather sometime . i wish i would live somewhere which were sunning all year round 
If it was sunning all year round there would be drought.you probably would not like it either 
I guess you are right . maybe i just wish the weather could be a little more predictable 
The weather forecasters are not good at predicting the weather would be like.our weather is so changeable 
I have to go up to London for a couple of days next week . Would you like to come 
That would be nice . How are you getting there 
Well , I prefer to go on the train , but I suppose you want me to take the car 
Oh , I much prefer to go by car , then we don't need to get to the station with our luggage and ..
And I've got to drive . You know I'm not fond of that . I found it much more relaxing to sit in the train 
Which is more expensive 
But very much quicker . But I know we'll never agree on this subject . You prefer the car . I prefer the train 
Now , have you ever thought of going by express bus 
Hello 
Hello , is that Miss Smith 
Yes 
This is Mr.Gao . How are you 
Not too bad , thanks . And you 
Fine . Listen . Are you free on Wednesday night ? I'd like to invite you to dinner 
I'm terribly sorry , but I've already made arrangements for Wednesday 
That's a pity . How about Thursday 
That would be fine 
Great . What time would you like to meet 
Whenever is suitable for you . I have no plans for that day 
OK , let's say 6
And where would you like to meet 
I can pick you up at the gate of your company . Also , what type of food do you like 
I'm not very familiar with Chinese cuisine . What can you recommend 
Well , have you heard of Peking Duck ? it's a local specialty 
Of course ! Peking Duck is world-famous . I would love to try it 
OK , let's have that then 
All right . Well , I'll see you later 
See you later , goodbye 
Lisa wins the first prize in the English speech contest of her college 
Really ? That's really wonderful . I'm so happy for her 
But I always feel disappointed . I have many problems with English learning 
Honey , cheer up 
I feel confused about the grammars 
I'm sure you'll do fine if you try your best 
And my writing is not good . I feel so frustrated 
Be confident , and never give up 
I know that , mom . But sometimes I'm just sad 
Keep your chin up . Remember ? Nothing is impossible to a willing heart 
Yes , mom . You are right . Nothing is impossible to a willing heart . I will keep going 
I have had some really horrible headaches lately 
How long have your headaches been going on 
I get headaches occasionally , but they have been really bad lately 
Any unusual amounts of stress in your life going on right now 
I am getting ready to take my GRE 
Have you been able to sleep regular hours 
It has been hard for me to sleep with a bad headache 
Has anything hit you in the head lately 
I hit my head on a cupboard door a week ago 
Let ’ s have you come back in a few days and see how you feel 
How do you do 
How do you do 
My name is Wang Liang , I ’ m from Beijing . Where do you come from 
I come from the city of Tangshan in Hebes Province 
You're from Tangshan ? I can't believe my ears . I was also born in Tangshan , but I was brought up in Beijing 
Really ? It's nice to meet you . How long have you been with this company 
Just over 4 years now . Since this is your first day here , I'm sure you don't really know too much yet . Let me show you around , so you can introduce yourself to everyone 
Oh , Thank you very much 
Hello . Can I speak to Kevin , please 
This is Kevin 
My name is Joan Harris . I ’ m calling from St . Johns Hospital . Are you still interested in a job as a service technician 
Yes 
I have good news for you.You ’ Ve got an interview . Can you come to the Human Resources Office on Thursday at 9 30 am 
wow ! That ’ s great . Sure , I can . Where is the Human Resources Office 
345 Stony Creek Avenue 
Thank you very much . I ’ ll be there on time 
Excellent . I ’ ll see you on Thursday at 9 30 
Fred , we're gonna have a meeting after half an hour . Have you got it 
Is that true ? I can't believe it . There are always some meetings in this company 
Hush ! The wall has ears , you know 
But , my overwork has not done yet . And it is driving me crazy 
My boy . I give you my sympathy to you . However , this meeting is said to be extremely important , so we have to attend it 
What's the meeting for 
It is to give honors and promotions to some colleagues who made outstanding performance last year 
I will be there after 20 minutes 
I am sorry to hear that you are not feeling well . How are you 
Thank you . I was operated on for gastric ulcer 
Is that so ? But I think It shouldn't keep you long in bed 
Yes . I hope so 
I'm hungry 
You already ate 
It wasn't enough , because I'm hungry again 
There's nothing left from dinner 
I'm going to get a snack 
What kind of snack are you going to make 
I don't know 
You can always make a sandwich 
I don't know what kind of sandwich I want 
Just make yourself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich 
I may just do that 
Go right ahead 
Sarah , what did you do today 
I went shopping 
Did you buy anything 
Yes , I bought a few things 
What did you buy 
I bought this coat . Do you like it 
Yeah , I like it a lot . It's very pretty . Where did you buy it 
At the mall on 5th street 
Was it expensive 
No , it wasn't expensive . It was on sale for 20 dollars 
That's cheap 
I know . It was a really good deal 
I don't think you'll need to wear it for a while . It's been really hot lately 
Hello , Room Reservation Service . May I help you 
Yes . This is Mrs.Davinson . I'd like to reserve a two-room suite for tonight 
Let me see . Yeah , There are two such rooms left . May I have your name please 
Mrs.Davinson . Mary Davison . M-A-R-Y , mary . D-A-V-I-N-S-O-N . Davison 
OK . I've got it 
Thank you . Good-bye 
Good-bye 
What do you do in summer 
I love going out into the countryside for walks or bike ride . I love being out in the fresh summer air . How about you 
I don ’ t often go for walks , but I either play sports outside-you know , tennis or badminton-or just sit in the sunshine and read a good book 
What do you do in winter 
Well , I play sports indoors quite often . If I ’ m feeling lazy , I just watch a film at home . I prefer summer to winter 
I think most people do . I like wearing nice , colorful clothes in summer-you know , a nice dress or skirt . It ’ s too cold for those kinds of clothes in winter 
Yes . I like wearing shorts in summer . My legs would freeze 
Do you think we ’ ll have a nice summer this year 
Thanks to global warming , it could be hotter than ever 
Hey , check out this new game I bought today 
Wow ! It's a trivia game all about the Academy Awards 
I know you love the Oscars . This game has some great questions about all types of movies 
Does it have questions about foreign language films ? There's hardly any American films worth watching 
Yes . In fact , one of the categories is on foreign language films 
Have you found another job yet , Sally 
No , I haven't , but I've seen several interesting advertisements in the paper 
What kind of job are you looking for 
Either something in the hotel business or something to do with travel 
You haven't had any experience in either of those fields 
I know . But I'd like to try . Look , here are some advertisements that I've cut out 
What position have you held before 
I have been a salesman 
Would you tell me the general description of your present job 
I am in charge of the trading department 
What made you decide to change your job 
I ’ m working in a small company where further promotion is impossible 
Why do you leave your present company 
I never easily give up something that is valuable . Before I decided to quit that position , I had made a thorough analysis of things like what I would gain and what I would lose here in your company . You know , Shanghai is always a fascinating place to me , full of challenges as well as hopes . In addition to this , I have the specialized knowledge and the necessary experience of making a good . Of course , opportunities to work abroad and a higher salary are also important to me . So I believe it ’ s worthwhile to come here to work 
Why did you pick this organization 
I'm very much interested in the position 
What made you decide to join our company 
I believe I would have better opportunities with a small but rapidly expanding company like yours 
Wow ! Look at all these books ! I bet I can find a book about anything here 
Shih ! ! Please keep your voice down . There are people reading and studying here 
Ok , I'm sorry . Are you the librarian ? Maybe you can help me , I am looking for a book 
Yes I am . You can check our online catalog to search the book you want based on the genre , title or if you know the author , I can point you towards the right direction 
I am looking for a book that has nursery rhymes 
That would be in our children's section . That book shelf there on the right 
Ok , I would like to check out these books 
Do you have a library card 
No . How do I get one 
I just need to see your drivers license or utility bill to prove that you a resident of this state 
Here you go 
So you are all set . You can have these books for two weeks . If you need to have them longer , you can bring them here to renew them . If you don't , you get charged ten cents a day for each book 
Ok , thanks 
Hi , Kate 
Hi , Don . What a surprise 
Yeah , I saw someone walking like you , but I wasn ’ t sure . We haven ’ t seen each other for how long ? Almost three months ? But you look quite different now 
Have you noticed what has changed 
Oh , you look quite slender and more vivacious . What have you been taking ? Are you on a diet 
Yes . I ’ m on a diet , but I ’ Ve not taken anything . I just eat less and exercise more . And it really worked in the past three months . I ’ Ve lost twelve pounds 
Wow ! That ’ s great . I sincerely want to achieve my weight loss goals , but it ’ s difficult for me to keep up the exercise . Also you know , old habits are hard to break 
What kind of exercise do you think I do ? I just go to dance everyday after work . I ’ m taking an amateur dance class . I dance two hours everyday 
Dance ? You only go dancing ? That ’ s not hard . I can do that 
Sure . Join my class next week 
Excuse me . Have you forgotten our drinks 
Sorry , I'll bring them to you right away 
Why is it taking so long 
We are short of staff today 
There is something wrong with this dish 
What's wrong 
I don't think this is fresh 
They were delivered this morning 
Would you please ask the manager to come over 
I received an E-mail from mother today 
What did she say 
She missed us and asked when we would go back home 
What's your plan 
I don't know . Maybe next week . We haven't been to the Great Wall yet 
Right , then you'd better send an E-mail to tell her 
All right 
I went to the tutoring service centre on campus today . And I got a job 
Congratulation . What will you do 
They got me a part-time tutoring job , teaching an Australian businessman Chinese 
That's wonderful . I want to get a part-time job too . Tell me what I should do 
It's very simple actually . You can go to the service centre and have your name and job interest resisted . They will give you a call if any job comes up 
Good . I'll do it 
We're having a sixties party next week . Do you want to come 
What is a sixties party 
You come dressed in anything from the sixties 
That sounds like fun . But where can I get clothes that old 
Check out your mom's closet . I'll bet she still has something 
Good idea . Can I bring some music from that period too 
That will be great ! Do you have LPs or Cds 
Don't tell me you have a record player 
Good morning , welcome to Bank of the USA . How may I help you today 
Hi , I need to transfer some money to another account . It ’ s urgent 
Okay , have you made a wire transfer at our bank before 
No . I ’ Ve never made a transfer before 
It ’ s alright , I will take you through the procedure . Are you transferring funds to a company or an individual account 
A company account . I need to pay a bill 
Okay , I ’ ll need the name of the company and their bank routing number as well as their bank ’ s address and phone number 
I have all the information in this folder 
Well . You ’ Ve come prepared.You have all the necessary materials so we can go ahead and make the transfer right now . It ’ s a simple transaction , and we can process it today 
Oh , that ’ s such a relief . I didn ’ t want the payment to be overdue . Thank you so much 
It ’ s my pleasure 
What does your company do exactly 
We design and assemble a wide range of electric generators for hospitals , hotels anc small factories . We specialise in medium-sized generators but we're hoping to diversify into larger models next year 
And who do you sell to 
We export to Eastern Europe and the Far East . The domestic market accounts for about 40 percent of our total sales 
Hi , who has the remote control 
I do . Why , do you want me to change the channel 
Yes , please . I can't stand watching the channel any more 
I think they have pretty good programmes . But I'll change it if you really want 
Put it on Channel 5 , OK 
Oh , I hate Channel 5 . I'd rather just listen to the radio 
Don't make such a fuss . I'm sure you will like today's programme 
What's on today 
A basketball match between Chinese team and American team 
Really ? I'm interested in it 
It might begin now 
You are from the travel agency , aren't you 
Yes , are you Mr James 
Yes , I am . Are you Miss Li from the travel agency 
That's right 
Do you mind telling me your name 
Of course not . My name is Li Ping . Is this all your baggage 
Yes , it is . I usually travel light 
Welcome to Hong Kong . I'll go and get the car . Could you please wait a few minutes 
Sure , and I'm glad to meet you . Thanks for your help 
Thank you.Steven.That was the most magnificent meal I've had abroad.You ' ll have to let me reciprocate the next time you're in Beijing 
Don't worry about it , Lin.That ' s no big deal.You know , Americans appreciate China's rich culinary culture . Just excuse me for a second while I check the number here and figure out how much to give the waiter.Hmm , by the way , what do you do about tipping in China 
We don't 
No tipping ? Now that's what I call a civilized system 
At hotels and some restaurants they add a service charge to the bill , but other than that , tipping isn't customary 
What about cab drivers and porters 
In a cab you just pay what it says on the meter . I generally tip hotel porters 10 yuan per bag , but in first-class hotels they're instructed not to accept gratuities 
You'd have a revolution on your hands if you tried to introduce that sort of system here 
The country is strong only in appearance . Don ’ t you think so 
Yes . In fact there are quite a large number of people who have no food to eat and no place to live in 
You can say that again . The government must open it ’ s eyes to the fact 
Hey Mike . What are you doing tonight 
Nothing planned . How about you 
Work is kicking my ass . I'm so stressed . Let's go grab a drink 
I'm always up for a drink . To tell you the truth , it's been quite stressful here too 
I say we get drunk tonight . I don't want to think about all this stuff 
But we have to work tomorrow 
We won't stay out too late . I just need to forget about work 
I hear ya . Let's do it 
What's the matter , John ? you seemed to be restless today 
You see , I've been offered a new job . I can't decide whether to take it or not 
Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice 
It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging 
Then what about the salary ? Would you get more 
Yes , they say I would get a big sum 
Have you discussed it with your wife 
Yes , she leaves it to me 
As I say it the work is well worth try . After all you can get a higher salary 
I have to think about it 
Welcome to China , Mr . White 
How do you do , Ms . Chi 
Welcome to this corporation , Mr . White . Won ’ t you please sit down 
Thank you 
Our representative in your country faxed a letter that you showed an interest in some of our products on display at the Oct . Exhibition there . Now we'd like to know if you have any specific requirements in mind 
Yes , we have . I ’ Ve brought with me a list of the quantity of your products we ’ d like to import for the second half of this year . Here is a copy of it 
Good . Well , Mr . White , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts soon to enable timely delivery 
I hope so , too . Now I'd like some of your sales literature and a price list for all of your export articles 
Here are our catalog and price list . The catalog lists all the commodities we export , and the price list gives indicative prices for all our export articles 
Thank you , Ms Chi . What are your normal export terms 
We normally export CFR 
What commission do you usually pay for your exports ? As you know , we import on commission basis 
That can be discussed 
All right . When can we meet again for more specific details , Ms Chi 
What about tomorrow morning at 9 ? I'll come over to your hotel 
I'll be expecting you , then 
Julia , what time is it 
Eight o'clock . It's time for you to get up and have breakfast 
Oh , my God ! I'm going to be late ! I have no time to have breakfast now . ( Hurry on his clothes . 
You won't go to work today , Steven , It's Sunday . Come and have breakfast now 
Oh , I have a poor memory now . I haven't had enough sleep lately . I had a bad dream just now 
You have been too tired recently , darling . That's why I didn't wake you up this morning . After breakfast , you can go to sleep again 
Yes . I really need to have a good rest 
I love her so much , you know . I want to be alone . Please keep quiet 
I am just casting pearls before swine 
What's wrong 
There's no power 
Have you checked the fuse box 
Yes , the fuse had blown and I've changed it but now the motor keeps cutting out 
There might be a loose connection somewhere that's making the safety switch trip . Check the settings on the trip-switch . If you can't fix it yourself , call in an electrician 
If this coat doesn't fit , may I bring it back later 
Sorry , We don't take returns on sale items 
Do you know what E-commerce is 
Well , I'm not sure . Maybe it means we can buy something through the Internet 
That's right
It must be very convenient and pretty quick 
Sure , but you must have access to the Internet 
Have you met John recently 
I saw him last week . It seems he was a bit queer in the head 
Yes , he has been like that since his accident 
What a pity 
Where did you get assigned to go this time around 
They asked me to go to Paris to check on the new office that was just established there . And you 
Hong Kong again . I would like to go somewhere different for a change 
Teach me Cantonese and I'll pull some strings to get a trade with you next time around 
If you really want to learn , remind me when you get back from your business trip 
You're on 
When do you leave 
I'm scheduled to fly out on the tenth 
I would like to buy a ticket to New York please 
When do you plan to travel 
I ’ d like to pack my bags and leave tonight 
Are you aware that without two weeks advance notice prices will be very high 
Yes I know , but I just got the chance to leave and so I am going to take it no matter what 
I understand . So that ’ s one ticket to New York , and you ’ ll be departing tonight . Will that be one-way or round trip 
I wish I could stay there , but unfortunately it will have to be a round trip ticket 
When would you like to return 
My return date will be the 14th 
OK . I have several seats available . Would you like a window seat or an aisle seat 
Anything but a center seat is fine with me . The middle seat drives me crazy 
OK Mr . Lee . I have you booked on flight 513 leaving on the 5th at 11:00 pm and arriving in New York on the 6th at 6
Will there be any layovers 
No , all flights are direct 
Perfect ! I ’ m afraid to ask , but how much is it 
$ 800 dollars 
I spend all my time looking after my baby . I'm so tired 
Why don't you ask your husband to help you with it 
I've tried it , but he would have none of it 
There's a concert in Capital Theatre this Sunday 
So what 
Look , I have two tickets.Will you go with me 
Wow , I like concerts 
Hello . Is this Ann 
Yes , it is . Kelly 
Yes , it's me 
Do you have a cold 
No . Worse than that . I have a flu . I'm in bed with a fever 
Oh , no ! What about your presentation today 
I'd like to do it , of course . But I just can't . I'm afraid I'd fall down in the middle of it 
I understand . What should I tell Mr . Morley 
Why not just tell him I'm sick ? I'll ring him myself this afternoon 
Alright . Have you been to see a doctor 
Not yet . I feel too lousy to go out.Anyway , I have a flu . I know what it is . I don't need a doctor to tell me that 
Do you think you'll be able to come in tomorrow ? Or should I call off your appointments for tomorrow too 
I'm not sure yet.Maybe this will all be gone in a day . So it's probably better if you don't call off my appointments . I will call you later this afternoon and tell you what I think 
It's rainy weather today . Maybe it's better if you just stay inside.Make yourself some chicken soup and sleep 
Yes , that's what I plan to do . Except I won't make the chicken soup.Right now I don't think I could swallow more than a spoonful of it 
That bad , huh 
Yeah , I'm very nauseous . It's mostly nausea and a fever 
Well , I'll cancel your appointments for today . And I'll tell Mr . Morley 
Thanks , Ann . Talk to you this afternoon 
Hope you feel better 
Grandpa , this seat is for you , for you are the eldest person here and also it's your birthday today 
Oh , you are such a good child today . Come here . Sit next to me 
I'm afraid I can't do that . It's Dad's seat , according to the book about table manners 
Oh , you read ? Very good . Then , I think we should do something different today . I'll give you some privilege 
Great . That's my favorite seat which will be the nearest to the birthday cake 
Now I see what you read the book for . But it's fine . I'll give you the lion's share 
Why do they serve up the noodles first ? I don't like it . Where is the cake 
This is not common noodles . They're “ long-lived ” noodles.it ' s an old Chinese tradition to eat.long - lived noodle on birthday 
I see . Then I'll try it 
Hi Colin . How are you feeling today 
Oh , I feel ok but I ’ m still very tired 
It's probably jet lag 
I think so . One minute I feel quite awake , and the next I feel very tired 
Do you want to visit any tourist spots in the city 
Oh yes , I'm very interested in Chinese history so I ’ d like to visit the Summer Palace 
Good idea . I ’ d be very happy to go there 
Did you enjoy your meal 
Yes , we really enjoyed it 
May I interest you in some dessert 
Yes , that sounds great 
Well , we have chocolate mousse cake , homemade fresh strawberry shortcake , and a spicy rum apple crisp for our specials 
The apple crisp sounds great 
Since there are four of you , would you like to split a second dessert 
Good suggestion . Could you please bring us a chocolate mousse cake and four dessert forks , please 
Would you like coffee or tea with your dessert 
Let's have four coffees , please 
OK . I will be right back with your desserts and drinks 
Thank you ! We have really enjoyed our meal here 
Please come in and sit down . I ’ m happy to finally meet you 
Same here , Ms . Drake . I've been looking forward to this 
I ’ m sorry I kept you waiting 
No , no , no , not at all , you were right on time . I was early . I hope I didn ’ t rush you . I ’ m glad for the opportunity to interview with you 
Thank you . Can I get you some coffee or a cup of tea 
I ’ m fine , thank you 
Good , then let ’ s get to the interview 
Great , that ’ s why I ’ m here 
Hi ! Peter . How are you 
Fine ! How about you 
Pretty good 
what was your wedding ceremony like , Abigail 
my husband and I got married in a registry office with just two friends there as witnesses . But then we had three parties to celebrate 
three parties ? That's quite a lot . That must have been expensive 
well , since my husband and I are from two different countries , and we live in a third country , we decided to have one in each country . It wasn't actually that expensive 
were your parents upset that they weren't there to see you get married 
I would have liked them to be there , but they couldn ’ t afford to fly out to see us , and we couldn't afford to fly out to see them , so they understood 
did your husband's family get to meet your family 
my husband's parents flew out to meet my family when we got married in my hometown , so that was great . Some people spend ridiculous amounts of money on extravagant wedding receptions , but we agreed t
that makes sense . Did you go on a honeymoon 
we waited until our one-year anniversary to go on our honeymoon to Africa 
you really didn't have a very traditional wedding , did you 
not at all , but we don ’ t have a very traditional marriage either , so it suited us perfectly 
Have you got any better 
That's the best there is 
Okay , I'll take one 
That'll be $ 200 , sir 
If we are to modernize our information processing , manufacturing system and management code , we need to complete our office automation 
Yes , you're right . We have to equip our company with a network of workstations at every office as soon as possible 
Our copying machines are too slow , our telephone system is limited in function , and our offices are not well-equipped for us to work efficiently . To improve the offices for higher efficiency , we have to change all the chairs and some of the desks also , redesign our office so that we may have more space 
Good . We can contact the Tiana Office Furniture Store , and ask them to install computers in our company , deliver new tables and other furniture to match the function of the computers , and to improve our work atmosphere simultaneously 
Good afternoon , what can I do for you today 
I'd like to get some details about a Personal Housing Loan , please 
That's no problem . We have many different ways to go about getting a mortgage and all with terms to suit you 
You see , I've just got married and we are looking at getting on the property ladder with our first home 
Well , congratulations ! It's lovely being a newly wed , but also so much pressure . Could you tell me what kind of property you are looking for 
Yes , just a simple apartment , nothing too big 
Yes , I see . There are just the two of you at the moment . Please take a look through this brochure ; it's especially for first-time-buyers . I think it'll be very helpful 
That's great , exactly what I need to know . Thanks 
Welcome to Lens Magic , ma ’ am.How can I help you 
I ’ d like to buy an inexpensive camera 
Well , we ’ Ve got several point-and-shoot cameras.These are all 35mm compact cameras with auto-focus and a built-in flash.We also have these Polaroid cameras 
I don ’ t think I ’ ll need a Polaroid.Does this 35mm camera have an automatic flash 
Yes , it does.But you can turn it off if you want 
Okay , I ’ ll take this one.Does it come with batteries and a case 
Yes , it does.Here , I ’ ll box it up for you 
Excuse me . My bag was stolen , will you help me 
When did it happen 
Just about half an hour ago 
Tell me where it happened and how 
Yes , it was just when I was walking in the park . I saw some children with a newspaper 
That happens often these days . Well , please fill in this Report of Theft 
I want to get in touch with the Chinese Embassy because my passport was in the stolen bag 
This is where we sing ? These booths are so comfortable I think I could fall asleep 
Let's order something to eat . What are you in the mood for 
I'll have whatever you're having 
OK . How about some spring rolls and squid balls , some pork skins , and some beer 
Well ... the beer sounds good 
Hey , Jenny . Would you like to go to dinner with me 
I don't know . You know what they say about office romances 
No , I don't . What do they say about office romances 
They say you shouldn't mix love and work 
That's silly . What I do on my own time is no one else ’ s business . Besides , it's pretty hard to meet people outside of the office when we spend long hours here 
You ’ Ve got a point . Once I dated one of my supervisors and all of my co-workers accused him of favoritism . Then when the relationship went bad , he fired me 
People fall in love with people they work with . That's a fact 
That may be true , but I don't want an inter-office relationship to affect my productivity 
If it does , it will only make you more productive , because we can support each other 
You are sounding like we are already married 
Good grief . All I did was ask you out . I am sorry 
Well , I don't feel right about it 
I am talking about dinner tonight , not a lifetime 
Most starts with dinner , but then it gets out of hand . Besides , haven't you asked out every woman in the entire office 
I like company 
Company ? I heard about you from Linda . She said you were an octopus 
What can I say ? I am a passionate guy 
Well , I hope you can find something else to be passionate about 
You want to go out with me and you know it 
In your dreams . Now if you don't mind , I've got some work to do 
Ok , I get the message . Hey , do you have any sisters 
What's going on 
Not much 
This Friday , I'm throwing a party 
Oh really ? I didn't know that 
Are you serious 
I haven't heard anything about it 
Can you make it 
What time does it start 
The party starts at 8 
Yeah , I think I'll go 
Am I going to see you there 
You will 
Have you ever gotten a parking ticket 
I've never gotten one . Have you 
I got a ticket yesterday 
Really ? What did you get one for 
I parked in the red zone 
Why did you do that 
I needed to get something really quick 
Where did you park at 
At my apartment building 
Don't you have your own parking spot 
I needed to be fast 
That was very lazy of you 
What shall we do today 
We'd better stay in the hotel , because the tour will begin tomorrow 
Let's go out for some exercise , shall we 
What an excellent idea 
Shall we do some jogging 
OK 
I feel well now 
Yes , some exercise is necessary for us 
Quite right 
Your resume mentioned that you had been the surveyor , which was a concurrent job , of a certain market survey company . What was your main work content 
My main duties include designing survey sheets , transferring them to the dispatchers , making telephone covering on blurred information and processing the data and doing the primary analysis 
What had you gained mainly from this survey activity 
First , it was how to design survey sheets according to the subjects , because we had to prevent the questions from being too influential and we must make sure that every question was balanced and equitable . Secondly , it was how to get information through telephone covering in the fastest and most effectively way , because the person doing the survey usually doesn ’ t have the patience to wait for long feedback . So the way we put up questions must be clear and direct and only by this means can we get accurate data 
Hello 
Hello , Is that Stefan 
I'm sorry , but I'm afraid you've dialed the wrong number.There is no Stefan here 
Really ? Are you sure ? I called before and he was there 
Yes . I'm sure . You have the wrong number . I have used this number for more than 20 years 
That can't be true . I remember the number clearly . Is your number 1199886 
No , it isn't . It's 1199866 . It seems that you have misdialed 
Oh , I'm sorry I bothered you . I'm really sorry 
It doesn't matter . It happens to everyone 
Sorry again for bothering you 
That's all right 
I'm sorry I'm so late . I had a really bad day 
It's ten after six.We ' re late.But dinner is at six thirty 
I know . I know . I'm really sorry . I lost my bag 
I'll call the lost and found office 
I didn't think of it.Thank you.And I do apologize for being late 
Well , what is your trouble 
I'm not feeling well , doctor . I have a sore throat 
Have you any aches and pains 
Yes , my back aches 
I'll take your temperature . How long have you been feeling ill 
It began the night before last 
You have a temperature , but it's nothing serious . It's probably just the flu . I'll give you a prescription . Take this to the chemist's . Take one tablet every four hours . You should stay in bed tom
Lots of people are ill at the moment 
It's this cold weather we're having 
What would you like for Christmas 
I would like to have that new style Gl Joe 
Have you asked Santa 
Yes and I've written him a letter 
Here , Let me get the door for you 
Thanks 
Do you need a hand with that 
Actually , I could you some help . Thank you so much 
Don't worry about it 
Toronto is really a lovely place to visit 
What attracts you most 
The Old Town , the Distillery Historic District , the Financial District and Underground City , everything is so attractive 
I was told my friend Joe was speaking ill of me . That's a real let-down 
I don't think Joe has done such a thing . Don't believe things in haste 
Maybe I should go and ask him whether it's true 
Are you free tonight 
Depends 
Lousy weather , isn't it 
It has stopped snowing , but it's even colder 
Look at the ice there hanging from the eaves 
And the streets are covered with snow 
Do you know what the temperature is today 
I missed today's weather forecast over the TV 
It feels like ten degrees below zero at least . I don't mind the cold weather but I do hate it when it gets slippery 
The ice will soon be thick enough for skating . I am so fond of winter sports 
That's great . Let's go skating together tomorrow 
How about you , Chuck ? Where did you grow up 
Well , I was born in Ohio , but I grew up in Texas 
And when did you come to Los Angeles 
In 1978 . I went to college here 
Oh . What was your major 
Drama . I was an actor for five years after college 
That's interesting . So why did you become a hairdresser 
Because I needed the money . And because I was good at it . Look ! What do you think 
Good morning , Jim 
Good morning , Emma ! A lovely day , isn't it 
Yes , it is . The sun is shining . There is no wind , only a pleasant breeze 
It is the best season for a picnic right now . Have you decided the place for your picnic 
We have decided to go to the park this Sunday . Would you like to go with us if you have not decided yet 
What did the whetherman say 
He ’ s predicting clear skies 
Well , I will think it over 
Mike promised to help us 
Mike ? How can you trust him to help us 
Why not 
He is too unpredictable . He says anything that pops into his head . And then he forgets it all 
I can look anybody in the face because I ’ Ve done nothing to make me feel guilty or something 
There are not so many people like you 
You are flattering me 
Excuse me , can I order now , please 
OK , what would you like 
I ’ d like the lasagna , please 
Sure and which one would you like 
I ’ ll try the vegetarian , please 
Are you looking for shoes 
Yes , could you give me some ideas 
What about this brown one 
Fine , it's the thing for me . I will take it 
I think I'll write a book 
What about 
All of the time tested healthy habits from around the world 
You have done a lot of traveling . I'll bet you've learned quite a bit 
The interesting thing is to see what really works and what's just hype 
Because you can see the results with the general public 
That's right . I think we all have much we can learn from each other 
I would buy that kind of book 
I am sorry I am so late to work 
What was the problem 
I lost track of time 
Things happen ; make sure it doesn't become a habit 
OK , it won't happen again 
All right , please take this message and call this client 
OK , no problem 
Now does everyone understand the diagram on the board 
Yes , I understand the numbers 
I will explain it again ; especially for those of you who arrived late 
Here you are . You left the medicine here 
Sorry . I was too worried 
I firmly believe that you love your brother very much 
Absolutely . By the way , do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine 
Yes , we have some Chinese medicine for common cold 
I heard Chinese medicine has a better lasting effect in cure 
It depends . It's true that you can take some for prevention 
Next , please . Hello , may I help you , sir 
Yes , I want to send a registered airmail letter to France 
Ok , it comes four dollars twenty cents 
Here is five dollars 
Here is your change . Please wait for your receipt of the registered mail 
I also want to pack up my package . This is the notes 
Let me see . En .. just a minute . Here it is . I need your signature on this note 
Oh , one more thing , where can I mail this letter 
Drop it in the mail box mark out of town . at that corner 
Thank you very much 
You ‘ re welcome 
We're thinking about going to America 
Have you thought about the cost 
There is that 
I believe it'll be very expensive 
You're just left school , haven't you , Emily 
Yes , I finished last Friday 
You sound relieved 
Well , yes . I don't mind admitting that I am . I enjoyed school , but I did object to having to go in every day once we've done all our exams 
Well , what are you going to do now ? Have you made any plans 
Yes , I intend to go to university.That ' ll be in September.But it all depends on my A level results 
You mean getting into university actually depends on your passing your A level subjects 
Oh , yes 
Good morning , Mr . Huang . It's a pleasure to meet you again 
Pleased to see you . Welcome to our company . I hope you have a good day 
Thank you . Can I meet my colleagues 
Sure , come with me . Hello , Michael , this is Steven . He will be part of your team 
Hi , Steven , welcome to join us 
I ’ Ve been looking forward to meeting you . I am new to the working world and would appreciate your guidance 
That ’ s right . Just call me if you need anything 
That's great 
Well , as the other guys are still not in , I ’ ll introduce you to them later 
All right 
What do you do 
I ’ m a firefighter 
Really ? That ’ s so cool 
I ’ m really lucky to do something I really love 
What station do you work at 
I work downtown at station 24.It can get a little crazy sometimes but that ’ s what makes it challenging 
Marry Wang's Office , this is Marry 
Hi Marry , this is Tom 
How can I help you 
I need to see if we can get together today 
This section of the store is called Junior . Why is that 
It means young girls . That's where you'll find clothes for young girls 
But I can't find anything in my size here 
You're small , but you're not a child 
Well , there's nothing I can do about my height 
There's a petite section that you an check out 
What's in the petite section 
It has clothes in small sizes for small women 
Excuse me , I'm looking for your 3 - liter Pepsis , the ones that are on sale this week . There don't seem to be any in the soft drink section 
We may be sold out of them . Let me check the back . ( The clerk goes to the storeroom , returning a few minutes later . ) I'm afraid we're out of stock . Would you like a rain check 
Yes , I would , thank you 
Let me get the manager to sign one for you 
Did you get any pizza ? When I got there , only small one was left . What a pity 
I got the short end of the stick 
What's that , a new video game 
Nope ! It's the latest generation of PAD ! You won't believe what it can do 
For instance 
It has a built-in camera unit that takes digital color stills . It also plays MP3 files , which I can save on media cards and then transfer to the hard drive of my computer 
Wow ! Anything else 
This one comes with its own folding keyboard . It has a pre-installed handwriting recognition program . I can use the stylus to write on the screen 
What if I want to use CD-ROMs or floppies 
Just plug in a peripheral CD or floppy drive and you're ready to go 
Hurry up , Daniel , it's Barbie time 
All right , Sis 
Come on , it's cool outside 
I really wish Mom and Dad were here with us 
Hey , Daniel , what's your favorite weather ? Snowy or sunny 
Me ? Er , I like hot weather , just like today 
What ? Are you crazy 
I like to watch Barbie sticking her tongue out 
Ew , Danny , gross 
By the way , what's your favorite weather 
I love snowy , because it is very very romantic 
Look , is that Tom 
Are you through with your meal 
Yes , I am . Could I have the bill , please 
Here is your bill . 150 yuan in all 
Do you accept check 
No , I'm sorry we don't . We accept credit cards and cash 
Well , I'd like to pay by cash 
OK . ( A few minutes later ) Sorry to keep you waiting . Here is your change 
Thanks 
My pleasure . Welcome to our restaurant next time 
I'm so glad I bought this watch 
Cool ! Flashy red lines 
I think this is the coolest watch I've ever owned 
Is it waterproof 
Isn't that a silly question ? You know how much of an athlete I am 
Uh , huh ... so what kind of sports do you need a waterproof watch for 
Well , surfing , scuba diving ..
Isn ’ t this great ? I always wanted to own a farm , live out in the country , grow my own food 
This is very beautiful . Though I have to confess , I don ’ t know the first thing about farming 
That ’ s fine ! Don ’ t worry about it 
What was that 
Relax , it was just a goat 
And that 
It ’ s just the cows that are grazing over there . We can milk them later 
What was that 
Honey , seriously , It ’ s just a sheep . Relax 
Relax , that was just the horses and donkeys that are in the stable 
You know what ? I don ’ t think I can hack it here out in the countryside . I ’ m going back to the city 
I'm really glad that you came to see me 
I had to . I was missing you a lot 
I was missing you too 
So , why haven't you visited me 
I've actually been busy lately 
What have you been doing 
I've just been working really hard 
I've also been busy 
Tell me what you've been doing 
Basically , I've been working too 
Well whatever , I'm glad you came 
So am I 
Hi , Jim and Wendy . Where're you going 
We're going to that new restaurant for lunch . Would you like to join us 
Hi , Dan . What's new 
Where have you been ? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days 
I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up 
I got fired 
How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change 
It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up 
What are you going to do now 
I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office , and she thought I went to work as usual 
That's not the way to solve the problem . Did you look in the classified advertisements column 
Yes , I did . But I wasn't qualified for most of the jobs that I was interested in 
Listen . I will see what I can do , ok ? You go home and tell Lily about this problem you have now . She is your wife and I am sure she will understand 
I just don't know how to bring it up . Well , all right . She has the right to know anyways 
I wouldn't dare go bungee jumping 
Chicken 
I want to keep a pet , but I don't know which one to buy 
Dogs are nice , but they are really energetic , and you need to make sure they get enough exercise every day 
Having a dog would probably be too much work for me , then 
What about cats ? They are more independent 
Actually , I was thinking of something a little more exotic . I don't want a common pet like a dog or a cat 
How about a lizard ? Are lizards more along the lines of what you were thinking of getting 
Yeah , are they easy to look after 
Yeah , they are pretty low-maintenance ; they eat almost anything 
Honey , do you have a second 
Sure ! Are you okay ? You seem a bit worried.What ’ s on your mind 
We need to talk 
Okay ..
I ’ Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people 
What ? Why ? I mean , we ’ Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ’ re happy together , aren ’ t we 
That ’ s just it , I ’ m not happy anymore , Tim . It ’ s not you , it ’ s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guythat any woman would kill for 
So , what are you saying ? You ’ re breaking up with me because I ’ m perfect 
Tim , you are too good for me . You deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . Oh , I could say that I ’ ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . I know I ’ d only hurt you , I know I ’ d only make you cry 
Baby , come on . Don ’ t do this to me ! Whatever it is , we can work it out . Just give me another chance ! I know that we can get through this , but we gotta stick together ! Don ’ t leave me 
I can ’ t , Tim . I hope someday you can find some way to understand I ’ m only doing this for you . I don ’ t really wanna go but , deep in my heart I know this is the kindest thing to do 
Laura ..
Here are your keys . I ’ ll send my sister to pick up the rest of my things next week . I ’ m sorry , Tim . I wish you all the best , and I hope that one day we can meet again . I ’ ll always love you . Goodbye 
You have been so busy these months . What are you up to 
You know , next week , we ’ ll hold a football match . Our cheering squad is busy rehearsing the programmes for it
I'd like a facial 
Which kind would you like ? We have five different varieties of facials 
Which would you recommend 
Well , since it's summer , and I had looked that you had quite a bit sun , I'll recommend our summer special , it's specially suited for individuals with sensitive skin 
What does it included 
The facial will start with thorough cleansing 
Does it include facial mask and massage 
Yes , the reviving mask will promote blood circulation and tighten your skin . You can also choose to get hand or back massage as well 
Will it exfoliate the skin as well 
Yes , we also apply a special day cream that protect the skin from the sun and the night cream that moisturize to the skin 
That sounds great 
Did you watch the old-fashioned wrestling game last night 
Yes , of course . And I'm amazed the those karate and judo boys were so helpless before the wrestlers 
You bet . The wrestlers had got sound defences and they simply couldn't make it 
You're going go Dresden for sightseeing 
Yeah.And I'm going by bus 
I think a train journey is as fast as a bus journey 
But both my wife and I prefer taking a bus 
Your search on this project has been excellent 
Thank you . I couldn ’ t have done it without the help of a strong team 
The final report is exceptionally thorough and well done . I think that you have been come up with some interesting recommendations for the client 
Well , I hope the client feels the same way 
I am sure they will be pleased 
Oh 
What fools we were 
To think of it ! All my old silver ! It meant so much to me 
And my new car . To think that he simply drove off with everything in my car . That's what hurts me most 
What's so terrible too , is the fools we've made of ourselves 
I hardly dare call the police . They'll just laugh at us 
I'll never get over it . Oh , Harry , it was all so unnecessary . That man ! ! How could he do this to us after we'd put him up 
And his story didn't even hold together . I feel such an idiot 
Good morning , Madam . How can I be of service 
I'd like to pay this cash into my account please . I usually do it at the machine , but the queue is very long today 
Yes , I'm sorry about that . One of our Atms is down and we are waiting for it to be repaired , but it should be up and running again very soon 
I see . Here's my Bank Book 
You need to fill out the deposit slip as well . Here you go , Madam 
Thanks 
Excuse me , is this where I can catch a bus to the museum 
Yes , you're at the right stop 
Thank you 
Are you new here 
Yes 
Have you got small change ? They require exact fare 
Yes , I've got some coins . How much is the fare 
One yuan . When you get on the front of the bus , just drop your money into the box 
I see . How often does this bus run at this time of day 
It runs every ten minutes . Oh , here comes the bus 
Hey , Ted . What are you up to this Friday 
Well , I have the day off from work 
That ’ s great ! Do you have any plans 
Well , I ’ Ve been working so hard lately , so I ’ ll probably just take it easy 
Sounds nice 
Yeah , I ’ ll probably just stay in and relax . Maybe watch a few movies 
Can I stop by 
Sure . Any time 
What date is it today 
Today is December 23,2002 
Oh , the day after tomorrow is Christmas 
Merry Christmas to you 
Mom , look ! My first piggy bank and it still has money in it 
That is a blast from the past 
Remember when I used to beg you to break it so I could go buy ice cream 
Yes . You sure have come a long way in valuing your hard earned dollars 
Thanks for not giving in to my childhood tantrums , mom 
But what are you going to do with that pig 
I think I'm going to keep it as a monument to what I've learned about money 
Who knows , maybe one day he will sit on the desk of a top CEO in a major corporation 
Welcome to Game World . What can I do for you 
I'd like to get a good RPG . Can you recommend any 
Sure . This one here just came out . It's got great 3D graphics and a cool story line . It's also got a multiplayer function so you can play against other people on the Internet 
This one looks pretty good , but I'd like to see more before I make up my mind . Do you have any other suggestions 
This one is also really cool . It's a sci-fi game in which you have to stop an alien invasion . The graphics on this one are spectacular 
Hmm , it's a tough choice , but I think I'll go with this one 
I need to cancel my reservation . I have personal matters that need fixing 
That's not a problem . Just give me your name , phone number , and date of visit 
Rudy Randolph , 818-555-1234 , April 9 through 15 
I see your info here on the screen . I'll hit just one button , sir , and you're cancelled 
Thank you . I'm glad that wasn't too much of a bother 
It's a pleasure 
Mary , do you remember when we met 
I won't ever forget it ! I was sitting in the cafeteria all by myself ..
And I came up and asked to sit by you ..
Oh , it seems like it was just yesterday 
What sports do you like to play 
I like baseball and basketball 
How about football 
In my country football is brand new , so I never learned the game when I was younger 
It's a very popular game in America 
Yeah . I heard a lot about it . Is it really that fun 
For me , it's one of those games that are fun to both watch and play 
Are you a football player 
No , I just for fun with my friends . We play two hand touch or flag football . We're too old to play tackle football 
What is two hand touch and flag football 
Instead of tackling somebody , you just have to touch them with two hands , or if it is flag football , grab the flag that the ball carrier is wearing 
I see . It's safer then right 
Exactly . We play every Saturdays on the field by the tennis courts . If you want to learn and play a little , you're welcome to join us 
I'll give it a try . Give me a call and let's go down together 
Ok . I'll call you Saturday morning 
Great 
Do you like playing tennis 
I don't find it very exciting 
Maybe you haven't found the magic 
I can't wait 
Hello . I have a room booked for tonight , the 15th 
Alright and what is your name , please 
It ’ s Marcia Gleason 
Ah , yes , here you are Ms . Gleason . You reserved a single , right 
Yes , a single , thanks 
Do you mind being next to the elevator 
Actually , I ’ d prefer not to be 
Are you going to the party on Saturday 
I was thinking about it . Are you 
Yeah , I heard it's going to be a lot of fun 
Really ? Well , what time does it start 
It starts at 8
Well , who all is going to be there 
Everyone from school 
How do you know it's going to be so fun 
This party is going to have a DJ , food , and drinks 
Wow , that does sound like it's going to be fun 
So am I going to see you at the party 
Yeah , I will be there 
William , do you like studying English 
I like studying English , and I can read well , but speaking can be difficult 
It's not that bad . If you talk to your American friends every day , you'll learn quickly 
Can I ask you a question 
Sure , what do you want to know 
I have my book from class here . How do you say this word 
Laptop 
Sorry , I don't understand . What does that mean 
A laptop is a type of computer that you can carry with you . Do you understand 
Yes , I think so . Can you say it again 
Laptop 
Laptop . Did I pronounce that correctly 
Yes , that's right . That's very good 
Thanks . And this word ? How do you pronounce this 
That word is pronounced kitchen 
Thanks so much . You're a good teacher 
Thanks 
Would you mind doing something for me 
I would if I could 
Would you please explain the meaning of the word 
Yes , With pleasure 
Will you sit down , Mr . White 
Thank you . It's very kind of you to invite me to such a beautiful place 
I propose a toast to your pleasant tour in China 
Thank you very much 
This food is a Wax specialty . Please help yourself 
Thank you . Oh , it tastes nice 
Who has been here already this morning 
Well , Vince dropped off some sales reports for you.Said you signed a big deal with HomeSupplies.com 
They're small fry . Tonight I'm going to LA to negotiate with Stars.com . That'll be big 
You're right . All the entertainment web sites follow Stars.com 
Who else has been here 
Elvin stopped by to see me 
Elvin ? Which one is he 
Hello.this is Susan 
Hello , I ’ m Mark . I ’ m just wondering if you are free this weekend
Yes , I think So 
Good . I was thinking that I ’ d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate 
What ’ s the time 
Six thirty , tonight 
Oh , I ’ m sorry I can ’ t because I have to do some housework.You can ask Jenny to go with you
All right.Maybe next time I can go with you.Bye 
Good bye 
So , what do you think ? How do you like New York 
I'm having a great time . I love it . I'm glad we came 
Yeah . I really like the stores and the shopping 
I love the museums , too 
But the traffic is pretty bad 
Yeah . I hate all this traffic . It's really noisy 
Listen , it's almost dinnertime.There are lots of restaurant around here.What do you want to try ? Italian ? Greek ? Japanese ? Thai 
I can't stand making decisions . You choose 
OK . Let's go American . Where's the nearest McDonald's 
May I help you 
My daughter . She is missing . I don ’ t know where she is 
What dose she look like 
She has blond hair and blue eyes 
What was she wearing 
She has a yellow dress on and red sneakers 
When did you last see her 
I just saw her down the street . I don ’ t know where she is 
How long has it been 
Oh , it ’ s been uh ... fifteen minutes 
George , did you remember to buy the book 
Sorry , darling , I forgot 
When will you buy it then 
I promise you'll have it tomorrow 
May I help you 
I'm looking for a pair of shoes 
What size do you wear ? These shoes are on sale 
I wear size 36 . This pair looks nice . Can I try them on 
Of course , yes . They look nice . And they're not expensive 
How much are they 
They are $ 168 
I'll take them 
Will you give your friends a buzz and put out a feeler to see if they like to offer me a loan 
Give them a buzz ? What can I say to them ? Say that you want a loan 
I just want to make sure that there is possibility of giving us a loan 
And they , too , want to make sure their loan is worthwhile 
I want to say goodbye to everyone 
You ’ re leaving so soon . When are you off 
I ’ m catching the 9 fifteen train tomorrow morning 
How about I come and see you off 
You really don ’ t need to 
Ok . I ’ ll miss you . I hope we can see each other again soon 
I hope so , too . Thank you , Lily . Thank you for everything 
You ’ re welcome 
Please say goodbye to the rest of the family for me 
Ok . Take care . I hope you have a good journey 
Thank you . Remember to look me up if you ’ re ever in Washington 
Of course . I will 
Goodbye , then . Thanks again for everything 
Look ! That man who is baking bread is so handsome 
Watch his bread , it seems to be delicious . He had a lot on the ball 
Oh , my god ! He ’ s so perfect 
Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too 
I'd love to , the movies are smash hit 
Then let's go in 
I can't . I'm waiting for Paul , but he's late 
I'll say the movie's starting in the minute 
I know . I wonder what's keeping him 
Looks like he won't show up . He's done this before , hasn't he 
Yeah , a number of times 
What's he trying to pull anyway 
I don't know . But this is definitely the last straw 
Maybe you should start seeing someone else 
You said it . Ok , let's go in , Sandy 
Peter , why don't you go outside and play basketball with your friends 
No , Mum , I'd rather stay inside 
I just can't understand why you want to stay at home . It is such a wonderful day today 
I prefer staying at home and watching TV 
Didn't you just finish watching a basketball game on TV 
Yes , but a football game is next 
Oh , Peter . You really should go and play ball yourself rather than watching games 
I just enjoy watching games 
You really shouldn't watch so much television 
Er ... Alison 
Ohm , hello , Marcia . I was ..
I just wanted to congratulate you ! I mean , it was a good race and you deserve to win 
Well ... thanks , Marcia.It ' s very nice of you to say so . I mean ..
It was that final sprint ! You were great ! Really 
Do you really think so ? I mean , was I ? Er ... you ... must be disappointed 
What will happen to the children if you break up 
That's a relief for me and a misery for the children 
Why don't you make up with John 
It's too late 
He has a long head , I bet he will do well in his business 
He does , he started five years ago and now ends up the richest among us 
When we were students , he was no good in any subject 
It seemed to be useless to study well when we were young if we examine his case 
Drop me at the Manhattan Post Office 
Well , that's an hour's ride.Why not just post your mail here 
Oh , I'm visiting a friend there 
I see 
Excuse me , Miss , can you tell me where the bank is 
Yes , the bus doesn ’ t go there directly.You have to take the No . 26 bus for five stops and then change to a No . 16 bus and get off at the third stop.When you get off , you can see the bank 
How long will it take me to get there 
It ’ s about an hour 
I see.Thank you 
Not at all 
Good afternoon . Lotus Catering Company . Lilian speaking . May I help you 
Good afternoon . Lilian . This is Tom Baker over at Beck ’ s Trading company . We need to arrange a banquet for next Wednesday afternoon 
I see , Mr . Baker . How many people are you planning to invite and how much would you like to spend per person 
Well . We ’ re expecting about twenty-five people and we ’ d like to spend no more than $ 20 a head 
Was there an accident on the freeway today 
You haven't heard about it 
No , don't you know what happened 
This truck flipped over on the 210 
Are you serious 
I'm telling you the truth 
Did anyone get hurt 
Two people were injured 
Are they going to be okay 
I think so 
Well , that's a miracle that no one was killed 
Yes , they were lucky 
I'm famished ! Let's get some grub 
I'm in the mood for some chips and salsa 
Me , too ! The chips here are so light and crispy 
And they have tangy , freshly-made salsa , too . My mouth is watering already 
I'll go get the chips . What do you want to drink 
Surprise me 
Hi , Mr . Smith . what's new 
Nothing particular . But , ..
What's the matter 
I , I don't know how to explain it to you 
Go ahead . It's nothing serious . We are good friends , aren't we 
Yes , of course . But I'm afraid I can't tell you 
I'd like to check out 
Have you settled the bill 
No . I'd like to do that now 
OK , 400 Yuan please 
Steven , have you ever met Hanson ever since he went back to London 
No , but we still stay in touch 
What's the way you keep in contact 
We contact through email 
Email is not always the best form . I think QQ is way better 
Your words sound a bit reasonable . But don ’ t forget the time difference 
You're right 
Carrie , I want to buy a pair of leather shoes to wear for the interview tomorrow 
Why don't we go shopping 
Good idea . Let's go . Where should we go 
Let's go to Julian Store 
Have you seen the new girl in school 
No , I haven't 
She's really pretty 
Describe her to me 
She's not too tall 
Well , how tall is she 
She's about 5 feet even 
What does she look like , though 
She has pretty light brown eyes 
I may know which girl you're talking about 
So you have seen her around 
Yes , I have 
Hmm , what should I wear today 
Come on , you think about what to wear almost every day . There are thousands of clothes in your wardrobe 
Well , haven't you ever heard people say that there is always one piece of clothes missing from a woman's wardrobe 
I have and I can prove that is 100 % true for you 
Loving to look beautiful is women's nature . In fact , I am thinking about going to my favorite clothing shop today 
No kidding ! Again ? ! You just went shopping yesterday . You really are a shopaholic 
Well , I need to change the shoes I bought from Nasi . They are too small . I want to ask them whether they come in a larger size 
OK . Do you have the receipt with you ? I think they will ask you to show them the receipt first 
Hi , again . Can I get you some more fruit 
Actually , I don't think I can eat another bite 
OK . I'll go then 
Actually , I think we want to pay our bill 
If you give me your credit card , I can take care of it for you 
Excuse me.May I see the manager of your store 
I am the manager.Can I help you 
Oh , great , I saw a job ad outside your store . I am interested in the job advertised . I am coming to see if there is any opportunity available for me 
All right.Take a seat , please.Would you like to be a shop assistant or a cashier 
I can do the work of shop assistant and I worked part time in a small department store during my summer vocation last year 
So now do you want a full-time job or part-time job 
At present , both are OK for me.What do you need most , then 
Now we really need some part-time workers.You see , our full-time staff knocks off at five pm , but now we hope to extend the hours to eight pm.We need some part-time shop assistants to work 3 hours a day from five pm to eight pm.But I am not sure if you are qualified for the job.Since most of our customers are foreign , competence of good communication in English is necessary here 
I think I can . I have been learning English for almost 5 years and especially I am fluent at speaking English.Also , I have made some foreigners friends during the experience of learning English 
That is fine . I think you have the qualifications needed for the job , so I will let you have the job.Does the work schedule suit you 
It quite suits me . I am free in the evening these days , I will have no difficulty starting at five pm 
Good.There is only thing to be settled.Ten RIB an hour is the maximum we can pay you.Is the rate of pay acceptable to you 
It seems reasonable.By the way , I can get my earning raised with a excellent performance , can't I 
Sure.You will get more if you can invite more customers with your good service 
I see . I will try my best to do the job well 
That is good of you to say so.When can you start working 
How about next monday 
Ok.Let ' s make is next Monday . I n the end , you need to fill out the application form 
Thank you for your kindness , ma'am . See you next Monday 
Let me suggest this one . It's an excellent watch , it looks good , and it's only $ 100 
Hmm . That's not too bad . Does it have a stopwatch 
Uh , no . Analog watches don't come with stopwatches . You'll have to get a digital if you want a stopwatch 
Oh . I see . Where are your digital watches 
Right here 
I don't like this kind as much . Never mind the stopwatch then . I'll take that other one . Do you take checks 
Yes . Make it out to Time After Time 
Here you are 
Thank you 
Are there any beds vacant 
Yes , what kind of room do you want 
I prefer one facing the sea . Besides , it should have a shower 
Sorry , right now we can only have you a room without shower 
Well , that's fine 
Wake up sleepyhead.The sun is beginning to shine . What a lovely summer day 
Yeah , clearly blue sky.But it is a bit too hot for me . I don't like heat and humidity 
It's not that hot . It's cooler than yesterday . Let's go swimming 
That's a thought . It's still early , and the beach isn't crowded at this time of the day . If we don't stay too long , we won't get sunburned 
Yeah , sounds like fun . I can wear my new pink bikini 
There won't be anyone there to appreciate how cute you are 
Who cares ! Well , the smart guys get there early . That's the kind of guy I want to meet . Let's go 
If you are going to husband hunting in a bikini , then I want to wear one , too 
Ok , you could borrow one of mine 
Thanks , how about the green and black one 
No problem . Here it is 
do you need a hand 
no , I can handle it . Thanks anyway 
are you sure you don't need any help 
well , maybe just a little . I can't seem to make it fit 
I swear , the overhead compartments on these planes just keep getting smaller and smaller 
that's so true . thanks for your help . Are you in the aisle seat in this row 
yes . What about you 
I'm in the middle seat 
oh , I guess I'll let you through then 
thanks . sorry for making you get out of your seat again 
that's alright . I notice you have a few newspapers there . Would you mind lending me one 
no , not at all . Which one would you like--the New York Times or the Guardian 
I prefer the British paper , but I'll read whatever one you aren't going to read right away 
I was just going to do a little Sudoku while we wait for the plane to take off , so the Guardian is all yours 
thanks a lot . That's really nice of you . Would you like a piece of gum 
that would be great . thanks 
Good afternoon , CCL press.Jennisse speaking , How can I help you 
Good afternoon , I'm looking for Mr . Alert Li 
Oh , I'm sorry . Mr.Li is in a meeting right now . Can I take a message 
Sure . This is Nigel Smith his personal banker . Could you ask him to return my call 
Nigel Smith . Does he have your number , Mr . Smith 
It's 2781703 1 
2781703 1 . Sure . I'll make sure he gets the message 
Thanks so much , bye 
I see there are some workmen on the site . When is the building work due to start 
Well , it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris . We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23 
How long will the sub contractors be on site 
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan 
I'm sure it will . So , we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34 . I'll confirm that date with our suppliers 
What's going on 
Nothing really , you 
I'm throwing a party next Saturday 
Is that right 
Yeah , are you going to come 
I'm sorry , I can't 
Why not 
I don't really want to 
Well , why don't you 
I hate going to parties 
Well , that's okay 
Yeah , sorry 
What would you like to eat 
I'd like a hamburger with lettuce and tomato 
How about something to drink 
A Coke , please 
OK . I'll see if I can get waited on 
When can we expect you and your daughter for dinner ? Next Saturday 
Next Saturday ? I ’ m sorry . I ’ Ve promised to go to a Chinese Opera with my daughter 
How about Sunday then 
Yes , Sunday sounds fine . What time 
Does 6 thirty suit you 
It suits us fine . We ’ ll see you then 
Thanks , goodbye 
Post office offer lots of services nowadays , don ’ t they ? Years age , you only really used the post office to send mail , save money , and send or collect money 
Nowadays , they offer so many services , you hardly know which one to choose . Take mailing for example . Do you send something first class or second class or do you use EMS 
I save money in a post office saving account . There used to be just one kind of account , but now there are several . They each have different conditions and interest rates 
You can buy things at post office that were never sold there before . You can buy sweets and chocolates , newspapers , birthday and Christmas cards ..
Post offices are still the place to go to collect welfare benefits , like unemployment benefit and child support benefit . The queue are very long on the days when people collect those payment 
My son likes going to the main post office . They have a philately counter where he can buy stamps for his collection 
Do you think that the service at post offices has improved 
I think it ’ s better for some things , like sending and receiving money , but if you need to post something it sometimes takes longer than it used to 
I like being able to buy newspapers and magazines at the post office . It means that I don ’ t need to go to two places
Where to , madam 
Grand Central Station , please . I want to catch a 6 p . m . train 
I think you'll make it if we don't get stuck in a traffic jam 
Here is the Grand Central Station 
Thank you . How much is the fare 
The meter reads 9.15 dollars 
Here you are . Keep the change 
Thank you 
By the way , could you tell me what day it is today 
Well , it's Thursday today 
And the date , please 
The 5th 
How old are you , Su 
I am seven 
I see , you have seven candles on the cake 
Yes , I am seven . I am a big girl now 
We will have a party here , right 
Yes , come on , and we will have fun 
Zina , can I talk to you about something personal 
As long as it doesn't take too long 
My boyfriend says I work too much . That I spend more time with you than with him 
Was he upset when you told him you had to leave this weekend 
He said not to bother coming back . And I said , fine , I won't 
So what's the problem 
How much do you have budgeted for our trip to Las Angeles 
In total , it should be about $ 5,000 for the week conference . Would you like to see the breakdown 
Yes , I want to know exactly where the money is going . Give me a detailed report 
First we have the airline tickets , which are $ 500 per person ; with four of us going , that's t $ 2,000 . For our accommodations , we're spending $ 80 a night , per room , for five days . That's another $ 800 
Weren ’ t you able to find anything less expensive ? We're sharing rooms , right 
I have two people to a room . The $ 80 room rate is the lowest I could find . With the conference going on that week , all the hotels have inflated their prices , they're making a killing 
So far we have $ 2,800 , what else 
I have budget $ 25 per Peron per day for food expenses . That totals another $ 800 . And for other incidentals , like take fees , and tips , I have estimated about $ 400 
Well , that's only $ 4000 . Didn't you tell me your budget was $ 5000 ? Where is the rest of the money 
That's my buffer ... I wanted to leave a little room in the budget , just in case---it's better to be safe than sorry 
What should I do if I notice a fire 
Raise the alarm by breaking the glass of the nearest fire alarm . Call Security , say ' Fire ' and give your name and exact location . At night you should phone the fire service from the nearest telephone 
Should I try to put the fire out 
If you discover a small fire , you can try to put it out with a fire extinguisher but only do this if you have been trained . Make sure you use the right extinguisher . They are all colour-coded and contain different substances to put out the fire 
Excuse me.In this museum , you are not supposed to take pictures 
Is that right ? I didn't know it 
Will you give me your camera ? We have to confiscate your film 
Will you forgive me ? Could you return my camera 
We keep it and return it later 
Oh , I see.Then can I buy slides and picture postcards somewhere 
You can buy them at a souvenir shop near the exit 
Hi , my name is Tom 
Tom , the new sales representative ? Nice to meet you ! I'm Melinda 
Nice to meet you too.Melinda 
Now let me show you around . This is our reception area , and our conference room is right over there . Over there is the sales department 
Really ? This is a nice office , but it's quite small 
Yeah ... You can make photocopies and send faxes over there 
It looks like you guys work hard 
I tell you what just between you and me , we just mess things up so that it looks like we work hard.Just kidding . Oh , your cubicle is over the . And this way . Those are all private offices--the managers ' offices 
Hmm ... Tell me more details about our jobs 
Sure thing 
Would you like to go sightseeing tomorrow 
Not a bad idea 
What would you like to see in Beijing 
Well , let's see . I'd like to go to the Summer Palace 
I'll pick you up here tomorrow 
I need help figuring out how to use this phone 
Sure . First you pick up the receiver and hit one of the first 3 buttons . Do you hear a tone 
Yes , I hear the tone 
OK . Now you dial 9 on the keypad . Do you hear the tone change 
Yes , it changed 
Well , when you hear it change , that means you have an outside line . Where are you trying to call 
I am trying to call home 
OK . Well , to dial to the outside you just now dial the number . For a call inside the company just hit the extension number . Do you know the extensions 
Yes , I have a list of extensions 
Well , if you ever need help with an extension , you can dial O 
I'm afraid we can't increase salary this year , money is just too title 
I'm not sure I can't agree , dan
Why not 
Surely , there are other ways to save money 
What are you talking about , we tried everything 
I hear you're being sent to Madrid for the annual conference . Is that right 
Yes , it would be my first trip overseas . Actually , it's going to be my first time leaving the country 
Are you serious ? You haven't even been anywhere on vacation 
No , I have never vacationed anywhere exotic . But even if I don't get a chance to travel on my personal time , at least I can travel on company time 
Well , being able to go to the conference sounds like such a great opportunity . Have you applied at the embassy for a visa yet 
Yes , it wasn't too hard to get . All I had to do was fill out the paperwork and pay the application fee 
You leave next Tuesday , right ? What time is your flight 
My flight departs at 7 am . I have everything except for my luggage ready 
If your flight is leaving so early , I can take you to the airport and see you off . I'll still be able to make it into the office by 9 
That would be great ! Thanks a lot 
Excuse me , would you mind changing seats with me 
Not at all 
Thank you . That's very kind of you 
You're welcome 
What are you doing now , Steven 
I am reading a book about money management 
Oh , my God . Do you want to be a millionaire ? I can see you are very crazy about money 
Everyone wants to earn a lot of money . Don't you think so ? What's more , I am interested in money management 
No , you are wrong . Money can't buy happiness and health . I won't sacrifice my health in order to get money . In other words , I don't want to be a millionaire and I want to have more free time to enjoy life 
Oh , I see . But a proverb says " Money makes the mare go . " I think it will be better if you have more money 
Maybe you are right . Please take care of yourself when you make money . Anyway health is the most important thing 
Thank you for your caring . I will 
No thanks 
I haven't seen this machine before . What's it used for 
It's a really useful piece of equipment . It's for smoothing rough edges . Here let me show you how it works . It's very simple to operate 
What do you charge for the sports shoes 
$ 60 
Well , that's a bit stiff . Do you have some cheaper ones 
Yes , the shoes on that shelf are on sale now . They are much cheaper 
Excuse me , how long is the flight to Phoenix 
It's about 14 hours . We are supposed to land there at 19:00 
Is that Phoenix time 
Of course . We are already out of our motherland 
I can't find my glasses and I can't see anything . Can you help me find a few things 
No problem . What are you looking for 
My laptop , do you see it 
Yes , your laptop is on the chair 
Where's my book 
Which one 
The dictionary 
It's under the table 
Where's my pencil 
There's a pencil in front of the lamp 
That's not a pencil . That's a pen 
Oh , sorry . There is a pencil behind the cup 
How about my backpack ? Do you know where that is 
It's in between the wall and the bed 
Where are my shoes 
They're on the left side of the TV 
I don't see them 
Sorry , I made a mistake . They're on the right side of the TV 
Thanks 
Oh , and here are your glasses . They were next to your cell phone 
How do Mark and Jones compare , in your opinion 
Generally speaking , Mark's personality is much more agreeable than Jones
May I venture to ask if you've decided to employ Mark 
Possibly 
Can I borrow this magazine from you ? It's really interesting and I can't put it down 
I am sorry , but I can't lend it to you now , for I haven't finished reading it . If you don't mind , I can lend you some back numbers to you 
That would be very kind of you . By the way , is it a monthly magazine 
No , it is a fortnightly . So , you see , I can get the new one quite soon 
May I help you 
This dress is beautiful . May I try it on 
I'm afraid you can't 
What is the material of this dress 
It's 100 % cotton 
That's good . Can you give me a reduction 
It's already reduced 20 % 
Do you have any cheaper ones 
Yes . Please come this way 
Mr . Smith , I have been doing some industry research and was shocked to learn that the average salary for a position that is similar to mine pays on average $ 2,000 more per year than I am c
What are you basing this information on 
First and secondary research . I hope that you can address this concern immediately as i find it very disturbing 
Yes , I will.We are very happy with your performance and want to continue our woodworking relationship 
I wish the same . As such , I hope you will seriously consider a pay increase 
Let me take this up with the Director and get back to you immediately 
Hi , Mary , can I have a minute 
Sure , what's up 
Well , actually I want to tell you that I've put in notice 
Really ? Why 
Many reasons . I've been here for too long . Next year will be my five-year anniversary . I want a change of setting . Besides , our company is downsizing . I don't want to stay on just to be let go 
But they wouldn't lay you off ! You are the most experienced project manager in the company 
Maybe . But that's not kept the new boss from breathing down my neck . To be honest , I've got a better offer from another company 
Oh that's great , congratulations ! What's your new position 
Senior director of market research . In addition to a nice pay rise it has some nice perks , like a company car , one month paid vacation , and an apartment downtown . And it's an international company so I'll have lots of chances to travel and meet new people . I'm really looking forward to it 
Sounds a great opportunity . I bet that made the decision to leave a lot easier 
Indeed . But let's stay in touch . I'll let you know how things go 
Sure 
Could you show me how to operate this fax machine ? I am going to receive some urgent fax from a company 
Of course . Let me check it . Firstly , don't be frustrated about all the buttons on it 
That's right 
After overcoming these buttons , you should check whether there is any paper in the machine , you must make sure this 
I couldn't agree more 
And then prepare what you want to receive . If you want to send a photograph , you must copy one 
What can I do next 
The next thing you should do is to wait . The sender will give you the fax 
Look . Some of the faxes come through blurred . What is wrong with it 
Maybe we should call its after-service man 
Hi Michael 
Hi Amy . What's up 
I'm looking for the airport . Can you tell me how to get there 
No , sorry . I don't know 
I think I can take the subway to the airport . Do you know where the subway is 
Sure , it's over there 
Where ? I don't see it 
Across the street 
Oh , I see it now . Thanks 
No problem 
Do you know if there's a restroom around here 
Yes , there's one here . It's in the store 
Thank you 
Bye 
Hi , Mary , it ’ s been a long time
Hello , my old friend . Long time no see . How are you doing 
Well , I ’ m doing okay . And how about yourself 
Not so well . To be honest with you , I broke up with Tom 
Oh . I ’ m sorry to hear that . What happened 
I think modern painting means nothing 
I think so too . It's just pointless 
Then why are so many crazy about it
I don't know.Maybe they are really crazy 
Maybe 
You're late 
I know I'm late . I'm sorry . I tried to call you to tell you , but your phone seems to be disconnected 
My phone 
Yes . An automatic message says your phone is not in service 
Really ? I had no idea . Let me check.Yes , it's dead . There's no dial tone 
So I couldn't get through . I knew I'd be late because my car wouldn't start.It was too cold I had to warm it up in the garage with a heater . That's why I'm late 
But this is terrible . I'm expecting important calls 
About what 
You know what.The theater guild is supposed to call me and discuss a contract for my play.They are supposed to call me this evening.If I don't have a phone . Oh , what can I do 
Well , the only thing you can do is tell the phone company and hope they fix it fast 
Do you have a cell phone 
No . I hate cell phones.But you could go to a neighbor's house and use their phone 
Can you drive me ? I will go to Ann's house . It isn't far . I can call the theater guild from there and give them her number.She will let us wait in her living room 
Yes , of course I can drive you.So you don't want to get your phone fixed right away 
Yes , I do.At Ann's house I will call the phone company and have them check my line.If they can fix it right away without coming to my house , then we'll just return here.But if not , I need to wait at Ann's house to talk with the theater guild.It ' s very important to me 
Alright , let's go 
Yes , let's go 
Why didn't you sign the contract 
Because that company's behavior is not in accordance with international law 
May I help you with something 
I would like to return some books 
I ’ ll take them 
Here you go 
These books were due two weeks ago 
Yeah . I totally forgot they were due 
You will need to pay late fees on these books 
How much are the late fees 
The fee is 25 cents every day 
I have to pay 25 cents a day 
And that ’ s for each book that is late 
That shouldn ’ t be a problem 
Please help yourself to whatever you like , don't be shy 
Yes , thank you . I ’ Ve already been helping myself 
This dish tastes terrific . Would you like to try a little ? It is a little hot , but very good 
I like hot food , especially Sichuan cuisine 
Would you like another beer 
I'II have another cup of beer insist . I know I don't like to drink alone , especially there are someone sitting there next to me 
Come on , it's the weekend . Let's taste and enjoy this meal . Cheers 
Bottom's up , and you're right . This meal is incredible . I wish I had known this restaurant before . Thanks for bringing me here . I know I'll be back soon 
Good afternoon . Reservations . May I help you 
Yes , I'm calling from Tenga Company . I'd like to know if you have rooms available for the nights from October 8 to October 12 . We are going to have a business conference 
May I ask how many people there will be in the party 
20 persons 
What kind of room would you like 
Double rooms with twin beds 
A moment please , sir . Yes , I can confirm 10 rooms for those days 
Thank you . Is there a special rate for a group reservation 
Yes , there is a 10 percent discount 
That is fine 
Hi , John Phillips ? I ’ m Rose Green . I ’ Ve been asked to handle your training and introduce a little bit of the company to you . It ’ s nice to meet you 
It ’ s nice to meet you , too , Ms . Green . This company seems so big right now ; I don ’ t know how I ’ ll ever get used to it 
After a week , you ’ ll be running around here like a pro . Let me give you this list of departments first , next to each department is its location and the name of the manager 
Great – That ’ ll be big help , Ms . Green 
Can I borrow five bucks 
No 
Come on ! I'll pay you back on Tuesday 
Last time I lent you money , you never paid me back 
I promise if you lend me five dollars today , I will repay you in full next week 
Ok , but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral 
Fine ! I can't believe you don't trust me 
It's nothing personal , just business 
I've got a headache and sore throat 
How long have you had it 
It all started the day before yesterday 
I think you've got the flu . There's a lot of it about 
What should I do 
Take some medicine and stay in bed for a day or two 
Are you familiar with American-styled accounting 
I am afraid not . I haven't worked in an American company so far 
What are the most fundamental concepts underlying the accounting process 
The first is accounting entity , and the second is going concern . The third is measuring unit . The fourth is accounting period , and the fifth is objectivity 
Excuse me . I lost my way . Could you tell me where the scholar cinema is , please 
The Scholar ? Let me see . Oh ... yes , Of course I know . It ’ s in the Lincoln Square 
Is that near here 
Oh , yes . It ’ s just a few minutes walk . Turn left at the traffic light , and you ’ ll see it 
Thank you very much 
Hello Bill , what's new 
Bob and Mary are back together 
I'm glad to hear it 
Me too , they're such a nice couple 
Why do you change your job and apply for a translator 
This job is more challenging and I have longed to be a translator . That ’ s why I came here for an interview 
What do you think are the capacities for a success as a translator 
I think one needs common knowledge , specific knowledge , and professional codes to be a successful translator 
Where do you work 
I work at a hospital 
Are you a doctor 
No , I'm a nurse 
How are you today 
Very well 
Do you need help with something 
I need to make a transfer 
What account would you like to transfer the money from 
I want to transfer money from my savings account 
Where do you want the money to go to 
I want the money to be transferred into my checking account 
How much money are you going to transfer today 
$ 200 will be fine 
Is that all I can do for you today 
I won ’ t be needing anything else 
Can I order something from the kitchen 
Just tell me what you'd like , please 
A bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare would hit the spot 
I hate to tell you this , but we have no more filet mignon . May I suggest the porterhouse instead 
Sure ! Right now , I would even eat hamburger 
Have you ever tried chocolate-covered strawberries with champagne 
Thank you , but I just finished eating some chocolate-covered cherries 
That'll be a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and porterhouse , all charged to your amenities account 
Not a problem 
Please call if you have any other requests . Your food will be delivered promptly 
Do you have a minute 
Sure . What's up 
Have you been in America long , Hellen 
No . Only for a couple of weeks 
Where are you going to study 
I am going to register at Harvard next month 
What are you going to major in 
I am going to major in tourism . What about you ? How long have you been here 
For nearly four years 
Well . You should be able to give me some advice on where to stay . At the moment , I am staying in a hotel which is far away from the school 
Bob , I'm really upset with you 
I'm sorry , I didn't mean to forget our wedding anniversary 
You forgot it last year as well 
I know , I'm sorry 
So , are we all behind this new project 
I'm in favor of Maggie 
Ditto , it doesn't look too expensive either 
That's right , Nigel . I think we can keep cost down 
I can't see a problem . Let's give it a try 
excuse me , is this the way to the Greta Wall 
oh , it is really far from here . You ’ re going in the wrong direction actually 
I must have taken a wrong turn 
it doesn ’ t matter . Go back the way you came . After about five kilometers , you ’ ll see a hotel on the side of the road . It ’ s a big one . You can ’ t miss it 
and then 
take the next right . Drive about one click further , and you ’ ll see the entrance of the highway to the Great Wall 
thanks a lot 
you ’ re welcome 
by the way , how long does it take 
without traffic , it takes about an hour 
I heard the Great Wall closes early in the afternoon . Do you think I can make it before closing 
yes , I think so . It doesn ’ t close until 5 o ’ clock . You still have plenty of time 
great ! Thank you 
my pleasure , and have a good time 
Are you a goal-oriented person 
Yes , I am . I always make a plan before I do anything 
Where do you want to be in 5 years 
I don't want to have a specific title . I just want to enjoy what I am doing 
That sounds very reasonable 
It's the most important thing to me 
If you are hired , how long do you plan to stay with us 
That obviously depends on how things go - - whether I'm suited to the firm and the firm to me 
Tell me about some of your recent goals and what you do to achieve them 
I want to put my knowledge and experience to use in a challenging position . In order to achieve this goal , I just want to work step by step 
What is your long-range objective 
I haven't thought it over at all 
What do you think is the most important thing when looking for a job 
I think the most important thing is the interest in the job 
Darling , the airplane is going to take off . I have to go 
Take care ! I will miss you so much 
Do I have to take these books here if I want to renew them 
You can renew the books over the computer 
That's so convenient 
Mandy , Would you like to come for dinner tonight 
Dinner ? Where 
At the new Five Spices restaurant in Chaoyang 
What kind of food do they serve 
It ’ s Asian fusion . I heard it ’ s delicious 
Oh really ! That sounds lovely 
I hate to be the bearer of bad news , but it's that time of year again . Have you got your performance evaluations finished yet 
Oh no ! Evaluations ! You can tell that's not my favorite job ; I haven't even started yet . When is the deadline for turning in thecompleted forms 
Well , you do still have three weeks . But remember the employee must sign them , too . Filling them in is nothing - it's meetingwith the employees that takes so much time 
I never know how to rate the employees ' work . Of course attendance and productivity are easy , I just look at the sales figures 
So it's the subjective criteria like team building and colleague support that you find hard 
Exactly ! Attitude ... how do you rate attitude 
I suggest letting each employee fill out his or her own evaluation for those items . Then , based on their self - assessment , you can add your comments . It's a great starting point for discussion
Great idea . And after all , that's the whole point of an evaluation . I almost can't wait to give it a try 
Hello there . Is there anything I can help you with 
Yes , please . 70,000 US dollars is being transferred into our account 
Which company are you from ? I'll check your details 
I'm the accountant with Go Thong Computers 
Ah , yes . Mr Can , isn't it ? Yes , the money has been transferred successfully . But you'll need to change it into RIB before you can have it 
No problem . Can I withdraw all of it now 
You have an account with us , right ? If so , there shouldn't be any problem 
Excuse me , do you have A tale of Two Cities ? I'd like a copy of it 
Who is the author 
Charles Dickens 
Sorry , we ' re sold out right now.Please come back next week 
Ok , Thanks 
What happened to my cup 
I accidentally knocked it off the table and it broke . I'm really sorry 
Don't worry about it . I've got another one I can use 
Have you been taken of , miss 
I am Looking for a T-shirt 
We have quite a variety of shirts here 
What kind of material is this 
Silk . You have a good taste . It's excellent for its handiness , elegance and beauty 
Can I try it on 
Can I reserve a hotel room 
I assure you , that's not a problem . What is your full name , please 
My name's John Sandals 
It's a pleasure to assist you . Please tell me when you'll be needing the room , sir 
If my plans don't change , I'll need a room April 14 till April 17 
Sir , our room prices are slightly higher than you may have thought . Will that be okay 
Tell me how much it will be , and I can tell you if it's okay 
Only $ 308 per night , before taxes , of course 
$ 308 a night ? That's a fair price 
Now , as for the room , sir , do you prefer smoking or nonsmoking 
Nonsmoking , please 
Nonsmoking . Now , sir , does a single queen-size bed meet your approval 
I have absolutely no problem with that 
Queen , nonsmoking . Okay , sir , your room is reserved . Now if you'll just give me your phone number 
Not a problem . The number is 626-555-1739 
Thank you for making a reservation with us . We look forward to seeing you in April 
It sounds like Bob's getting out of bed 
What time did he come in last night 
It was after 2 am 
Who was he out with 
let's go swimming 
But , we just finished eating lunch 
I know , but I'm really hot 
I'd strongly recommend that you wait for a while before going swimming 
Good Lord ! Look at that man 
Yes 
He's swimming in the cold sea . He must be very strong 
Sure he is . Winter swimming does good to health , I hear 
Do you have any seat preference , madam 
Yes , could you please put me in the non-smoking section 
Would you like a window seat 
Yes , if any one is available . But not over the wing 
I am sorry , there is no window seat in the non-smoking room 
It doesn't matter , I will take an aisle seat 
Hello , Jack here 
Hello , Jack . It ’ s Mary . What are you doing in your office 
I ’ m working . I often work late on Thursday . I ’ m busy this week 
Would you like to come and have dinner with us on Friday 
Tomorrow ? No , I am afraid I won ’ t be able to . I ’ m going on business to Birmingham 
What about Saturday 
Sorry , I never go out on Saturday evening . I always watch football on Saturday evening 
Will you come round next Tuesday 
Next Tuesday ? Just a moment . It will be the twenty-first of May ? Oh , dear . Hum , I promised my aunt I ’ ll be at her birthday party 
What do you say next Wednesday then 
Let me see . Yes , Mary . Let ’ s make it next Wednesday 
Okay . Bye 
Bye 
Would you like a piece of birthday cake 
No , thanks , I'll pass . It looks very tempting though 
I thought strawberry cake with cream cheese frosting was your favorite 
It is . I'm on a diet and strawberry cream cheese cake is not on it 
A diet ? What for ? You are in great shape 
I went to the doctor the other day . My cholesterol is up 
Oooo . This sounds serious 
Not too serious . But he gave me a strict diet to help bring it down 
Hello . Overseas operator . May I help you 
Yes . I'd like to make a collect call to Japan 
Your name , please 
It's Helen Kent 
Who would you like to talk to 
I'd like to talk to Mr . Edna Kent 
Is that Mr . Edna Kent 
That's right 
What number are you calling from , please 
From code 513 , 432-6748 
And the number in Japan , please 
Country code is 81 , area code 138 , and the number is 846-8972 
Hold the line , please . I'll put your call through 
Is there anything I can do for you 
I'm planning a trip to Europe 
Have you decided which city you want to go 
Well , what's the price of this route 
That's $ 400 and we will visit 4 cities 
Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today 
Sorry , I can ’ t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class 
You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run so
Oh , I don ’ t know ... it ’ s hard to find the right nanny . You have to consider her previous work experience , the responsibilities you give her , and how she interacts with the kids . I would love to have
I think you should definitely consider it ! This way you won ’ t have to juggle such a busy schedule , and you ’ ll still get to spend time with the kids in the evenings . I can refer you this great
Oh , that ’ s great . Thanks Grace . Can you give me her number ? I ’ ll talk it over with Dan and give her a call tomorrow . Maybe this way I won ’ t be so tired every day , and Dan and I might even get to go
Good morning , Sir . Where are you going 
I ’ m going to England by flight BE987 
When is your flight 
10:00 AM . When am I supposed to check in 
we are checking in . May I have your ticket and your health certificate and your luggage please 
Here you are 
Are you keeping the small bag as carry-on luggage , sir 
Yes 
You must weigh that as well 
all right 
Your luggage is two pounds over . I ’ m afraid They'll be in excess luggage charge , Sir 
How much must I pay 
It ’ s ten yuan 
Here you are 
This is your luggage check Which You must show when you disembark at your destination and here is your boarding pass and your ticket 
Thanks 
Now , please wait until your flight is called . There's about twenty-five minutes to go 
I ’ m a little nervous . I ’ Ve never flown before 
There ’ s nothing at all to worry about . Once you are in the air , it ’ s just like sitting at your sitting room . It ’ s going to be a very pleasant flight 
Get up , you lazybones 
Just a minute 
Has your company been affected much by government legislation 
Yes , we have . We've had to clean up our production process a lot to meet tough government standards 
What about your use of raw materials 
Well , we've had to cut down the amount of solvents we use and we ’ re not allowed to use lead in our products any more 
What happens if you exceed the limits 
We try not to because you might have to pay quite a heavy fine 
I'm glad we came here . This is really delicious 
I was worried you would think it was too far to drive 
Well , it's true I've never driven two hours just to get lunch.But really , I think it's worth it 
I think if you try some more authentic Chinese food , you might understand how we students from Taiwan suffer 
How do you mean " suffer " 
I mean , in Milwaukee there is no good Chinese food.So we miss the food in Taiwan too much.Sometimes we just have to drive down here to Chicago to find something better 
Even in the winter 
Yes , even in the winter 
And even if it takes two hours , huh 
Why not ? I've been craving good food for three weeks now . I'm too sick of hamburgers and pizza 
Well , this really is delicious , I have to admit . I can understand better now why you and your friends are always whining 
Don't tease me ! Good food is really important to Chinese 
I know . I can see that . This is what is called " dim sum , " right 
Yes , all these dishes are different " dim sum " dishes.You can't find this kind of thing except for in a few cities in America 
So when you Chinese think of Chinatown , you mostly think of food . Is that right 
Of course . I will try to buy some things at the Asian grocery down the block too.Then I can do a little cooking in my apartment 
And maybe we can go to a good Italian restaurant for dinner , after the museum.Chicago has some great Italian restaurants 
No way 
What do you mean 
We're going up to the " new " Chinatown for dinner . I already know where we're going to go 
Alright , alright . I am happy to try more Chinese food.Will it be dim sum again 
No , dim sum is usually eaten around lunch time , or sometimes closer to breakfast.We ' ll try more Taiwanese style up at the " new " Chinatown 
Taiwanese style ? Isn't dim sum Taiwanese style 
No , dim sum is more Cantonese style.But of course you can buy it in Taiwan 
I wonder if you can cook things this good 
I'm a great cook actually . You will see 
Hi , you said that you might need some help with preparing dinner.What would you like me to do 
Thanks for coming over to help . I really appreciate it.First , could you peel the vegetables ? I ’ Ve put them all in the sink and there is a peeler 
Ok , I ’ ll peel the vegetables and you chop them . I ’ m terrible at chopping vegetables . I always seem to chop them into pieces that are either too big or too small.Wow , you can chop vegetables really quickly
After you ’ Ve chopped the vegetables , could you fry the meat in a little oil ? Just use a very small amount of oil.Fry the meat until it is cooked , then we will add some spices to flavor it 
Which spices are you going to add to the meat 
These ones here.The one on the left is very spicy , so we must be careful about how much we add 
Yes , we don ’ t want everyone to burn their mouths and have a drink gallons.of water.Ok , I ’ m really to do the meat.Should I cook it over a low flame 
Cook it over a high flame , so that it will be ready quickly.Keep stirring the meat around the frying pan.Don ’ t let the meat stick to the bottom of the pan 
Right.What are you doing over there 
I ’ m mixing the sauce.It ’ s my speciality . I make it according to my own secret recipe 
Mom , am I like a superman ? All I need is a cape 
No , just a super-boy 
Mom , you always think of me as a child 
Yes , because a real man doesn't need Mom to worry about him so much . He can do things by himself 
Sure 
Oh , my poor Danny , sure , you are a man . But you know , running like this in street is very dangerous 
Superman is not afraid of any danger 
Do you remember the rules of road safety 
What 
Walk the sidewalk and please right-hand side 
Don't play on the street or make any noise 
Yes , so you still remember , ah 
Dear Mom , please permit of superman's naughty 
Excuse me . My name is David Walker . Haven't we met before 
Well , let me see ... Do you work at IBM Corporation 
Yes , I do 
Now I remember . We met at a conference in Tokyo last year 
You won one million yuan in a lottery . What will you say 
I don't know . I'm too excited to say a word 
I understand . It's too good to be true , isn't it 
Yes , too good to be true 
Bob 
Anne ! I haven't seen you for ages.How ' Ve you been 
Fine , just fine.And you 
Not bad.It really is great to see you again.Where have you been 
Guangzhou . I've got a cousin there 
Is that your phone 
yes , it's my new business phone . Do you like it 
it's very impressive . Can you use the Internet on your phone 
yes , it's got wireless Internet access 
that's really convenient . Does it have the Bluetooth 
yes , but I don't really use it that often . Have you ever used it 
no , but I think it'd be really great for people like you who are always on the go 
yes , I guess I should try to use it 
does it have a camera 
of course it does . Doesn't every new phone include a camera these days 
I guess so . Would you mind if I checked my email quickly ? I'm supposed to be getting an important email this evening from a client 
sure . Here you go 
have you checked your voicemail recently 
no , why 
I think this icon means that you have a voicemail message 
oh , yeah . Probably . I don't really know how to use this phone yet 
do you want to listen to your messages first 
no , it's ok . Check your email first ; I'll check my unbox later 
I'm surprised you don't use more of the features on your phone 
I'm surprised you know so much about it . Where's your phone 
it quit working last week and I haven't had a chance to buy a new one yet 
how have you been living without a cell phone for a week ? hasn't it been driving you carry being without a phone 
it's not that bad . It kind of feels like I'm on vacation , not having to answer my phone all the time 
let's go shopping . You can't depend on public phones in this day and age 
Hi , Bill 
Hi , Jim 
Where is that cool guy , Dick ? I haven ’ t seen him for two weeks 
He ’ s been sick since he came back from Italy 
Bummer , I ’ m sorry to hear that , is he better now 
Yes , Doctor William said that he could come back to work ASAP 
Honey , I need to have a talk with you 
Dad , I have to do my homework 
No , honey , why didn't you go to cram school last night 
Dad , I don't want to talk about it now 
Honey , if you don't want to go to cram school , you should tell me the reason why 
I'm sorry , dad . But I would rather stay at school than go to cram school 
I have two finals this week and one oral presentation and I'm not ready for any of them 
Sounds like you will be doing some serious cramming till Friday 
I hate this part of school 
Why did you put it off until the last minute 
I didn't mean to . Things just kept taking up all of my time 
Maybe you got your plate too full this semester ? You can change that next semester 
I think I'd better . I have twenty four credits this time around . That might be a bit much 
I'll say . The regular eighteen is just about all I can handle myself 
Do you plan on voting this Tuesday 
Yes . What about you 
I already voted 
What do you mean you already voted 
I had to mail in an absentee ballot 
Why ’ d you have to do that 
I ’ m not going to be able to vote this Tuesday 
Why is that 
I have to work this Tuesday 
You can always go to work late 
That same morning I have some business to take care of 
Oh , I understand 
I am not sure what to do to get ready for my job interview 
Make sure that you understand the company . Do you understand what it is that they do 
No , I probably need to do some more research 
When you've finished your research it will help you figure out whether your company is rigid in philosophy or kind of more relaxed . Does that make sense 
I think that their attitude is rather casual 
So all of that information will help you to pick out what to wear . Do you have something to wear 
I have absolutely nothing so far 
You know I could go shopping with you sometime if you need it , but can we talk about other basics 
Yes , where should we go from here 
Focus on being relaxed and open , don't forget to smile and shake hands and be genuinely interested in what their company is about . I'm sure you'll do well 
Are you here about your ticket 
Yes , I am , Your Honor 
What is your argument 
Your Honor , the police officer pulled me over for speeding 
You must've been speeding 
No , Your Honor , I was not 
Tell me how many miles per hour you were going 
I was going 35 in a 40 mph zone 
That's fine , so I'll let you go with a warning 
So , I don't have to pay the ticket 
You won't have to pay the fine 
Thank you very much , Your Honor 
I am in hot water now , all the things seem to be blown up 
Don't be scared.Bite the bullet and everything will be right again 
Thank you for encouraging me . There are problems cropping up here and there . But I will over come them one by one 
How do you celebrate national day in your country 
There are parades in many cities and people fly the national flags from almost every public building 
What kinds of parades are there 
The parades are usually military ones , but sometimes there are procession of people carrying flags and singing patriotic songs . What do you do on national day in your country 
We don ’ t have a national day 
Really ? That ’ s unusual 
I guess it is . Most countries have on , but we don ’ t 
Actually , even though we have parades , most people just use the national day holiday to visit family or go shopping . In the evening , many people watch special TV shows which celebrate national day 
What's the matter with you , then ? You look miserable 
It's us 
What do you mean by " us " 
Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember 
What do you mean ? We ' re talking now , aren't we 
Oh , yes , but we used to do so much together 
Yes . I remember . But we never used to argue . You used to think I was wonderful . Where are you going 
Back to live with my parents . That's something else I used to do before we were married . Remember 
Let ’ s play a game 
OK ! How about Scrabble 
No , no , a friend of mine taught me this really fun game . I ’ m going to describe someone ’ s face , and you guess who it is 
OK 
Let ’ s see . He has a roman nose , bushy eyebrows and dimples 
Our cousin Pete ! My turn ! She has a pointy nose , sunken eyes and a mole on her chin 
Aunt Rose ! That mole is so huge ! OK , my turn . He has a crooked nose and full lips . He has quite a few freckles and an oval face . Oh , he is also bald 
Your future husband 
Not funny 
Has Robert ever missed coming to one of our parties 
Only once or twice at the most 
Do you know why 
I have no idea 
Hello , ladies . I'm firing up the grill . We can eat in an hour or so 
Chips , finger foods , desserts , baked beans . Where're the pork and beef strips 
Yi-jun , we're in the States . Here it's all burgers , steaks , and dogs 
Ah ... hence the buns and condiments we bought . And this is Holly's potato salad 
You can put stuff on the picnic table . Back to work . The grill is calling me ..
Let me know if I can help 
I hope the host team loses 
That all depends on how the visiting team shapes 
According to the papers , the visiting side is a strong team in America 
But two players of the team have been booked and one is out 
Billy , you are late again 
I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today 
Yes he ' s in his office 
Oh , I hope he didn't notice me 
Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you 
You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me 
I think he might . You'd better go to his office 
You are probably right . I'll go right now and apologize . I try hard not to be late but it is difficult with Beijing traffic 
Good luck 
Do you mind if I ask you a question ? If it ’ s too personal you can forget it 
I don ’ t mind at all . You can ask me anything . We ’ re friends 
Have you got a scholarship , or are you on your own 
I have a scholarship from my government for four years . How about you 
I have a tuition scholarship from the university . Otherwise I ’ m on my own 
Do you mean that you ’ re self-supporting ? I didn ’ t even know you had a job 
Oh no . My family supports me . And believe me , changing foreign money into dollars is heart-breaking . You seem to get so little in return 
Yeah , I really know the feeling . I can ’ t wait to graduate so I can get a good job and earn my own money 
I Don't know how they do it ! Our competitors have undercut us by 10 % percent on the price of our latest model . There is no way will be able to compete against that . We're barely breaking even with the present prices 
These price wars are disastrous for our bottom line . If they're charging 10 % less than we are , we've got to find a way to lower our price while keeping our profit 
Profits are almost nonexistent now , we can't beat their price . How do they keep their price so low 
We can try to lower our cost of production then . We need a price that we can compete with , something comparable with the competition 
You really think we can make it ? I don't have much faith in our ability to lower the price again . We're no match for them , the competition will beat us hands down 
How's your new work , Carl 
A tough job . They even offer in-service training every Wednesday afternoon 
Good for you 
I don't like it . I am not used to this kind of 9 to 5 work hours . Above all , I hate talking to those poker faces everyday 
Well , you have to take the bad with the good 
I guess so . I am badly off and I need this job 
Do you think you will ever work at that company again 
When pigs fly 
Do you have the five dollars I lent you yesterday 
Oh I forgot ! I'll run home real quickly and bring you the money 
You don't have to go right away 
I'd hate for you to think I was lazy in returning your money 
He was once a poor man but now he is a man of means 
How did he make a fortune 
He didn't make any effort . His aunt died and left him a fortune 
what's your apartment like 
it's furnished two bedroom flat in a three-story building on campus 
what is it like living in on-campus housing 
it's not as bad as I thought it would be . The freshmen that live nearby are really loud , especially on the weekends . But , the rent is much cheaper than private housing , so it's worth it 
did you have to pay a deposit 
no , but we do have to pay 9 months rent in 6 months , so for the first months we pay 1/2 month's rent each month 
do you have to pay utilities on top of your monthly rent 
no , it's all included . Besides , students don't have to pay council tax , so we're saving quite bit of money by living here 
how long is your contract for 
that's the bad thing---the contract ends in June , so we'll have to find a new apartment soon 
have you started looking again yet 
not yet . I'm hoping we'll be able to find something cheap once all the students leave the city for the summer 
Good luck 
How may I help you 
There ’ s a problem with my check 
What problem 
My check for $ 100 bounced 
Are you sure you have $ 100 in your checking account 
I thought I did 
I ’ ll check for you 
Thank you very much 
It looks like you only have $ 57 left in your account 
That can ’ t be right 
That ’ s what my computer is showing 
All right . Thank you very much 
I need to use the ATM 
What ’ s stopping you 
I ’ m not sure how 
I don ’ t understand 
I ’ Ve never used one before 
I can help you figure it out 
What do I have to do 
Slide your card into the machine 
Then what 
You need to type your PIN in 
What do I have to do next 
Click on whichever option you want , and you ’ re done 
Excuse me , miss . Could I have something to drink , please 
Sure , what would you like 
Is it possible to get a beer 
Why don ’ t you have a water or juice instead , so you don ’ t get dehydrated 
You ’ re right . I ’ ll save the beer for when we land . One orange juice , please 
Hey ! I have a surprise for you 
What is it 
Open this card and read 
A trip to China for summer vacation . Wow ! What a wonderful surprise ! Thank you . This is the best surprise I've ever had 
What separates your product from the competition 
Our product features inventory tracking software , which continuously updates and tracks your inventory on a real-time basis 
Is the software user-friendly 
Yes it is very easy to use and each system installation comes with a 3 - day employee training seminar 
Is this training part of the package or will it cost extra 
Our quoted price includes the software system , installation , 3 day training seminar and ongoing troubleshooting.There are no hidden costs 
Are you feeling OK 
My stomach is bothering me 
What have you been eating 
I had a ham sandwich with mayonnaise for lunch 
Maybe the food had something wrong with it 
It could be bad food , but I didn ’ t feel so well yesterday , either 
Have you been under a lot of pressure lately 
I haven ’ t been under any more stress than usual 
Perhaps you have caught that bug that is going around 
I feel like maybe I am coming down with the flu 
Excuse me , could you tell me the bookshop ’ s address 
Yes , the bookshop is just around the corner.Turn left and you ’ ll see the bookshop 
Thank you very much.By the way , is the hospital beside the bookshop 
Right , if you see the bookshop , you can see the hospital 
Thank you for your help 
Not at all 
Food is less expensive in a cafeteria , because you serve yourself 
How to do it 
Just pick up a tray , then put a knife , a fork , a spoon and a paper napkin on it and stand in the line 
How long will it take to reach the buffet 
Not long , because people rush for lunch 
The line sure does move fast 
Tell the man behind the counter what you want 
OK . I like that green vegetable but I don't know how to call it 
Just point to it if you don't know the name 
All right 
Did you see that 
No , I missed it 
How could you miss that 
Someone was in the way 
Daniel , I can't catch up with the English teacher very well 
What's the problem 
You are quite good at English , can you help me with it 
That's OK . But you'd better take an additional course in some English schools 
English school ? What is that 
This kind of school is good at helping people to improve their English 
Is that different from our school's English course 
Yes , before you start your training , they will test you on your English first 
What's the problem ? You don't look happy 
I failed my oral test 
How come 
I'm not practicing enough 
Why don't you go to the English corner to talk to your classmates in English quite often 
When I talk to Chinese , I always want to speak Chinese 
You should always keep in mind , the more you practice , the better English you can speak 
Hi , Zhengjun , what make you so happy 
You know what , I've just got a new job with a computer company 
Oh , congratulations 
OK , Dead Man . If this doesn't start your engine , nothing will 
Thank you . Hey , do you know how espresso got its name 
No , I don't 
It's because of the way the steam and boiling water are pressed through the coffee . Es-PRESS-o , get it 
Uh , are you sure about that ? I thought espresso was an Italian word 
You seem to be very tired 
Yes , I have been working for eight hours 
Why don't you join us to go out for a walk 
No , really . I'm not in the mood for it 
Wow , it all looks so good . I ’ m not sure what to choose 
I can recommend the spare ribs . They are very tasty here 
Actually , I ate too much pork yesterday . I fancy a change 
Ok why don ’ t you order the braised fish then 
That sounds like a good idea . It looks very big though 
Don ’ t worry . I ’ ll help you eat it 
It looks delicious . I will order it 
I am sorry , sir , it's for 4 persons to have . I think it's too large for you 
Would you please make it for a single person 
Sorry , sir . We have never done that before 
Is this the Law Firm of A & B 
Yes , sir.how can I help you 
I need to speak to an attorney regarding filing corporate govemance 
You would need to speak to Ms.Stevens 
Is she available 
One moment , please , and I will connect your call 
May I help you 
Yes . I'm looking for a green dress 
What size do you wear ? These dresses are on sale 
I wear size 32 . This one looks nice . Where may I try it on 
Come this way . Here's the dressing room 
How does it look 
It looks nice . And it's not expensive 
How much is it 
It's only $ 20 
I'll take it 
Canton Hotel 
I'd like to reserve a double room . I will be arriving next Monday , the 12th . My name is Wilson 
A double room for the 12th ? The name is Wilson 
Yes , that's right 
How long will you be staying 
Three or four days , perhaps longer 
Very good , sir . We will be expecting you next Monday , the 12th 
Drive me to Kennedy Airport , please 
I'm sorry.My car's taken 
Where is the next taxi stand 
Not far away.It ' s over there 
How are you doing today ? How many in your book today 
Fine , thank you . There be five of us . The rest will be along shortly 
Smoking or non 
Non-smoking is fine , thank you 
Right , this way , please . Something to drink first 
Just water , please 
Wold you like to see menu first or wait for your friends 
I wait , but please bring me some bread . Maybe I'd like to have some appetizer before they get here . Please give me the menu , and let me have a look 
Certainly , sir . If you need anything else , please let me know , and I'll be happy to get it for you right away 
I know in your resume that you have worked in your present company for 3 years , can you tell me why you want to leave your present job and join us 
Because the job I am doing in my present company is of no challenge , but I like challenge.Your firm is a young organisation with many innovative ideas . It has been very successful in an expanding market since its establishment 10 years ago . Working for you would be exactly the sort of challenge I am looking for 
Why do you think you are qualified for this position 
I have excellent communication skills and I am familiar with the procedures for the last company I worked for . Besides , I am a team player and have great interpersonal skills 
I like the Honda Accord you showed me before . I think it's more practical for my needs 
Alright , sir . You are making a good choice . Honda has made a lot of design improvements in the new Accord 
What does it come with standard 
On all our new cars , the standards include
Cruise control ? I don't like that 
Why not , sir 
I think it's dangerous . What if I can't turn it off 
Well , sir , I know some of our customers are concerned about cruise control . But Honda has never had a single cruise control malfunction that led to an accident 
I wish it didn't have cruise control . My wife doesn't like it either 
You know , sir , you don't have to use it . You can turn it on or off . If you don't want to use it , you just never turn it on 
I suppose . And What about the sunroof ? Is that standard 
No , the sunroof is optional , sir 
I see 
Welcome 
Would you give me a bottle of beer , please 
With ice , sir 
No , ice will spoil the taste 
Anything else , sir 
Yes . Something non-alcoholic , please 
Fruit juice , milk or mineral water 
A glass of juice please 
Coming up immediately 
The central Hotel , please . I have to be there by 6:00 
We shouldn't have any trouble if the traffic isn't too heavy . Is this your first trip here 
Yes . I've never been here before 
You haven't seen the sights yet , have you 
No , I'm open to suggestions 
Why don't you visit the Great Wall first 
That's a good idea 
Here we are . That will be seven yuan and seventy cents 
Thanks a lot . Here's ten yuan . Keep the change 
What's up ? You look low 
It's my girlfriend . I guess she's playing the army game 
How come 
I saw her dating with her ex-boyfriend again 
I understand that . But I think maybe it's not a date . You are taking the matter too much to heart 
Maybe . But it still gets on my nerves 
I would like to open an account please 
Do you have any form of ID 
I have my Tennis Club card . Is that good enough 
I ’ m afraid not . It has to be a passport or a valid driver ’ s license 
Oh ... wait a minute ... here ’ s my driver ’ s license 
OK , just fill in this application . You can sit over there . This brochure explains our services . We have free checking , and you will be given a debit card and on ATM card . There is no service
OK , I ’ ll fill out the form and come right back 
Hi , is this the Resume Writing Workshop 
Yes , this is the Resume Writing Workshop . Welcome 
I really don ’ t know that much about putting together a resume 
It ’ s easy . Don ’ t worry about it 
What ’ s the most important part 
Well , the most important thing we need to do is make sure that our name and contact information are across the top 
What comes next 
You can either list your job experience next or your education--whichever is the most impressive should be first 
Can I list my interests next 
Sure , that would be a good place for them 
You have an unusual accent , Mr . Robbins . Where are you from originally ? If you don ’ t mind me asking 
Not at all . I was born in Madrid , but I came to the States when I was a teenager 
I guess that must be what I ’ m hearing , I really couldn ’ t place it . Do go back to Madrid often 
No , I haven ’ t been back for more than ten years 
Good morning , madam . Can I help you 
Good morning . I ’ m looking for a new jacket 
Our jackets are over here next to coats and accessories 
I like this jacket . Can I try it on 
Of course . The changing rooms are over there 
Thanks 
Your assistant said that it was time to come in and sign my escrow papers 
Don ’ t be intimidated . There is a lot to sign , but I will explain everything to you very clearly 
Do you need anything from me 
All the papers have been drawn up , but I will need to see your picture ID so we can notarize these papers 
There are a lot of papers 
We are going to go through these bit by bit . You will have plenty of time to read the fine print 
My dad is going to be here in a minute to help me go through this with you 
We want you to get any outside help that you need . Do not ever sign documents that you don ’ t understand 
Can I start moving in after I finish signing these documents 
When these papers get processed , the house will be yours 
Ugh . Another advertisement . They ’ Ve added two hours of advertisements to a two hours movie 
Yeah . We ’ re never going to get to the end of this one 
Why are we watching it anyway 
Well , it does have a lot of girls in it 
True . True 
Do you think Bruce Willis just drank a Coke for his health 
Really ? Did Coke pay him for that 
Of course 
You want something to drink 
Yeah , Got a Coke 
Sure 
Hurry , the movie is coming back on 
How should I dress for the party 
Dress casually 
Good morning , may I help you 
We'd like to take a tour to Florence 
That's a beautiful city . When do you want to go there 
We have got a 2 weeks ' vocation and we plan to leave on Thursday 
Then please have a look at the table , there are so many plans 
What's wrong , Bob 
I was wondering if you could company me to the Ball 
Of course , I will 
That's great . I'll pick you up at eight 
Hello . Can I help you 
Hello . Is my laundry ready ? My room number is 210 
I'm afraid it is still being washed 
Can you take the stain off 
Yes , we can . But you need wait a moment 
That's right . Can I get it back in the afternoon ? I really need them tonight 
Yes , it will be ready then 
OK . By the way , please get them pressed 
No problem 
How do you arrange this summer vacation 
I want to travel 
Where would you like to go 
The seaside 
That's really a good idea . Taking a walk on the beach and lying in the sun are pretty good . I recommend you Qingdao or Dalian 
I ’ Ve been to Qingdao before , so I ’ ll choose Dalian . I've heard that the environment there is very good 
Yes , that's a good place to spend a holiday . Last year I went there . It's really 
Thank you 
let's go out for a walk 
I don't really feel like a walk 
Well , shall we go to the cinema 
All right.That sounds more interesting 
Merry Christmas , Lily 
The same to you , Joey 
This is your first Christmas in the US . Here is the gift for you 
It's very thoughtful of you . Wow , it is so beautiful . Could you tell me how American people celebrate Christmas 
Ok . People decorate their houses , place a Christmas tree in the room and maybe sing a Christmas carol together 
How would you like your hair cut 
I want it short 
Then , I'll just trim it 
It will do 
Are you busy next Saturday 
No , why 
I need to get a costume for a fancy dress party , and I reply don't know what to get . Will you come shopping with me 
Sure I like shopping . Who is organizing the party 
One of the girls in my office 
What's the occasion 
There is no specie occasion . She just likes to organize parties from time to time . This time it is a country theme 
That's easy , how about a cowgirl ? Oh I know even better , a Canadian Mountie 
Well where am I going to get that sort of costume 
Leave it to me . I know exactly where to find it 
Oh good 
Excellent , come over at ten o'clock and we will start at the shopping center , the one around the corner from my house . They have just the shop we need 
We'll get a big bonus this year , won't we 
Don't count on it 
Welcome , what would you like to order 
I would like to get a double cheeseburger 
Would you like everything on it 
I would like everything on it , thank you 
Do you want any fries 
Let me get some large curly fries 
Can I get you anything to drink 
Sure , how about a medium Pepsi 
Is that everything 
That'll be all . Thanks 
You're welcome , and your total is $ 5.48 
Thank you . Here you go 
Are you all right 
I will be all right soon . I was terrified when I watched them fall from the wire 
Don't worry.He is an acrobat 
I see 
Let's begin by having you tell me about yourself and your background 
I have been working as a paralegal for the last 10 months through an agency that specializes in the legal field . My experience has been supporting attorneys in the field of labor law , where I have been able to apply my paralegal education . I was commended on my ability to take information and break it down into usable facts . I really love research and analyzing facts . My major in college was English , and as a result , my writing skills are my major strength . I am looking for a position where my research and writing skills can be used 
What do you think are the key qualities needed to succeed in the paralegal profession 
Flexibility would certainly rank high in this type of job . In my last position , I supported four lawyers , and it was not unusual for them all to give me high-priority items to do in the same day or week . There were days when I had to stop and prioritize my work just to get a handle on everything . I would discuss the urgency of their work with each of them so I didn't drop the ball . At the same time , I made sure each of them felt like his or her project was important on my agenda . I think communication is probably the next key quality . It really worked well when I talked with each of them , explained my situation , and got their input 
Can you give me an example of a time when you had to work above and beyond your job description 
There was a very important project that had to be researched and completed by the end of the week . Even though I worked extra hours every night for almost two weeks , my boss and I stayed until 2 a . m . for two nights before the final wrap up . It was very rewarding to have put so much effort into a project and see the really great results . My boss gave me a bonus for my extra effort 
Tell me about a time when you had to research a case and encountered some obstacles you had to overcome 
I remember a case that was filled with obstacles . The first thing I did was research through documents and past cases that had similar circumstances . I assembled the facts and then tried to put them together and analyze the next step . I was able to get some input from another lawyer I happened to see at lunch . Through some hard work and fact digging , I was able to find a way to overcome most of the obstacles . I took my findings to my boss and made some recommendations , which she and I discussed and eventually resolved.My boss was impressed with the work I had done 
What are your strengths and weaknesses 
My strengths are my caring about getting the job done . I am very results-driven and have been able to meet all my deadlines in past jobs . As far as weaknesses , I really enjoy my work , and sometimes I put in too much time . But I am aware of my tendency to overwork and have learned to pace myself more 
Tell me about a time when you had a confrontation with a coworker or boss 
I did have an issue with someone who was getting on my nerves . I asked her if I could talk with her one day , and we had a good discussion . It turned out she was not aware of the impact of her actions and that she really needed an explanation of the procedure . I took the time to explain the procedures , and there haven't been any problems since that day 
When do you find a job satisfying 
My biggest satisfaction is when I experience growth in a job . When I first started as a paralegal , I had a lot to learn . But through hard work , advice from some good mentors and continuing education , I have come a long way . I've learned to be flexible when possible and to deal with difficult people in a positive manner 
How would your coworkers describe you 
First , they'll say I have a lot of energy and enthusiasm . I really enjoy working with people . Secondly , they'll say I had great customer service skills . I put the customer first . And thirdly , they'll say that I know the law . I put a lot of effort into my education as a paralegal and take it seriously 
Do you have any questions 
Yes , I do . On a scale of one to 10 , what would you say morale was in this company 
Why are you going out with Andy 
Because I like him 
Me , too . I think he ’ s really a shoulder to cry on 
Let's start the interview with some questions . Tell me about yourself and your past experience 
I have 10 years financial industry experience , working for several companies . For the past two years , I have been working in an investment banking . In addition to my analytical mindset , I have a background of solid accounting principles . I am a team player and have great communication and interpersonal skills . I thrive on challenge and work well in high-stress environments 
What finance experience have you had that qualifies you for this position 
My background and experience include working on a variety of projects and jobs in the financial industry . Most of my experience has been behind the scenes , doing the calculations . I want to work with clients and continue to grow and be challenged 
Why did you leave your last position 
I'm not finding the work as challenging as I used to . I want to find a job that is stimulating , where I can grow 
What are your strengths and weaknesses 
One of my strengths is my ability to be flexible . I've seen companies go through many changes in structure and management philosophy . I've had to adjust my style to the new environment several times . As far as weaknesses , I really enjoy my work , and sometimes I put in too much time . But by being aware of my tendency to overwork , I have learned to pace myself more and work less overtime 
How would your boss describe you and your work style 
She'd say I have a lot of initiative , I see the big picture and I do what has to be done . Second , I always meet deadlines . If I say I'm going to do something , I do it . Lastly , I have the ability to focus on what I'm working on I am not easily distracted 
What are your salary expectations 
I'm sure whatever you offer will be a fair amount for a person with my qualifications . Salary is not the most important factor to me . I'm looking for opportunity 
Do you have any questions 
Yes , I do . What do you see as the future trends for the industry 
What's the weather like 
I don't know . I just woke up 
Why don't you look outside 
Okay . It looks like rain 
Why do you say that 
The sky is gray 
Is it raining right now 
No 
How do you know 
The street isn't wet 
I have to go shopping today 
You'd better take an umbrella 
Hello , Ann ! Is that you 
Yes , it is . Hi , Tom ! It's a real surprise to see you here 
It's been a long time ! What's new 
Nothing much . What about you ? Is everything going well 
Not bad I guess . I just got back from Hawaii 
How was it 
I had a good time . You seem to be in a hurry . Don't let me hold you up 
Sorry , I've got a meeting in half an hour 
Ok , I won't keep you then 
Great ! It's good to see you . Goodbye 
Yes , stay in touch . Bye 
Give me your email , would you 
Sure ! It's txyb@gmail.com 
Good afternoon , anything I can do for you 
Yes , I am after some sugar 
Well , we have some nice sugar 
Can you show me the way , please 
Sure , follow me 
Hey , Zina . You're here early today 
Yeah , I'm going to be making phone calls all day . What a blast 
I just wanted to say thanks for putting us on the map so fast . I appreciate it 
Save it , Vince . After I put my first million in the bank , I'll say you're welcome 
Fair enough.Keep up the good work 
Can I help you , sir 
Yes , I've been sitting here for a few minutes . I'm waiting for someone to put gas in my car 
I'm sorry , sir . But this is the self-service pump 
Self-service 
Yes . You must fill up the car yourself 
Are you serious 
Yes . Are you traveling here 
Yes , I'm from Taiwan . I never heard of a gas station where you fill up your own car 
In America , most gas stations are like this 
Do I really have to do it ? I don't know how 
Well , since this is your first time , I will do it for you.But next time , if you want a full-service gas station , you should look at the sign 
What sign 
Under the sign for the gas station , there will be a smaller sign that says Self-Serve or Full-Service.And some gas stations have both.But if they have both , some pumps will be self-serve and some will be full-serve.You have to look at the signs 
I see 
Why don't you go out with Jack 
He makes me sick 
Excuse me , but is this dress on sale 
The dress was on sale yesterday 
Are you sure ? I'd be happy to pay the sale price today 
I'm so sorry , but rules are rules 
OK , I'll just check out a few other stores 
I'm sorry I couldn't help you 
Ladies and gentlemen , welcome to tonight's fashion show 
We see you are all dressed to the nines 
How very appropriate , because tonight we have a most dazzling show for you 
Yes , this runway is going to sparkle with glamour and style 
Some of tonight's highlights are dressed in the latest straight from Shanghai 
And others directly from New York 
So , sit back and relax and get your order forms ready 
Because you're going to love this show 
What sights are included on the tour ? Is the entire time spent in Paris 
All of the major sights are included . You'll visit the Louvre , the Eiffel Tower and all of the top museums . You'll also take a day trip out of Paris to Versailles 
Can you fax a copy of the tour itinerary to me 
Of course . Just give me your fax number 
It's 212-331-7600 
Okay . I'll fax the itinerary to you immediately 
May I help you at all 
Yes , please . My son wants to go overseas , to England , to do his Master degree . I wondered if you offer any kind of loan that could assist him in doing so 
We certainly do . I can give you some details about a loan called Personal Loan for Studying Abroad . We offer this to anyone who will study outside this country 
I see . What does it entail ? I'm not sure if we will be eligible 
This loan is specially provided for people who are studying overseas to pay for their tuition fee and other sundry items 
So , we could use it to pay for my son's living expenses , not just his tuition 
That's right . The sundries could include accommodation , text books and so on . The guidelines are not so strict , you see 
That is good to know . Just think ! We've been worrying about this for weeks and just a short visit here and my mind is at ease . Thank you 
What are you thinking 
I ’ m thinking about where we shall spend our vocation 
It ’ s about 7 o ’ clock . let ’ s have our breakfast first 
Ok , dear.We will be late 
What do you want 
A ham salad sandwich 
Sorry , I didn ’ t prepare this 
Then , I ’ d like some eggs and bread for breakfast instead 
Ok , I ’ ll have it sent to you immediately 
Harry is so down that he won't talk to anyone 
I know only too well what that's like 
What do you mean 
I was very sad when I was laid off last year 
have you ever been in an earthquake 
yes , I experienced one when I was in Tokyo once . The tremors only lasted a few seconds though and then it was over 
do you know where it measured on the Richter scale 
I don't remember , but it wasn't very serious . Have you ever been in an earthquake 
no , but I was in quite a few tornados when I was younger 
where are you from 
I'm from the plains of the Midwest . It's a prime location for tornadoes 
did your house ever get damaged from the winds 
most of the time we were lucky , but once a tree from our front yard was ripped out by its roots and ended up in our living room 
wow , that must have really been scary 
actually , some of my fondest memories of my childhood were of spending time with my family in the basement waiting for the tornados to pass 
have you ever experiences a flood 
no , but my father's car was destroyed in a flood once . It actually happened the day after he bought the car 
that sure didn't last long 
How do I know if I qualify for unemployment benefits 
Are you working fewer hours than you used to work 
I got laid off 
You usually qualify if you got laid off or are working a lot fewer hours 
Do all jobs provide unemployment 
Most jobs provide unemployment , but some don ’ t 
Do you think that my job pays unemployment 
You can call your unemployment office , and they can check for you 
Will I be able to collect a lot of money on unemployment 
There is a formula to determine the amount based on how much you earned . They will let you know when you file your claim 
Have you been feeling OK lately 
My coach wants you to check my blood pressure 
Has anyone ever told you that you had high blood pressure 
I don ’ t have any symptoms of high blood pressure 
People with high blood pressure seldom know they have it , which is why we call it the silent killer 
What test do you do for high blood pressure 
We will pump air into this cuff to get a reading 
When you get the reading , what information does it give you 
It tells me how hard your heart pumps blood and how much your arteries relax at rest 
I am hoping that this test goes well for me 
I swear I will never shop at a street market in China . It's a terrible place full of excellent profiteers ! You have to keep an eye whenever it comes to paying for something 
cool down , Harry ! What are you really mad about ? Did you get ripped off 
yes . Last Sunday I went to a nearby market . It was on open-air fair . I chanced upon this bag and bought it on the spot , without even trying to strike a bargain . I paid one hundred and twenty . And just
is that so ? I'm afraid people here will not take pity on unlucky guys like you . Bargaining has always been an indispensable procedure in business deals . It's the norm of free trade . The seller sets
but don't you think it annoying to overcharge the customers by such a handsome margin 
of course , that's something really irritation . And the only way to avoid being trapped is to know in advance about the real worth of the stuff . I recommend you to consult the price tags in the superb
Here is an invitation for you 
Oh , thank you . What is the occasion 
Tomorrow is the tooth anniversary of our company . Our general manager invites you to a dinner party . Do you think you can manage it 
Oh , yes , I'd very much like to go 
That is great . Dinner starts at 6
I'll be there in time 
All right . Bye 
Bye 
How do you like Chinese food 
It's my favorite 
What other kind of food do you like 
I like Indian food as well 
I just finished reading this article ' Getting Old Gracefully ' . It's a very good article 
What does it say 
A lot of things . There is a part about how old people should accept being old and stop feeling restless . You really should read it 
Thank you . But I don't think I'll bother 
Why not ? What this article says makes good sense to me . If you read it , I'm sure you'll agree with me 
I don't think I'll have any trouble with getting old . But perhaps you can keep the article for a while , I may read it later 
I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes 
I'm ready when you are , sir 
Very good ! Now , it's still morning here in New York 
You are so right , sir . The clock just struck nine 
I'm going to spend some time exploring the city . What can I do with my luggage 
Sir , right here we have a storage site . Its only $ 5 an hour , but you need to leave a deposit 
A deposit ? Isn't my luggage a deposit 
I'm sorry , sir , but it isn't . Your MasterCard or VISA will take care of things nicely 
Okay . Let me think about this 
Okay , sir . But don't take too long . You only have 30 minutes 
Do you object to drinking black tea , Mr.Zhang 
Yes , that is why I never drink it 
Do you drink green tea , then 
Very seldom , because tea has tannin which may be harmful to one's health 
But if the tea is good and well prepared , it will do much good 
What good is it for 
Not only can it appease one's thirst , but it can also refresh one when tired 
That's true , but it must not be allowed to stand long 
Why is it so 
Because if you drink a kind of tea which has been prepared for some time before , it will do you harm 
Jane , the meeting is scheduled from 1:00 this afternoon . Have you made the necessary arrangements 
Yes , Mr . Miller . We'll use the conference room on the third floor for the meeting 
That's right . The meeting is very important . Where shall the guests be received before the meeting begins 
In the dining room . It's spacious there 
We'll have several foreign guests to attend the meeting 
I've arranged for an interpreter to be present . But it is said these foreigners could speak English 
Really ? I'll also try to speak slowly . How would you arrange the guests ' seats , Jane 
We've prepared name cards to be put on the conference table for guests to sit by . What time would you like refreshments served , Mr . Miller 
Well , after my report , there will be an interval for rest and refreshments 
All right , I see 
This little wooden stick is called a tee 
What do you do with it 
For the first drive , put the golf ball on the tee , and push the tee into the ground 
Okay 
Pick up a wood and hold it like this , interlocking your fingers 
OK 
Position yourself , swinging the club , watch the ball and hit it as hard as you can 
Hey 
Not too bad . The goal is to get the ball into the hole with as few hits as possible 
Got it 
Is the factory fully-automated 
Not completely . Our production process is partially-automated . We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually 
What about supply of parts to the production line 
Well , the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system . And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line 
What about the smaller components 
They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory 
if you can choose , will you marry a foreigner or a Chinese 
why ? Did tom pop the question 
not yet . But I wonder if I can get my parents ’ consent 
let me guess , your parents want you to marry a Chinese man , right 
you are right . It is giving me a real headache . I feel like I ’ m between a rock and a hard place 
I used to have the same problem when I was with my ex 
oh , how did you deal with it 
I just let it go and continued dating with my Korean boyfriend . But finally we broke up 
oh , it ’ s a pity . What was the matter 
simple . We had personality clashes and there were too many cultural differences 
like what 
he hoped to live in the Korean way and asked me to give up working and stay at home to take care of the family 
Oh , I see . In their culture women should put family first 
yes , he said it would be batter for me and for the whole family . But I simply can not quit working 
so that's why it ’ s hard to have a happy marriage with a foreigner 
not really . There are many successful mixed marriage around us 
What is the movie you saw last night 
It is a new film , ' Transformer ' 
How do you like it 
I expected too high from that movie , but I was a bit disappointed about it 
But I heard the box office rose up to 15 million in the first week 
Box office can't explain everything . I do not think it is cheerful or well-made . The plot is old and the female character is not pretty 
My sister has given me two tickets for tonight . It is called ' The life of Rose ' , a French movie 
What's it about 
It tells the lifetime of a lady singer from a beggar in the street to a famous singer in the world . It is a kind of tragedy 
I prefer the tragedy . It is moving and makes me ponder about my life 
Let's go . The time is coming 
We can buy the popcorn before entering the cinema 
I was wondering if I could borrow the company van for a fundraiser this weekend 
Sure , I think that would be possible . Where is the fundraiser 
It is in the park downtown 
Would you need it for both Saturday and Sunday 
We will need it for Saturday only 
I think that would be OK . Who will be driving it 
Mary and I will be driving the van 
Could you drop it off on Sunday night 
Yes , we can do that . Can we borrow the chairs from the lunchroom also 
Yes , that would be fine . Just make sure that everything is returned by Sunday night 
On , darn . The grocery store is closed 
Yeah , this one closes at ten . We could drive to the 24 - hour store on sixth 
Alright . We are out of everything 
I wish the store close to us was open 24 - house a day 
I know , our schedules are so weird . Sometimes , the little corner store is the only thing within walking distance that ’ s open when we get home 
Yeah , and the prices there are very high 
I know . Three dollars for milk 
You should draw a picture of a fancy kingdom of animals in forty minutes 
All right . But how 
Just imagine , if a horse can fly , if a bird can swim ... and things like that 
I see . But could you give me another piece of paper 
OK . Here you are . Anybody who wants help , please come to me 
Thank you so much , Mr Addison 
I heard that Kevin got divorced . Is that true 
Not so bad , but Kevin does have problems with his wife 
What 
His wife always complained that Kevin's salary was too low and got no promotion 
Poor Kevin , we should do something for him . He is a nice guy and does his job well 
Yeah , I agree with you . But you know , it's just one of those things 
Oh . It looks like Jack is going to make his annual speech 
Couldn't he wait until we're finished eating 
Yeah . I'm still hungry , but I guess it's kind of rude to keep eating while he's talking , huh 
Can you even hear what he's saying 
No . He's so far away I can hardly see him ! Let's keep eating 
Can you turn the lazy Susan for me ? I want some more chicken 
All that's left is a leg . I gave the head to Tim 
Are you all right 
No , I'm not 
What's going on 
I was just robbed 
Are you serious 
Someone just robbed me 
Did he hurt you 
He took all my things , but he didn't hurt me 
I can't believe that 
I need to make a statement at the police station 
I'll take you , if you'd like 
Thanks 
Are you being served , sir 
I'd like to buy a tapestry to decorate my new room 
Artistic tapestry is the highest expression form of the rug weaving art . How about these ones 
These are beautiful ! Is this the marvelous landscape in Guiling 
Yes , sir 
How fine the needlework is ! What's the price 
Ninety dollars 
It's too expensive 
But considering the fine craftsmanship it is worth much more 
You're right . Would you please show me some embroidery ? I also want to buy some embroidered tablecloths to match the tapestry 
Please wait a minute , sir 
Hi , I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won ’ t be working till tomorrow . A technician has just come and checked it . He will bring me a new one tomorrow . It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing . Can I use the one in your office 
Of course you can . I am sure this one works very well . I just sent dozens of pages . How many pages are you sending ? Are you familiar with my fax machine 
Yes , I think you have the same model as I have . Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol 
Yes , it will print immediately 
What do you think we need to do to get our new branch office running well 
First , I'd make sure that we have a good , local , corporate lawyer . He or she will know all the local laws and regulations 
That ’ s very important . A friend recommended a good law firm to me . We ’ ll need someone to hire staff 
I think that we should send one of our HR people to do that . I don ’ t think we should use an agency , because they won ’ t be familiar with the type of people we employ . Have we decide on the location of
Yes . We have . We chose the location in the northeast of the city , not too far from the airport and on the edge of the CBD 
Why didn ’ t we choose an office in the CBD 
The offices there were too expensive . Have we negotiated any contracts yet 
Yes . We ’ Ve signed two contracts with companies that we already do work for in other countries . We hope to sign another three this month 
When will the branch office open 
Hopefully next month . Everything is a little rushed . We should be able to set up our branch office and expand our business quickly 
Has and advertising campaign been prepared 
Yes , it has . We ’ re going to target the business community through business magazines 
I made plenty of business contract on my last visit and through the embassy . We should be able to get plenty of customers 
Excuse me , Is there a hotel nearby 
The nearest one is about ten minutes ' walk from here 
how can I get there 
just walk down this road and you'll find it . it's on the right side 
Hello , could you tell me my test results 
Your results are posted on the website . Just put in your password and you can see the exact numbers 
Are you saying that all my results were normal 
We always contact you by phone to come in if there is a need for follow-up 
How will I know what the results mean on the website 
The purpose of each test is given on the site 
Will the numbers mean anything to me 
The website will give you your results and then tell you what the normal range is 
Can I see all of my test results at once 
Yes , you can see every test for the past five years . You can compare them 
Have you a full-day trip 
Yes , of course . There are various forms of travel 
Do I have to book the tour right now 
There is no need . We have the tour everyday 
Is there a vacant table for 2 right now 
I am sorry , sir . All the tables have been booked 
what a pity 
Would you mind waiting in the lounge for 10 minutes ? I am sure I can arrange you a table then 
OK 
My word , you do look ill 
I'm quite out of thoughts recently 
You seem to have something on mind . Promise me , go to see the doctor right now 
I'm worrying about my exam 
A piece of cake . You'll be successful 
This is a very beautiful statue . What's it called 
It's called ' Endless Love ' . It was a gift from a sister city in Australia for the 100th anniversary of the city 
100th anniversary ? When was that 
Just two months ago . There were very big celebrations and there was a spectacular fireworks display . I took part in the great parade myself 
Sounds real good . It's a pity that I missed that 
Yes . We all loved the celebration of our city's birthday . It made the people feel so proud of our city 
I've been told you might have a vacant room 
Yes , I have a spare room 
Would it be okey to look at the room , now 
Would you come here in twenty minutes ? We're right in the middle of dinner 
This apartment looks nice 
Yes , it has two bedrooms . That's convenient 
How much is the rents 
2,500 yuan a month 
This apartment is nice , but I'd like to find a cheaper one 
Good afternoon , sir . May I help you 
Yes , I'd like a cheeseburger and a large order of French fries 
Would you like anything to drink with that 
Yes , a medium Coke 
Will that be all 
Yes 
For here or to go 
To go , please . ( The attendant hands the customer his order . 
That'll be $ 4.25 ... ( The customer gives her a 5 dollar bill . ) ... out of five . Here is your change , sir . Have a nice day 
Good afternoon ! Where to 
Tian'anmen Square 
You are going to Tian'anmen Square . No problem 
How long will it take ? We are in a great hurry 
Around 20 minutes , but it all depends on the traffic 
Hope there is no traffic jam 
By this time , it's better . The rush hour is over 
Could you drop us off on that corner 
Sure thing . Here we are 
How much do we owe you 
Eight yuan twenty cents 
Here is ten yuan . Keep the change , please 
Thank you . Have a nice day 
Thanks and you too 
I didn't expect to see you at this hour . You must have goofed off again 
Goofed off ? Maybe , but I'm not a clock-watcher . I finished doing what I should do and then knock off an hour earlier 
You'll be sorry if the boss finds it out . He may probably give you the bag 
I'm sure of what I'm doing 
Farmer's Pet Store 
Can you please tell me where you are located 
Sure , we are off Singing Road , close to the bank 
Thank you , I know where that is 
Thank you for calling ABC Company , may I help you 
I ’ m Liu Yi . I ’ d like to speak to Mr . Smith 
Sorry , we have two Smiths , Robert Smith and James Smith , which one would you like to speak to 
I ’ d like to speak with Mr . Robert Smith 
He is on the line 
Good morning , Mr . Smith 
Good morning , Jamie . What time is it now 
It is 9 o'clock now 
I see . What is today's schedule 
You have two meetings today . One is at 10 am , and the other is at 2 pm . After the meeting , you will have dinner with Mr . Brown at the Chinese restaurant in Sister Hotel 
OK . Can you prepare things for the meeting in the meeting room ? Make enough copies of the handouts 
No problem . Do you need the OHP 
Yes . I am going to show them some slides in the meeting . Can you call Mr . Brown to remind him of the dinner this evening 
OK . Do you want to ask the receptionist to wait for our customers at the receptionist counter before the meeting 
That would be great ! You are really a good employee 
Hello , this is Lucy from ABC Company . Is this Monica 
Yes , it is 
I am calling to inform you that we have arranged an interview for this accountant position at 2 PM this Thursday afternoon . Please come on time 
Ok , thank you . By the way , could you please tell me how I can get there from A community 
Oh , you can take the subway , get off at B stop and walk north for several minutes . You will find a building . It will take about 40 minutes in total 
I got it . Thank you so much 
You ’ re welcome 
Taxi 
Where to 
Beijing International Airport . Would you please help me with my baggage 
Certainly . Let's put the suitcase in the boot 
Thank you . I've got just 50 minutes to go . Can we manage 
Take it easy . We should be able to make it unless we get caught in a traffic jam 
I can't afford to miss my 9:40 flight 
Don't worry . The traffic is smooth . You will be there in time for your flight 
I have a problem 
What's the problem 
My mattress was supposed to be delivered today 
Is there a problem 
The delivery people showed up four hours late 
I apologize for their tardiness 
I was late for work because of them 
Again , I do apologize for the inconvenience 
I want my money back for the delivery 
Seeing as they were late , that won't be a problem 
It shouldn't be a problem 
I'm going to refund your money right now 
Please fill out the form 
All right . ... What's the date today , please 
It's August the thirteenth 
Johnny , you did badly on the test . I think you haven't been studying enough . Am I right 
Yes , Ms . Jones 
Well , you'd better start studying harder if you want to pass this class 
Manhattan Square , please 
All right , sir.When are we supposed to be there 
I'd like to go around the city , if you don't mind 
Hello ! I'm sorry to bother you . This is a complimentary fruit tray . Your food will be ready soon 
Wow ! It's a fruit sculpture ! Your chef is a real artist 
Actually , uh , I made it myself ..
You did ? Wow ! Where did you learn ... 
Sorry , but I've gotta run . Enjoy your food , and ring the service button if you need anything else 
Hello . Good morning , Stately Restaurant . May I help you 
I would like to book a table for seven thirty o'clock , please 
Fine , sir . For how many people , please 
For four people . We'd like a quiet table with a fine view of the river 
OK . What name , please 
This is Peter Kaufman 
Can you spell that , please 
Peter Kaufman , P-E-T-E-R ( Peter ) , K-A-U-F-M-A-N ( Kaufman ) 
Oh , thanks , Mr . Kaufman . We look forward to your visit 
Bye-bye 
Excuse me , sir . May I go with you to claim my luggage ? I am a stranger here 
Sure , I have to go anyway . But the first place you need to go is immigration office . They ’ ll check your ticket , passport , visa and immunization record book . After that we can go to the baggage claim area 
Thank you 
This is my luggage , but it's too heavy . I can't move it . Could you help me get it out of the conveyer belt 
Certainly , it's a pleasure 
Where shall we go next 
Customs 
Ok 
Do you have anything to declare 
No , I don't 
Would you like to open the suitcase , please 
Sure 
What's in the box 
Chocolates 
Are they liqueur chocolates 
No , they are peppermint chocolates 
How many cigarettes do you have 
About a 100 and I have had them declared 
Are you a visitor or a resident 
A visitor 
Have a good time 
Hello , this is Li Bo speaking 
Hi , I am Liu Ming . I am calling to tell you that I have got the job 
Oh , that is wonderful . Congratulations 
I really feel grateful to you for your reference . They have mentioned this in the job interview 
Don't mention it . I think that is because you have right qualifications and nice personality 
Thanks again . I will start on next Monday . I am sure I will have good performance 
I agree 
Do you have the same style in white 
Sorry , miss . I'm afraid we don't have any on hand today 
What a pity . Are you likely to be getting more in 
Yes , maybe you can come on Friday 
Do you love me 
I ’ m very fond of you 
Yes , but do you love me 
Why ? You mean a lot to me 
Why didn ’ t you answer my question 
What question 
Do you love me ? Come on , I ’ m eager to hear 
You know that I care for you . I---I ’ m proud of you 
Don ’ t cherish your words , dear 
I---I don ’ t feel like saying it
Right . Just take off your jacket and shirt . And lie down on that bed over there ... That's right ... Now , just hold up your right arm , will you ? ... Does this hurt 
No 
And this 
Yes . . . a bit . . . ouch 
And do you feel anything when I do this 
Yes , that hurts quite a lot 
And you don't feel any pain anywhere else ? In you legs , for example 
NO , nothing 
Well , it's probably nothing serious.But I think we'd better have that shoulder X-rayed.We can't do the until the morning , though.So it'd be better if you stay in hospital for the night
Hello , Sir . What can we do for you today 
Hello . I've been asked to come and see about something called L / C ? What is it exactly 
L / C stands for ' letter of credit ' . This is necessary for trade between two countries . A Letter of Credit is quite literally that — a letter addressed by the buyer's bank to the seller's bank stating that they could vouch for their good customer , the buyer , and that they would pay the seller in case of the buyer's default . Nowadays , it's sometimes used for domestic trade too 
So the other party could be across the world or just on the other side of the street 
What do you like for dessert 
Do you have trifles 
Yes 
Please bring me some trifles and apple pies 
OK . I will bring it for you 
Hey . Owen ! Have you gone on your family vacation yet 
Oh , yes . I got so tired . My son began to cry the moment we got on the train . It was very embarrassing because we took the over-night train and the noise made it difficult for other people in the cabin to sleep 
Didn't you bring his favorite toy 
Yes , we did . Fortunately we put his Teddy Bear in the bag , and finally he fell asleep at mid-night with it in his arms 
Where did you go ? You've got a beautiful tan 
My wife didn't like to go to amusement parks , so we compromised and finally went to the seaside . I think vacation in summer is not good 
You must have had a great time . Most children love to play in the sand on the beach and go swimming 
Yes , he was every excited to see the blue sea and picked up many seashells to give as gift for his classmates in kindergarten 
His friends will be very happy to get the little souvenir 
And I taught him how to swim in the sea . It was fun and made him braver than before . After we returned home , he wasn't afraid to sleep alone in his bedroom 
Your dog is really cute . What's his name 
His name is Bingo 
What kind of dog is he 
We're not sure because the neighbour gave him to us after they moved away 
Well , he sure likes to run around a lot . Is he well behaved 
Oh yes , he is . When he was a puppy , he liked to chew my father's shoes , but he's okay now 
That sounds like my cat . She likes to scratch the couch with her claws 
I didn't know you had a cat . When did you get her 
About a year ago actually . You've probably never seen her though 
Really ? Why is that 
She's not a house-cat . She stays outside most of the time 
Bingo could never do that . He stays in the house except when we take him to the park 
I have to do some shopping 
What are you going to look for 
I'm trying to buy a new bedroom set 
What store are you going to 
I'm not sure 
You don't know 
I have no idea where to find one 
Would you like me to tell you where I got mine 
I would appreciate that 
I went to get mine from IKEA 
Is the furniture at IKEA cheap 
They're not cheap , but neither is their furniture 
Hi , Tony . You look unhappy . What's wrong 
Oh , Steven , I made a big mistake 
What happened 
I really wish I hadn ’ t done it 
What on earth are you talking about 
I got caught cheating . I feel so ashamed . The teacher saw me and told me I failed 
What were you thinking 
You know my father . If I fail , he'll kill me . I have to do well 
But what you should do is study hard 
I know ... I know ... it's all my fault . I feel awful that I didn ’ t study , and I cheated , and I got caught 
So long as you learn from your mistakes 
Congratulations , Vivian . You won the grand prize , again 
Isn't it just great ! I just knew I'd win 
You did ? How ? Did you wear red underwear again this year 
Not only that 
Tell me ! Tell me ! What's your secret ? 
OK , OK . I'll whisper it to you , but you have to promise not to tell anyone 
What ? ! You did that ? ? ! ! 
What newspaper are you reading 
New York Times . I read it everyday 
Why don't you read the local newspaper 
It's too biased . I just don't agree with their one-sided reporting 
New York Times is better 
Yes , they have a good reputation for fairness 
We ’ re having a department meeting at 10 o ’ clock , ok 
That ’ s fine ... I need to pick up some stationary-you know , a stapler , scissors , files , who should I see about that 
See Julie , the receptionist . She knows where all that stuff is kept . You might like a calendar for you desk . She can give you one of those too 
Thanks . I need to make a few photocopies 
The photocopier is near my office . Come on , I ’ ll show you where it is 
Do you enjoy working in this office 
Yes , I do . Everyone ’ s really friendly . Sometimes , I wish I worked outdoors more , especially during the summer 
What ’ s usually discussed at the department meetings 
We usually tell each other where we are with various clients and potential clients . The boss assigns extra duties to people who she thinks can best deal with them . It ’ s also a chance to put forward su
Hello . Do you know how I can find a room to rent 
There is so much information and I advise to read newspaper 
Will that work 
Yes , of course . If you like the room , call the landlord and confirm the information of the room 
Good idea . Thank you 
Let's go practice your driving 
If that's what you want to do , then we can 
Did you buckle your seatbelt 
I'm buckled up . What's next 
You need to start the car now 
What do you want me to do 
Go left 
How far should I go 
I'll let you know when I want you to stop 
Tell me before you want me to stop 
All right , try parking here 
Thanks . Let's go driving again tomorrow 
Driver , take me to the airport 
Okay 
Driver , can you please speed up ? I m afraid I might miss the flight 
I'm sorry , madam , there ’ s a limit to the speed 
Damn it ! I think I'm going to miss the plane 
I'm sorry about that . What ’ s your flight time 
At 2:00 
Don ’ t worry , madam . I guess we should get there not later than 1:30 p . m 
Really ? Great 
Here we are 
Here is the money 
Just a minute . Here's your change 
Hello , Mr . Gao . We appreciate your letting us have the apartment 
My pleasure . You're a sweet couple . Do you have any questions 
The ad said rent was thirty thousand . That includes utilities and phone , I assume 
No , it doesn't . And there's a maintenance fee for each month . It's forty NT per ping 
That's another one thousand six hundred 
Yes , but that doesn't include cable . It's for cleaning and trash removal . You just leave your trash outside your door 
Are you a goal-oriented person 
Yes , I am . That's why I make plans before I do anything 
How do you plan to do your present job 
I want to make more contact with extra clients and use my organizational skills in the future 
Wang , I'd like you to meet my friend . Dou , this is Wang 
Hello Wang . I'm Dou . Pleased to meet you 
Pleased meet you , too , Mr . Dou 
Just call me Miao Dou , Please 
We're having trouble with Bob 
What's the problem 
He's been late for work twice 
Okay , I'll speak to him 
What's the matter 
I'm feeling a little under the weather 
I'm calling to tell you that the merchandise ordered last month has not arrived yet 
I'm sorry , hold on a moment . I'll check it out . But we have already shipped it to you last month . Would you like us to contact the express company to know what's going on 
Please find out the reason as soon as possible . We are in bad need of it 
Ok , I am terribly sorry for the trouble you are getting into.We will contact you first thing , once we know the reason 
Hello 
Hello , is this 4482098 7 ? I'd like to speak to Mr Doff 
I am sorry . Mr . Doff is out right now 
May I know when he will be back 
I don't know . But he will certainly be back for lunch . This is his wife speaking . Can I take a message for you 
Thanks , Mrs . Doff . Please tell him to be at the airport at three p . m 
Very Good . I will let him know as soon as he comes back . But , may I have your name , please 
This is Lucy White . Thank you . Bye 
Bye 
I can't believe my eyes , Bill . Are you having a salad for lunch ? No hamburger 
Get used to it , Mary . I'm off hamburgers for good health . Most fast food is loaded with sodium 
I know . But why are you suddenly interested in lessening your salt intake 
My doctor says I should cut back on sodium-rich foods to lower my blood pressure 
Do you have hypertension ? I would have thought you were too young 
Actually , my blood pressure isn't that high yet , but they say it increases with age 
Well , I'm glad you're starting to pay more attention to your diet 
I want to lower my risk of heart attack and stroke , too 
So do I . That's why I've been trying to lower my cholesterol level 
I've noticed you've been munching away on lots of fruits and vegetables recently 
That's right . I could stand to lose a few pounds , too 
Mr . Drake , I'm pleased to do business with your company 
We're glad to be able to offer our services to your business , Mrs . Wayne 
Your company is very well respected . About how long have you been in business 
Almost twenty years . We were the first total PR services company of our kind in California 
And this is your company's head office 
Well , yes , but now we have six offices in California alone 
That's wonderful . Isn't your company part of ARE Corporation 
That's right . We are their sole PR sector business 
That's not bad . How long have you been in PR 
Not long actually . So I'm sure I will learn a lot from our cooperation 
hey , you look great ! how's everything 
yeah , you know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit 
really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work 
it's important to do proper exercises 
you're right . Too much or too little won't do any good 
the trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet 
sounds reasonable 
we should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic 
and fruits 
surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness 
I've heard that . Does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit 
yeah , he advises me to stay in a good mood . That can help one to keep sound physical health 
I think if you follow your trainer's advice , you'll be on the right track 
you bet it 
If you fall in love like him , you will go soft in the head , as well 
Come off it 
You want a bet 
Why not 
Hello , Could I speak to Mary , please ? This is Mrs . Fort here 
This is Mary speaking 
Ah , Mary , good evening . Look , I was wondering if you like to come to a party we are having on Friday ? There are many coming from the office 
Oh , that sounds nice . I ’ d love to 
I ’ m hungry , let ’ s go grab a bite to eat 
Yeah me too . Oh ! Can we stop at the shop really fast ? I lost my makeup bag at the airport and I want to pick up a few things 
Will you take long 
No ! Five minutes I promise 
Come on ! We have been here for almost an hour ! I thought you said you were only going to get a few things ! How long does it take you to pick out a lipstick and some nail polish 
Are you crazy ? You have no idea what you are talking about ! Just for my eyes I have to get eye-liner , an eyelash curler , eye shadow , an eyebrow pencil and mascara . Then I need to get foundation , liq
Whoa whoa whoa ! Are you nuts ? How much is all this going to cost ? I ’ m looking at the price at each one of these little things and it ’ s outrageous ! This is basically a crayon 
What about you ? You spend as much or more money on your razors , after shave , cologne and gel ! Not to mention how much you spend on clothes and ..
Fine ! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon 
When can I see the one-bedroom apartment 
There's an open house this weekend 
What time does the open house start 
It starts at 11AM in the morning 
Oh dear , I ’ m late . I have to be in the office by 8am 
Oh really what ’ s happening 
Well there is an important meeting with a new client 
Ok but you must stay calm . Do you want me to give you a lift 
Oh , you don ’ t have to do that but it would be a great help 
Ok , wait one minute . I must remember where I left the keys 
The government is going to organize a folk-custom activity at the end of the month . And our community is supposed to put on a performance 
What kind of performance ? A lion dance 
Stuff like that but I think the lion dance is a bit too difficult and dangerous 
Sure , you'll be dancing with lions . What do you expect ? Then what about Range Dance which we did before 
Good idea . Shall we get everyone in the community 
Maybe not . I think we should just focus on the retired people 
I know that they already have a Range Dance team and then what we need is just to do some rehearsals 
What about the costumes 
We can raise money in the community . You know each family 10 yuan maybe 
Try something new . We can find a supporting agency 
Great idea . There is a travel agency nearby who would love to be our sponsor . It's a perfect chance for them to promote ethnic tourism 
How far is it from here to the airport 
It ’ s about an hour ’ s drive 
I need to get there before ten.Can we make it 
I can ’ t promise , but I ’ ll do my best 
I heard Rose is pregnant . I hope it'll be a boy this time 
I hope so , too.Rose and her husband have been wanting a boy so much 
After three baby girls in a row , Rose is under a lot of pressure from her in-laws.They want a boy in the worst way now 
But baby girls are just as good and just as fun as baby boys 
I agree with you , but you know how old-fashioned the elders are 
That was delicious 
There's still a lot left-have some more 
Thanks , but I couldn't eat another bite . I'm really full 
Are you here to make a deposit Mr Hayes 
No , Nancy , today I'm here to make a withdrawal . I made a formal request 7 days ago 
You want to withdraw on your Time Deposit , right 
That's correct . But before I do , I was wondering if you could give me some advice 
Of course , Mr Hayes . That's what I'm here for . What would you like to know 
Maybe I'm making a big mistake cashing in my Time Deposit before maturity 
This bank charges you 6 months interest as a penalty if you withdraw before maturity . Would it be possible to take the money from your Current Account , for example 
No , not really . My Current Account is for cash flow and couldn't withstand having all of that money taken from it 
I think it's time for me to meet my admirer and make him face the music 
You do ? How are you going to contact him 
I'm leaving him a message taped to my computer screen 
What does it say ? Do you think he'll see it 
He'll see it . It says , I like sweets . Meet me at two thirty in the parking lot 
Can I spy on you guys from the window 
No . But I'll fill you in later . Right now I have to find Vince 
Now I understand . But I don't smoke or drink.So what am I supposed to buy in here 
You can buy some of these nice butterflies 
No , I'm sorry . I don't think it is nice to have butterflies mounted in boxes.It is kind of disgusting 
What ? You feel sorry for the butterflies 
Yes . I think they should just let them fly free , and not try to sell them to foreigners . It is a kind of destruction of nature 
Well , I agree with you . I'd rather think that the butterflies are flying around in the mountains . I just wonder if they really catch so many that it affects the butterfly population 
Who knows ? Hey , I like these jade bears here 
How much are they 
This one is 2300 dollars.Maybe I should buy it for my mother . What do you think 
If you want . Didn't you buy her a small vase already 
Yes , but she would like this a lot . She likes to collect little things like this 
Alright . Buy it then . I won't buy anything . Well , maybe I'll buy some Cognac 
Maybe I could buy some Cognac for my brother . He always drinks it 
Let's go ask about it 
Stand back from the door , please . There're plenty of seats in the rear 
What's the fare , please 
One yuan fifty cents . Drop it in the box here 
Is this the right bus to Zizhuyuan Park 
Take a No . 2 . This is No . 12 
But somebody told me this was the right bus to take . I want to go to Tian'anmen Square , you see 
Then this is the right bus . Move on , please . You're holding up the passengers . Tian'anmen Square is the last stop but one 
Would you please let me know when we get there 
I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me 
Are you sure you're using the right program 
Well , yes it's definitely the same program but I might have the wrong version . Their system is newer than ours 
That's why you can't open it . You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file 
Waiter , can you come here for a moment 
Yes , is there something wrong 
I'm afraid you've made a mistake . This isn't what I ordered 
So sorry , I must have confused the orders . I'll check it 
And also this soup is cold 
I'm really sorry , I'll bring you a hot one right away 
This looks like a nice restaurant 
Yeah , it is . I come here all the time 
Let's sit over there 
OK 
Can you pass me a menu please 
Sure . What are you going to have to drink 
I'm going to have a glass of beer . How about you 
I think I'll have a glass of wine 
Do you want to order an appetizer first 
Not really , maybe we can just order some bread 
OK . What are you going to have to eat 
I'm not sure . I haven't decided yet . Can you recommend something 
Sure , I've had the steak and the lobster before . They're both very good 
I think I'll have the lobster . What are you going to have 
I'm not that hungry . I think I'm just going to have a salad 
I'm gonna go to the bathroom . When the waitress comes back , will you order for me 
Sure . No problem 
Ladies and gentlemen . It's about time to land in New York . Here are a couple of forms for you to fill out 
What forms must we fill out , Miss 
They are E / D cards . All passengers except American citizens must complete these forms 
I see . But why do we have to fill out these forms now 
It will save you much time when you clear customs 
I ’ m pretty sure that Jim will turn out to be a good lawyer 
How can you be so sure 
He knows a lot about law and he ’ s eloquent , too 
Peter , it's time to go home now ! Hurry up 
Ten more minutes , mom . Please 
Honey , it's almost noon . We have to go home and make lunch for your sister 
I bet she will hang around with her mates after school 
Peter , it's a quarter to twelve . Let's go home now 
Good morning . Can I help you 
Good morning . I ’ m here to see Rochelle Davis , the Human Resources Manager 
Do you have an appointment with her 
Yes , I do . I have a 10:00 appointment with her this morning 
Okay . What ’ s your name , please 
My name is Bruce Green 
Thanks . Please sit down . She ’ ll be with you shortly 
Thank you 
Hello , Mrs.White ! I'm Anne 
Nice to see you with us , Anne.Please make yourself at home 
Thank you.You ' re so considerate 
Emergency road service . May I help you 
I have a flat tyre 
All right . What's your membership card , please 
489 3362 1978 
And your name 
Eve 
What's the expiration date on your card 
It's July 16,2009 
Where is your car now 
It's on the west street , near Royal Hotel 
And which direction were you going 
I was going west 
What is the make and model of your car 
BMW 530 
What color is it 
It's red 
What's your licence plate number 
SAY 201 
All right , Madam . I'll have a tow truck there within 30 minutes 
I would like to order some internet today 
What kind would you like 
What kind of internet is there 
You can get DEL or dial-up 
Which of those two is best 
I would recommend DEL 
So that one better 
It's better because it doesn't tie up the phone 
What do you mean by that 
DEL isn't connected through your phone line , but dial-up is 
So then I can't use my phone if I'm on the internet 
That's correct . With DEL you can do both 
I'm glad these batteries are on sale 
I'm sorry . These batteries are not on sale 
But that's what the ad said 
I'm sorry . If you look at the ad again , you'll see that the other brand is on sale 
Oh . You're right . I misread the ad 
Yes , many people make that mistake 
Well , you can't blame them . It's a confusing ad 
You're right . Many ads are like that 
Well , as long as I'm here 
Just one second , and I'll give you the batteries that are on sale 
What does Human Resources Department do 
Hiring , firing , training , insurances , benefits , retirement plans , salary , vacation 
They take care of a lot of things 
But most of time , they provide assistances 
What do you mean 
Say if the Engineering Department wants to hire a person , they will request HR to find candidates 
Yes 
The Engineering Manager and his team will interview the candidates . HR will also be involved with the interview , but basically arranging the schedule and explaining the benefits 
OK 
Then the Engineering Manager will choose the candidate 
I see 
What's the problem 
I have a laceration on my left forearm 
Let me have a look . How did this happen 
I got hit by a car in an accident 
Was there much bleeding afterward 
No , not much 
Well , this doesn't look too serious . Nurse , could you please get me a suture set 
Will I need stitches 
Yes . Three , I think . It wont ' be too painful . Alright , we're done . That wasn't so bad , was it 
No , not really 
You're lucky there was no lasting damage . I'll set up an appointment for you to come back in five days . We'll take those stitches out then . So long 
Thank you , doctor . Bye 
I went out with Leo last night . It was really exciting 
Really ? You are a lucky dog . You know , many girls dream of dating him 
Yes , I know . He's really on the A-list 
Hi , Francis 
Oh , Mike . How are you doing 
Not bad . It seems you are super yogurt lover . You have so many in your cart 
Well , I prefer yogurt to all the other drinks . Have you ever tried a kind of yogurt with old milk in it ? It tastes great and very healthy too 
Oh , I haven ’ t noticed that before . Maybe I will try next time 
Why don ’ t you go ahead of me ? I have more items than you 
Thank you . In fact , I am in a hurry . My wife is waiting for me at the parking lot 
You ’ re welcome . It was good seeing you again 
Me too . Have a great day 
how's your new job going 
really well , thanks 
how are you finding your new boss 
she's not bad . She's a bit bossy , but I'm sure I'll get used to her 
would you rather have her or your old boss back 
she's far better than my old boss . He didn't know how to express his opinion without putting at least one other person down 
how about your new co-workers 
they are all pretty easy-going . It's a very friendly place to work 
do you miss your old co-workers 
of course . I spent so much time at my old workplace that I got to know them all very well . They were like family to me 
do people in different departments get along with each other 
sure . Since we work together in teams , we have to get along with each other 
do you like working in teams with people from different departments 
yes , it helps everyone to understand what we're doing from different perspectives 
do you like working in teams 
I prefer it to working independently . I think most people do 
Hello 
Hello 
Can I speak to Li Hong , please 
Speaking 
Hi , Li Hong.This is Alice 
Hi , Alice.How are you 
Not bad.Li Hong , I am sorry that I can ’ t go to see Mrs.Brown with you tomorrow morning.My mother is ill . I must take care of her 
I ’ m sorry to hear that.You ’ d better stay at home.After all , we can visit Mrs.Brown later
OK.Bye - bye 
Bye 
Susan has got the cancer of stomach 
How terrible ! This is quite unexpected 
Yesterday when I went to hospital to see her , you cannot imagine how greatly surprised when I saw her 
What happened 
Because of atomic cocktail and other medicines , all of them have the side effect . she has lost all her hair 
My doctor says that I need a blood test 
I can help you with that . Just have a seat and roll up your left sleeve 
What are you taking my blood for 
Your doctor has requested a check of your white blood count 
What information does that give him 
If your white blood cell count is off , it could signal an infection somewhere in your body 
Is a blood test painful 
I am putting a tourniquet on your arm to plump up the vein . It will only feel like a little pin prick 
Oh , my God , that hurts 
That was it ! Thank you for coming in today 
There's going to be a highway here 
That's better 
The traffic problem will soon be eased 
I think so 
I've got an idea . Let's make this game even more interesting 
How ? Do you want to play strip-trivia or something 
Well , if you want to ! Seriously , though , let's make a bet 
Why don't we just make it a friendly game 
Don't be such a chicken ! Whoever loses has to treat everyone to a movie 
Would you like a cup of coffee 
Yes.That would be good 
Oh , no 
What's the matter 
This machine is out of order 
You shouldn't have used the machine.Did you lose your money 
I sure did 
You ought to complain.These machine are always out of order 
Room service 
Good morning . This is room 113 . I'd like some breakfast , please 
Right . Excuse me . Mrs . Jones 
That's right 
What can I do for you 
I'd like some grapefruit juice , marmalade , two scrambled eggs with two sausages , toast , and a pot of black coffee , please . How long will it take 
Just a few minutes , ma'am 
Great . Thank you 
It has just occurred to me that there is still another possibility to ensure a prompt delivery of the goods 
And that is 
How about making Hong Kong the port of shipment instead of New York 
I'm afraid we can't agree to that . We concluded the business with you here in Houston , and the goods you ordered are manufactured in New York . We wish to point out that all orders accepted by us are shipped from New York or Seattle . Hong Kong is out of the question 
It's like this . There are only one or two ships sailing a month from New York to Osaka , while sailings from Hong Kong are quite frequent . If shipment were effected from Hong Kong , we could receive the goods much earlier 
I see . You want to have your goods shipped from New York to Osaka via Hong Kong , where they can be transshipped . Is that the idea 
Yes , exactly , because I want these goods on our market at the earliest possible date 
Your idea may be a good one , but the trouble is that there are risks of pilferage or damage to the goods during transshipment at Hong Kong . How about shipping them from Seattle instead of network ? You may choose either one as port of shipment . It makes no difference to us . There are more sailings from Seattle than from New York 
It sounds all right to me , but I will have to think about it . I'll give you a definite answer tomorrow . If I choose Seattle , will it be possible for you to ship the goods by the end of March 
We'll try our best . Anyway , we assure you that shipment will be made not later than the first half of April 
911 emergency . What is the problem 
I would like to report a break-in 
When was this break-in 
I believe it happened last night 
Where was the break-in 
It happened at my house 
Was anything stolen 
I haven't checked yet 
Why do you think there was a break-in 
My front window was broken 
We'll send a squad car shortly 
I'd appreciate that 
Would you please bring me the black suit ? I want to try it on 
Here you are 
I think this suit fits perfectly 
Yes , I think so . The suit matches the trousers 
It's fine . Please wrap it 
Would you be kind enough to lend me forty pounds 
I'd really like to help you out , but I am broke myself 
That's all right 
Good morning . I ’ m Mickey Huang , I have an appointment with Mr wilson 
Is this about the Sales Assistant position 
That's right . My appointment is for 11 o'clock 
Mr wilson is on the line right now . Please have a seat . He'll be right with you 
Thank you 
Can I get you something , coffee , tea 
No , I'm fine . Thank you 
Do you like plum blossoms 
Certainly . I prefer the winter and I love plum blossoms much more 
It's snowing heavily . What about taking a walk 
Seeking plum blossoms with stepping on the snow ? That's a good idea . Let's go 
What a heavy snow 
Take care ! Don't slip down to the ground 
I've got it . I like the sound of stepping on the snow very much 
Yes . Very wonderful 
Do you smell the sweet scent 
Yes . It should be the fragrance of plum blossoms 
The fragrance of plum blossoms comes from the hard coldness 
Hi , Nancy.How are you doing 
Hi , Tom.Want a cup of coffee 
Not right now . I've got to get another car and my old one is blown up 
Oh , hey , did you look in the classified ads 
You mean used car 
No , Ah ... single sellers 
Well , yeah , but I'd be getting somebody else's problem 
Uh huh.How about a used car ? They've got good ones now 
It's the same kind of deal though , you know , you never know what you're going to get 
Oh , hey , how about a new car ? They've got easy loans now.You ' d feel so good driving a new car 
Let's look at them all.Have you got a paper there 
Do you want to rent a car 
Yes , I want one with automatic transmission 
I think that one fits you . Do you need insurance 
Full insurance , please 
OK , by the way , fill the gas tank when you return the car 
I'm starving ! It would be truly appreciated if you bought me a burrito 
I'm a little short . I don't have enough for you 
I'm starving , as I didn't eat yet today 
I really don't have enough money 
My stomach feels so empty 
Well , why don't you ask Bob for some money ? I'm hungry too 
I'll be getting money on Friday , and I'll get it back to you then 
Okay , so on Friday , you can buy yourself something to eat 
That's not nice 
You can always go home and make something to eat 
I can't go home yet , because I have things to do here 
Sorry . That's not my fault 
The baby is crying again 
Leave him alone , he ’ ll soon stop 
How can you do so ? Perhaps something is wrong with him . Let ’ s go and see him 
OK . Nothing serious . He just wants us to be with him 
Hi , I'm John Sandals , and I have a reservation 
Would you show me your ID , sir , please 
Here you go 
Thank you very much . Now , sir , do you have a credit card 
Certainly ! Would you like my American Express card 
Regrettably , Mr . Sandals , we accept only MasterCard or VISA 
I thought American Express was accepted everywhere . Never mind . Here's my VISA 
Thanks . You're in room 507 , a big , nonsmoking room , with a queen bed . Is that okay , sir 
Yes , that's just fine 
I'm happy to hear that . Here is your key . Just dial 0 if you need anything 
What's your favorite sport 
It's hard to say . Perhaps swimming is my favorite . I like swimming because it helps improve my lung capacity . In the scorching summer days , there's nothing like a cool swim . Currently , I go to the pool twice every week 
Is the entrance charge expensive 
Well , it costs an arm and a leg — 30 yuan per person . What a costly sport ! That is why I have to refrain from even thinking about it . And I find jogging a very agreeable substitute 
Haha , jogging ? Perhaps it might be a bit too boring 
You know what ? You won't get a rush from it until you fully understand it . It is a simple sport and doesn't require skills of any sort . This leaves room for me to enjoy the beautiful suburban scenery while jogging . Fresh air caresses my face and blows into my chest , which translates into inspirations . Inspirations are really good stuff for a writer like me . Sometimes , I even come up with a verse or two 
You are really a man who knows how to enjoy being alone 
Hello , Bill ! How are things going 
Quite well.thank you.And what about you 
So-So 
So , did you go out with Richard 
Yeah . We went to a movie last Saturday . We saw Police Partners II 
Did you like it 
Richard did , but I didn't . Of course , I told him I liked it 
Yeah . So did you do anything else 
Well , we went to a dance club 
Did you have fun there 
Yeah , we had a great time . And we're going to go there again next week 
Where is the produce 
It's on the south wall of the store , in aisle A 
Is there any produce on sale 
I don't know . The produce person can tell you , though 
I want to know whether you can handle the matters of registered permanent residence 
Don't worry about such problems . We can deal with them for you . Other questions 
I have no other questions . Thank you 
You are welcome 
Bob , how about joining the boxing club this summer vacation 
What a good idea 
So let's get registered tomorrow 
OK 
Jodi , I must get a hold of Jim today , but I forgot his address and phone number 
Don ’ t worry about it . I have his pager number right here 
Really ? You ’ Ve helped me a lot . Thank you 
Forget it . It ’ s nothing 
So you said you and Amanda met through a mutual friend . How did it happen 
Well , my roommate was friends with Amanda , so he introduced us 
Did he tell you what she was like first 
Yes , he described her to me , and she sounded like my type 
How can you keep in touch with your aunt in America 
Oh , I make a phone call once a month 
It's very expensive , right 
Yeah 
Why not send E-mail through the Internet 
Is it convenient and cheap 
Sure . You can send E-mail to each other every day through the internet . In addition , you can make a phone call through the internet , too 
Really ? I'm so glad to hear that.But I don't know how to get access to the Internet.Could you show me 
No problem . I'll tell you 
I'll appreciate it very much 
When can you give me the final decision 
We'll notify you next Thursday at the latest . Shall I telephone you 
OK 
All right . Thank you for coming today 
Thank you for your interview with me 
Hey Michael . Where are you going 
No where special . I was just taking a walk 
What for 
To get a little exercise . I'm so out of shape 
Hey , I play basketball with a bunch of friends twice a week . It's great exercise and it's fun too . Why don't you come out and play with us 
That sounds great . Give me a call next time you guys play 
Did you already take the history exam 
Yeah . It was hard . When do you take it 
I take it tomorrow morning . There is so much material that I dont know what to emphasize on . What types of questions did you get 
Mostly on the civil war . You should also study the impact Martin Luther King Jr . had on American society 
What about Abraham Lincoln ? Did you get any questions about him 
I only had 1 question about him . But you might get more . I dont know if he will have the same exam or not 
Hopefully he will use the same exam , cause Im going to spend most of my time studying the civil war . It is a huge section and that is what he lectured the most on in class 
If you cant study everything , then that is probably the best way to go 
Aright . Thanks for the info . I gotta go to the library now 
Good luck 
Thanks . See ya 
Are you sure this is the right restaurant 
Positive 
You don't think you could be wrong 
I'am absolutely sure I'm right 
I don't know . It looks a little wrong down 
This is right . There is no doubt in my mind 
You're hundred percent sure you want to eat here 
Check and double check 
Would you like me to fill out the form 
I suppose so , but don't rush . I've got to tell you how to do it 
That's very kind of you 
Who ’ s this ? your girl-friend 
No , it ’ s my sister 
How old is she 
She ’ s 18 
She is tall 
Yes , she is 
And she is thin , isn ’ t she 
Well , just a little thin 
Could you take us to the Fifth Avenue 
Sure.Step in 
Is the traffic very heavy this hour 
No.But it's a bit strange today 
Could I have my bill , please 
Certainly , sir 
I'm afraid there has been a mistake 
I'm sorry , sir . What seems to be the trouble 
I believe you have charged me twice for the same thing . Look , the figure of 6.5 dollar appears here , then again here 
I'll just go and check it for you , sir 
I heard Nick found a job in a bank and his salary is said very high . I also want to work there 
Will this do ? Your major is not related to banking , as you know 
I know that , but making a lot of money makes me crazy 
Money is not the only standard to decide your career . In fact , there are more important things you can refer to when evaluating your career . If I were you , I would choose one I like to do 
Actually , I am afraid I will be stuck in the job forever , if I choose a bad one 
Don't worry . We can always change our careers , when we are unsatisfied with them 
Did you get any rewards or honors in college 
Yes , I received the scholarship 3 times on end 
Did you join the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) 
Yes , I joined the CPC when I was a freshman
Very glad to know something about you , then what are you going to do when you finish 
Oh , I ’ ll go to shanghai to practice there 
That ’ s a good idea . It must be easy to find a job in shanghai 
I think so , you know there is a great deal of opportunity for business there 
And English is very useful in your job 
I think it will be very useful in many ways . Beside , shanghai is an important trade center , not only in China , but also in the world , English is useful in almost all walks of life 
You will be a very promising one 
That ’ s my wish 
Next time you buy veggies or fruits , have them bagged and weighed before you come here 
Sorry . I didn't know 
The total comes to US $ 65.81 . How will you pay today 
I'm going to use my ATM card 
Slide your card through the card ID pad and punch in your PIN 
Done 
One moment . Do you want to withdraw some cash while you're at it 
No , thanks 
Paper or plastic 
Pardon me 
Do you want paper or plastic bags for your groceries 
Paper , please 
Hello , Dora , I haven't seen you for a long time . Where have you been 
I didn ’ t go anywhere . I stayed at home 
What's up ? You look unhappy 
Nothing . I just feel very lonely in this city . I miss my family 
Oh , I know . Sometimes I have the same feeling with you . But you'd better not be so emotional 
Can you stay and accompany me for a while 
Sure , no problem . You can call me any time you are alone from now on 
Thank you so much . You are so sweet 
Not at all . We are friends 
Is there anything I can do 
Yes . I am thinking of a tour to Australia 
May I recommend the popular route ? It's a seven days ' trip and cost $ 500 
That's really cheap . What are the fees included 
Everything , sir , including the air tickets , accommodation and gate tickets 
OK , I will take the tour 
Why are you reading the classifieds ? What do you need 
I ’ m looking for a bookcase , but I don ’ t want to buy a new one 
Are you having any luck 
Not really . There aren ’ t any used bookcases listed . But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday . I think I ’ ll go to them 
Do you mind if I go with you 
Not at all . These private sales are great places to bargain . And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk 
I learned to negotiate 9 from my mother . I thought I was pretty good at bargaining , but I had a problem the other day at Kimble ’ s Department Store 
What happened 
I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend . It was priced at forty dollars , so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty 
Hi , Boss ! I'd like to tell you what we've discussed during the day 
Okay . Is all going well 
I think it's going very well , actually . We had a long meeting with them . After several lengthy discussions they decided to accept our offer 
Really ? That's great . You really did a good job . Anything else to tell me 
We're meeting with their finance director today and then with the other directors tomorrow , just to sort out some final details 
OK . If he wants to make any changes , minor alternations can be accepted . Let me know what happens 
OK . I never forget it 
Hi , Mark ! Hi , do you have a minute 
Oh , I'm sorry , Nigel . I'm rushing to a meet right now 
Sure , no problem . Can we fix a time to talk later 
Sure , but this week is crazy for me . Can we make it next Monday 
Ok , see you 10 o'clock next Monday 
That's fine . See you then 
Good morning , sir . Can I help you 
Good morning . I have a reservation for a single room with a bath here 
May I have your name , please 
John Bradley 
Just a moment , sir , while I look through our list . Yes , we do have a reservation for you , Mr . Bradley . Would you please fill out this form while I prepare your key card for you 
Yes , can I borrow your pen for a minute please 
Sure . Here you are 
What should I fill in under the room number 
You can just skip that . I will put in the room number for you later on 
Here you are . I think I have filled out everything correctly 
Let me see , name , address , nationality , forwarding address , passport number , place of issue , signature and date of departure . Oh , here sir . You forgot to put that date of your departure . Here let me fill it in for you . Are you leaving in ... 
Oct 24th 
Now everything is in order . Mr . Bradley , your room number is 6020 . It is on the sixth floor and the daily rate is 90 dollars per night . Here is your key card with all the information on your booking , the hotel services and the hotel rules and regulations on it . Please make sure that you have it with you all the time . You need to show it when you sign in for your meals and drinks in the restaurants and the bars . You also need to show it when you collect your key from the information desk 
Ok , I will take good care of it 
And now if you are ready Mr.Bradley , I will call the bellboy and he will take you to your room 
Yes , I am ready . Thank you 
I hope you enjoy your stay with us 
I will try 
This is my admission card , and these are the books 
OK , a moment , please 
By the way , can I renew the borrowing 
For which one 
Sense and Sensibility , English version 
Yes , of course 
Can I just do it here 
Sorry . No . You should go to the other counter 
OK , thanks 
Sorry , this biography is over the deadline . You should pay extra for it 
I was thinking of buying this from the bookstore when my father got this from the library ... anyway , how much should I pay 
3 Yuan , please 
Here you are . Thanks 
You are welcome . See you next time 
Would you like to order anything else 
No , I'm good . All we need now is our check 
The waitress is walking over here with our check even as we speak 
I have never had bad service at this restaurant , but this time was really exceptional 
Yes , she really went out of her way to make this a pleasant dining experience 
Let's take a look at our bill . The total price for our dinner is $ 36.00 
How much money should we leave for a tip 
I know that 15 % is a normal tip , but I really thought that this waitress went out of her way for us . What do you think about tipping her 20 % 
She definitely deserves 20 % for a tip 
So we can add her tip of $ 7.20 to the bill of $ 36.00 and the total will be $ 43.20 
Yes , what a wonderful meal 
It absolutely was a great meal . We'll have to return here for lunch sometime 
I would love to rent out your apartment 
That ’ s great 
How much is the rent 
The rent each month is $ 1050 
That ’ s a lot of money 
Did you have a better price in mind 
What about $ 800 
That ’ s way too low 
I can ’ t pay much more than that 
How about $ 900 a month 
That would be fine 
Great . It was a pleasure doing business with you 
I wonder if you could help me find something for my daughter 
Do you think she'd like a laptop 
I think that would be perfect 
A Mac is something most people appreciate 
In fact , she prefers Macs . How much is one 
Our 15 - inch Pro will cost you only $ 2,100 
She's going to be so happy . Let me have one 
You've made a good decision . How would you like to pay 
I'll pay for it with my VISA 
It's all yours after you sign here , please 
Are there any extras that she needs 
This is good to go . If she wants accessories , just visit us again 
You've been so helpful . Thank you 
Have a nice day , and thank you for shopping here 
Are you a soccer fan 
Yes , I am . I like to watch soccer games on TV , but I don ’ t play . I watched every game of the 2002 World Cup 
Which team is your favorite 
Italian . They played very well , but they were not very lucky 
I like the Brazilians . They are the real champions 
Are you a good driver 
Yes , I'm rather good at driving 
I need you to teach me how to drive 
Yes , but do you have your learner's permit 
Yes , I have it 
Have you ever driven a car before 
I drove a car before , but only once 
Are you aware of all the controls in the car 
I already know all of them 
When would you like me to start teaching you 
When do you have time 
Call me tomorrow , and we'll get started 
What sort of problems do you have with these machines 
They're quite complex machines and they have a lot of different components . We need to check the metal casing regularly for any signs of corrosion . We also check the brushes once a fortnight to make sure they aren't worn down . It's important to make sure everything is properly aligned and we adjust it if necessary . There is a canvas belt at the end of the assembly line . If it gets wet , it might rot so we check that regularly too 
What's Beijing like 
It ’ s big and exciting but noisy 
What can I see in Beijing 
You can see the Forbidden City 
What ’ s it like 
It ’ s beautiful but crowded 
What do you think of this suit ? Do I look good or what 
You look great ! However , I think you are a little over dressed for dinner 
Didn't they say we're going to the Ritz 
Yes , but not the Ritz Carlton , the " Ritz " is a pizza place with peanut shells on the floor 
In that case , let me make a quick change into my street clothes 
I'll wait right here for you Superman 
Ta da ! Let's go to the Ritz 
Can we go to the Carlton next time and can you wear that fabulous suit 
Don't you feel a little strange taking the place of your old boss after he was demoted 
Yes , at first I felt very awkward . After Bill was demoted and then resigned , it was kind of like somebody died ! I mean the atmosphere in the office was like a funeral parlor or something . And then I was afraid people would look at me as a traitor for filling in his spot when the management asked me to ..
Did they mutiny 
Thankful , no . I guess everyone understands the opportunity I had to step into a leadership role is so great for my career . I'm really moving up the ladder now that I'm considered a supervisor . After a couple weeks , it was like nothing happened 
It is a really good chance for you to get more exposure at work . supervisors get to take the credit for all the hard work of the people under them 
Yeah , and they also take the blame , that's what happened to my old boss ..
Guess what I just heard 
What 
The boss is planning to sell the company 
You must be joking 
I need a room for a few days 
That won't be a problem . Could you please tell me your name 
John Sandals . That's S A N D A L S 
Sir , I'm Michelle , and I run the front desk . Please tell me the days you'll be here 
I'll be there in April Friday through Monday , the 14th through the 17th 
We recently changed many things here , sir , including our prices . Do you mind , sir 
Possibly . What's the actual price 
The price will be $ 308 a night 
$ 308 ! That's not bad 
Very good . Now , Mr . Sandals , about the room , smoking or nonsmoking 
Nonsmoking , definitely 
Most of our clients prefer nonsmoking . Now , does a queen sound okay 
Yes , that'll be just fine 
One more second , sir . Your reservation is now verified , so all I need is your phone number 
It's 626-555-1739 
Let me repeat that 626-555-1739 . Okay , sir , we look forward to seeing you in April 
Jack's been looking unhappy lately 
His girlfriend broke up with him 
No wonder ! I'd be unhappy , too 
Are the children all grown up now , Rose 
Oh , yes . Laura ’ s the oldest . She ’ s a computer programmer 
Oh , very interesting . And what about Rita ? She was such a bright child — always reading 
She ’ s a librarian at the public library 
Really ? And Chris ? She was a very pretty little girl 
Christy is working as a waitress at a restaurant in Paris . She ’ s married to a French photographer 
Oh , how interesting . And what about Larry and Rocky 
Larry drives a truck . He drives all over the country . We hardly ever seen him 
Really ? Where does he live now 
Colorado 
And does Rocky drive a truck , too 
Oh , no . Rocky is a pilot 
Really ? Where does he fly ? Does he fly to other countries 
Yes . Mostly to England and France 
About my driving test , did I do well 
You did a fabulous job 
Are you telling me that I passed the test 
That's what I'm telling you 
What did I mess up on 
You did mess up a little on one thing 
Tell me 
You had a little trouble on your parallel parking 
That's not easy for me 
That's something that you really need to work on 
Am I still going to get my license 
You're still going to get it 
We ’ re going to need a lot of new stuff after the holidays . Let ’ s make a list 
Fine , Mr . Richardson . What do you have in mind 
Well , to begin with , we ’ re going to have to get a new desk for you and I ’ d like to replace that old typewriter 
Yes ! I agree ! We could really use another one ! I ’ ll get on that right away ! What else would you like to order 
I'm sorry , but I can't go 
Why not 
I have to see my daughter 
When poyou have to see her 
I have an appointment at one fifteen 
Good morning , Japan Airline domestic reservations . Can I help you 
Yes . I Would like make a reservation to Huston for tomorrow 
The flight to Huston takes off daily every two hours from 6:00 to 11:00 pm . So you don't need a reservation . Seats are available on a ' first come , first served ' basis 
Oh , that's quite convenient . Thank you 
Can you go to the store for me 
Sure , I can go to the store for you . What do you need 
Just a couple things , here's a list 
Is there anything else that you want me to pick up 
No , I think that's all that I need 
Is there any other place you would like me to go to for you 
If you can , could you pick up my prescription for me 
Sure , no problem . Is your prescription ready 
I think so . It should be 
Okay , I'll pick it up for you 
Thank you so much 
You're welcome 
Excuse me , sir , the toilet in my room doesn't flush 
I am sorry , sir . Can you tell me your room number 
812 
Is there anything else I can do for you 
The tap is always driving . I can't sleep well 
OK , we will send a repairman to your room right now 
Excuse me . Is this seat taken 
I'm afraid so 
Are you ready for your big interview tomorrow 
What ’ s to get ready 
Lots ! Have you done any research about the company 
Nope 
Have you updated your CV 
Nope 
I would like to check out now.My room number is 712 
Let me see , Mr . Lee.right ? How would like to pay your bill 
Do you accept traveler's checks 
Yes 
Here you are 
Mary , can you tell me how you keep in shape 
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise 
Now , tell me what you often eat 
I often eat fish and eggs 
Do you eat a lot of vegetables 
Oh yes , and fruits . I love fruits very much 
What do you like to drink 
Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea 
Whatever would you like to drink 
I drink a lot of milk . I drink milk almost every day 
How often do you exercise 
Well , I walk every day 
It's a good diet and a regular exercise 
Yes , quite right 
I want a pair of sports shoes , Adidas 
What size do you want 
I wear size 40 
How about this one ? It's the latest design 
Oh , I like the color 
Hey , Mary . We're back . Have you eaten yet 
I had some bread for breakfast 
Let's go out for brunch 
Brunch 
It is a meal that combines breakfast and lunch . On Sundays , many Americans sleep late and go out for brunch . Those who go to church without having breakfast have brunch also 
Actually , many Taiwanese wake up late on Sunday mornings , too . It may be a good idea for them to eat brunch instead of eating breakfast and lunch 
Have you read the new rules about using cell phone at work 
Yes , not bad . Like turn your cell phone ringer off and find a private place to make calls which it ’ s showing your respect to your co-workers 
Well , but for this one , don ’ t bring your cell phone to meetings , I think it is not reasonable . What if there are some important calls 
Well , this one is not compulsory . It is just suggestion 
I didn ’ t pay attention to that 
What kind of jobs have you had 
I worked as a personnel manager in a state-owned company , and then I transferred to a joint venture as a sales manager . So I am familiar with the exile market in China 
How did your previous employers treat you 
They treated me very well . We cooperated harmoniously and respected each other 
What have you learned from the jobs you have had 
I have learned some skills about how to deal with clients and how to behave myself as a personnel manager 
When you worked in your previous company , which did you prefer , working with other people or by yourself 
I prefered working with other colleagues when I worked in my previous company . I think teamwork and cooperation are very important . No matter how competent he or she is in a company , he can't do without them 
Did you hear about Neil 
No , what 
I hear that he's quitting 
You're kidding 
I'm afraid not ! Now this is just between you and me 
How's business 
So so 
How do you do , Mr.Smith ? This is Lili . I'm calling to thank you for the wonderful dinner we had yesterday . I enjoyed it very much 
You're welcome . I'd like you to join us for dinner again sometime 
Thank you , Mr.Smith . I'm returning to China today 
Today 
Yes . I appreciate all help and in particular , all the time that you've spent on my account during my stay here 
Don't mention it . I am pleased to help you 
If there's anything that I can help you in the future , please let me know 
I'll do that.Thank you.Have a safe trip home 
Could we have the honor of you presence of the meeting 
I'm awfully sorry , I have other plan 
Would you prefer some other time 
I'd love to come other time if it can be arranged 
Are you quite sure you can come next Tuesday 
Certainly , I'll be going 
What time am I supposed to pick you up 
I'll be waiting for you in our office about nine o'clock 
OK 
Well , I've got to go . See you later 
See you . Have a nice day 
Thanks , you too 
Ouch 
Are you all right 
Yeah , I just bumped into the table 
Is this Mr.Smith ' s residence 
Yes , it is 
My name is Paul.Is Mr.Smith in 
Yes , he is 
Can you make a suit for me to measure 
Sure . What about the cloth over there ? It's in fashion 
That's fine 
Come here and I will measure you 
OK 
What is life 
Don't ask such a question . You know it has no certain answer . Everyone knows it is in his heart 
Then do you think that life is arranged by something above us 
Maybe , the whirligig of time , who knows 
Right 
Where did you go yesterday 
I went to play tennis in the public park 
How often do you play tennis 
Twice a week . How about you 
I seldom play tennis . I prefer football and basketball 
But it is very difficult to gather a team of players together 
I usually play with my schoolmates 
Do you like watching football matches 
Yes , I went to the Than He Sports Center for a football match last Sunday 
Oh , I watched it on television . It was an exciting match 
Excuse me , what time is the next train to New York 
Half past 11 
Is it a through one 
No , it's an express 
Well , please give me a first class ticket 
Excuse me . Check please 
OK , how was everything 
Very nice . Thank you 
Would you like this to-go 
Yes , can you put it in a plastic bag 
Sure , no problem . Here you are . That'll be 25 dollars 
Do you take credit cards 
Yes , we accept Visa and MasterCard 
OK , here you are 
Thanks . I'll be right back 
OK 
Here's your receipt 
Thank you 
You're welcome . Please come again 
Daniel , you know ? Lisa has invited us to have dinner this afternoon 
Really ? Let ’ s hit the road 
Can I help you 
Yes , do you have any rooms available 
A single 
No . I need a double and three triples . My family is waiting for me in the car 
Please fill out this form , sir 
Ok ... Here you are 
Here are your keys . Check out time is noon 
Is breakfast included 
No 
I am sorry to say this , but I seem to have lost the key to the safe 
Where do you think you lost it ? Outside the hotel 
Yes , I believe so.How should I compensate for this 
I'm afraid , ma'am , you have to pay U . S . $ 100 since you lost the key 
What ! One hundred U . S . dollars.Is it covered by the insurance 
I'm afraid no.It is not covered by this insurance 
I think I need a new notebook 
Why ? Is there some new , cool computer out on the market 
You bet there is . Feast your eyes on this puppy 
That's a notebook 
Believe it 
It looks more like a toy , or a cool briefcase 
Excuse me , I'm looking for your English textbooks 
They're right over there , next to the dictionaries 
Do you have any textbooks to help improve students ' reading skills 
Let ' s see . These books here focus on grammar , and those are mainly for conversation practice ... Here we are . This book has short passages for students to read and answer questions about 
Great . That ' s just the sort of thing I'm looking for . Thanks 
What happened 
It was just a misunderstanding 
Hello , Hanson . Today I come to say goodbye to you , for I'm going back to London tomorrow 
No , not so soon . Couldn ’ t I persuade you to stay a couple of days more 
Much as I wish to but I really can ’ t . I've already booked the flight 
I hope this won ’ t be our last meeting 
Of course not . You can come to London to visit me in future . And I also will come here if I have a chance 
I will miss you 
I will miss you , too . You're really a good friend 
It's a pity that I'm too busy to see you off tomorrow 
It doesn't matter 
Take care of yourself and remember to keep in touch 
I will 
Goodbye and have a good flight 
Thankyou . Goodbye 
I'm starving . Let's get something to eat 
Can we go somewhere nearby ? I don't feel like walking too far 
Sure . What kind of food do you like 
I mean the food for something spicy 
How about some Korean food ? There's a place right there on the corner 
That sounds great . I love Korean food 
We want to order some of these products 
Mr . Thomas , this is a standard size 
Can you supply us right away 
Yes , we have plenty on hand right now 
Good , we'll take 500 suits 
OK , thanks for the order 
Do you give me a bonus 
Yes . We don ’ t give bonus every month , but we offer semi-annual bonuses 
Do you allow any commission 
Yes . Commission will be given on the basis of your sales revenue . And the percentage will be 2 % of your total revenue 
Hello , this is Steven . May I speak to Mr . Xu 
Yes , speaking 
I need to make an appointment with you today 
OK . What time is it 
3 o'ctock this afternoon 
I ’ m afraid I'll be tied up at 3 o ’ clock this afternoon . Could you make it 5 o'clock this afternoon 
Yes . That would be better 
Fine . Good-bye 
Good-bye 
Like a cat on hot bricks , as you might say . I don ’ t believe you are listening at all 
Sorry , I just worried about him . You know , he should be here an hour ago 
Don ’ t worry him , he has been grown up and I think he can take himself very well 
But he still does not come back 
Maybe he is on the way home now 
Hey ! What happened ? ! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song 
I don't know what happened 
You cancelled the song , didn't you , Jack 
No , I didn't . Really 
Then , is the machine broken or ..
Mr Ludlow , hello . It's good to see you again . What can we do for you today 
Hello , I'm sorry it's been such a long time . I've been away on business . I'd like to discount this 
No problem . Could I please see the bill and all of the other documents 
Yeah , sure . Here they are . Take your time going through them , I'm in no hurry 
There's no problem here , everything's in order . I can transact that for you now 
Do I need to pay anything ? Like a handling fee , or something 
No , you don't need to pay anything on top . We just simply deduct the discounting interest 
I have a little trouble , and I don't know how to deal with it 
What's the matter ? Please tell me . Maybe I can help you 
Tom wants me to write a recommendation letter for him , but I don't know how to write it 
Don't worry . I know about this 
Really ? Tell me without delay 
First you should have a salutation , which can be the company's or a person's name 
Well , I see 
Then you can write about his performance in college , including his academic achievements and his competence 
It's easy to write those 
You can also state his personality traits , hobbies and relationships with schoolmates and so on 
Tom got along well with classmates . He is really a good boy 
You can write all his strengths in the recommendation letter 
What should I write except these 
You should also state that you are his class president , so you are qualified to write this recommendation letter
OK , I will remember 
That's the transfer completed . Can I do anything else for you today 
Yes . I want to deposit some money into my Savings Account , please 
Could I have your Savings Book and the money , please . You are making a deposit of 800 RIB , is that correct 
Correct 
Please enter your PIN number on the keypad 
There we go . Thanks very much 
Will you be voting 
Yes . Will you 
I already have 
How did you do that 
I mailed in an absentee ballot 
Why is that 
I can ’ t vote on Tuesday 
What ’ s the reason for that 
I have to go to work 
You can just go to work after you vote 
I need to take care of some business that morning 
I get it now 
Nice and warm again , isn ’ t it 
Oh , it ’ s lovely . Think of the nasty weather we had last week 
How are you these days 
Fine , thank you . And you 
Fine today , though a bit under the weather last week 
Good afternoon , Lincoln Corporate Services . Lina speaking , how may I help 
Hello , Lina . I'm calling about your new PIN scheme . I'm new to all of this , so some of my questions may sound a little ignorant ..
That's not a problem , I'm more than happy to explain everything in laymen's terms . PIN stands for Personal Internet Banking . You can do all of your usual banking using the Internet , no need to call
I see . How about buying and selling items 
We can take care of that for you , too . You can get all of your usual banking services plus some new extra ones . As this service is net bases , you can do it anywhere 
That's good to know , because I do travel quite frequently 
I'm hungry . Let's go to the snack bar 
ok , what unusual food do you want to try 
I am going to try Gado Gado 
what's that 
it's a kind of rice ball that is made in Malaysia . What about you 
I don't know . I don't know what most of this food is 
do you want noodles , vegetables , rice , meat , seafood , beans , or dessert 
I'd like to have some vegetables first 
have you ever tried tempura 
no , what is it 
it's deep fried vegetables , which is commonly eaten in Japan 
what do you use to eat it 
most people eat tempura with chopsticks , but you can use a fork if you don't know how to use chopsticks 
that sounds great . Do you know if there are any vegetable dishes that are spicy 
let me think . You could get an Indian or Thai vegetable curry , or you could get some Kimchi 
I'll try all of those . How do you know so much about International food 
I used to buy lunch every day from the International food stall at school . Every day was an adventure 
Please point out the painful place with your finger . Is there any relation between the pain and the weather 
Yes , the pain comes more intense when the weather is bad . And the pain comes intense when I walk too much 
Have you ever had any trauma 
Yes , I have 
Does the pian become more intense at night 
Yes , ti does . Just like a needle prick . Besides , the place that hurts often feels cold , too 
Do you have the sensation of ants crawling over the painful part 
Yes , I do 
I'd like to treat you with acupuncture if you agree 
By the way , does acupuncture hurt 
Acupuncture may cause just a little pain , but it also causes a certain feeling of numbness and distension . We'll try it every day for seven days . Will that be all right 
Yes . Let's start today 
This will be your office here 
Really ? Wow , it is great 
We try to get everyone in the upper management team a nice office 
I suppose so . It's great 
I'm glad you like it 
Yes , is there a coffee machine around here 
Yes , we have a coffee machine and some other beverages in the break room 
Where is the break room 
It's just down the hall , the fourth door on your right 
Got it 
You can always call me if you need anything and I will get it for you 
Thank you 
Anita , I ’ Ve been here only three days and you ’ re leaving already 
Just for a few weeks . I need this vacation . You ’ ll be all right . You know the project we ’ re working on , and you ’ re a good scientist . Don ’ t worry . I ’ ll be back as soon as I spend or gamble all my money 
Gambling ? Where 
Las Vegas . I find gambling relaxing . I don ’ t take it seriously , the way some people do . Besides , I love the shows and the all-night atmosphere of the town . The casinos never close , you know 
If you gamble all night , you ’ ll run out of money in a few days 
What else should we do now after the floors are done and after the furniture is in 
We need to redo the curtains and paint all the walls and ceilings 
I'm the painter . You can be in charge of going to curtain shops to choose curtains . That will probably be pretty expensive too . Having good curtains made isn't cheap 
You mean we can't just buy curtains already made 
Absolutely not . The windows must be measured , and then the curtains need to be made professionally . So that will take a while . Maybe a month or so 
While the curtains are being made , I can start having people look at the kitchen . I can't stand that old kitchen . I won't be able to cook there . I don't want to use that electric stove 
We need to find an interior decorating company to redecorate the kitchen . I believe in Portland there are shops that specialize in kitchen renovation . I will look in the Yellow Pages . I'd like a kitchen mostly in ivory and light green 
I agree . The colors must be soft and pleasant . You should feel comfortable when you cook our dinners 
Me ? Cook our dinners ? Hah ! You will be cooking , dear . You will cook 
No , I don't think so . I'll be too busy having tea in our new tea room 
Well , I suppose we'll have to hire a cook then . So you won't be able to afford any clothes next year 
And you'll have to sell your motorcycle . And your cameras . Right 
Maybe I'll cook once or twice a week . How is that 
Four times might be enough . Not once or twice 
Oh , gosh ! I feel everything around me is against me 
Don't take it too hard . There are some tips you should know in job-hunting of 2010 
Well , I am all ears . Maybe they are helpful 
Firstly , you must always show your best to the interviewer . And secondly , try to avoid spamming through e-mails , because this will make the reader go crazy . The last but not the least , there is no substitute for pounding the pavement in such a digital age 
I understand what you mean , and I will not upset myself . Face it 
Good luck to us 
Great Britain Airline , anything I can do for you 
Yes , are there any planes to Paris 
Hold on please , I will check for you . Flight GB152 takes off every day at 13
Yes , please . And I'll need an economy class open return 
OK . Don't forget to get your ticket three days ahead 
How do you get along with your boss 
I had a terrific working relationship with my boss , even though we are very different people . Because I've had a number of bosses , I've come to realize that to make things work , you have to understand what's important to your boss . Then you have to do everything you can to support him ( or her ) . It's natural to think about your own agenda first , but if you help your boss , Ifs likely to move your agenda ahead at the same time . My last boss was great in that regard , she appreciated my efforts and rewarded me when I helped her accomplish her goals 
What do you think is important in your work 
Many are important — intelligence , diligence , information and planning . But the most important , I think , is achieving results 
Do you know that John isn't going to come back to our school 
Really ? Why 
He had moved and held a party on July 1st 
It's a pity that I was traveling around Europe at that time 
Even he's not coming back to school anymore , you still can call him and meet him on weekends 
You're right ! I will call him this weekend and meet him 
Excuse me . Can I get a refund of my ticket ? I have to cancel my trip because I have something emergent to deal with 
Which train is the ticket for 
It is Train No . 249 . It will depart in four hours 
It is not too late . Pass your ticket to me , please 
How much is the cancellation fee 
Five Yuan 
Thanks 
Look out ! A small boy is rushing out blindly 
Gee , how dangerous ! I've almost knocked him down 
You stopped just in time . Good for you 
I braked as hard as I could 
John hasn't got married up to now 
Don't you know that he has been carrying a torch for Mary for years 
Really ? Does Mary know that 
Of course not 
How silly John is 
Excuse me , sir . What would you like to eat , Chinese food or western food 
I'd like to have Chinese food 
Are you going to have this set course or have dinner in the dining room 
Right here , please 
Please put down the table in front of you . It's more comfortable that way 
Oh , thank you . So nice you are 
It's my pleasure . What would you like to drink , milk , tea , coffee , orange juice or iced water 
I want a cup of bean milk . Do you have any 
Yes , here you are . Enjoy your meal 
Thanks a lot . Oh , excuse me . Can I take two value meals ? And I want some chili paste 
OK , enjoy yourself , sir 
Oh , sorry to bother you . I want to know what kind of meat it is 
It is beef . Do you like it 
That's OK . Thanks very much 
You are welcome . Please press that button if you need any help 
OK 
Which language do you speak 
Well , I studied French at school , but I ’ Ve forgotten most of it . I learnt some Russian while I was studying there and now I study Spanish in evening classes . Do you speak Japanese at home with your pa
Yes , I do . I ’ m learning Chinese now on the internet 
How do you find studying a language on the internet 
It ’ s not easy , particularly with listening and speaking , because sometimes the connection isn ’ t too good 
I bet you find the character difficult to write 
Actually , many of the characters are the same or very similar in both Chinese and Japanese , so they ’ re easy for me 
So , you can read and write much better than you speak and understand other speakers , right 
Yes . How are the Spanish classes going 
In a way , it ’ s similar to your experience of learning Chinese . Some Spanish words are very similar to English ones . But I need to practise listening to native speakers and saying the words myself 
You're having coffee , aren't you 
Yes , I always have coffee in the morning 
What are you going to have to eat 
I'm going to order scrambled eggs and toast . What about you 
That sounds good to me . I'll have the same 
Good evening , sir . I think we have reservations . Have you fixed them 
Let me see . Your name , please 
My name is Paul Harper 
We are sorry to bring you so much trouble 
We hope that this dispute can be settled through friendly negotiation without its being submitted for arbitration 
Yes . That's what we want 
What did you get for lunch today 
All I had was a sandwich , chips , and soda 
Where'd you get your food from 
I went to the cafeteria and bought it 
What sandwich did you order 
I ordered a ham sandwich , but they gave me a bologna sandwich instead 
Was it any good 
I enjoyed it , even though I had not asked for it 
I ordered a sandwich there before 
Is that right 
Yeah , and they messed my order up too 
That may be true , but I'm sure you enjoyed your sandwich 
Would you ring these up for me here 
I would be happy to . Did you find everything you needed 
Yes , I did , thanks 
The total is 200 dollars . Would you like to put that on Sears card 
No , I'll pay for it in cash 
Good morning ! May I help you 
Good morning ! Is Mr . Smith in ? I'm Cheng Jun from China National Petroleum Corporation . I'd like to see him 
Do you have an appointment with Mr . Smith 
Am . No , I have an urgency to talk with him 
Wait a moment , please . I'll tell his secretary that you are here 
Thank you 
I'm sorry . He is holding a meeting until ten o'clock 
It's nine o'clock now . And I'll wait for him 
May I try on this pair of shoes 
Of course . What is your size 
I think it's 35 
OK . I'll get it for you 
Hmm , I don't feel very comfortable 
Try this one , please . This is made of real leather and is very soft . How is it 
This is just right for me . I'll take this one 
We will carry out the order when the purchase order gets here 
Good . And because this is our initial order , and your products is so new , we would like to make a deal with you 
Well , actually in most cases we don't talk about special deals , but since this one is so new I will listen to what you have to say 
We want to make this a trial order . If we can sell all the products in two months , we will pay for them ; if not , we will send them back to you 
I can't agree to that . My company will have to pay for both sending them and bringing them back 
We promise that if the products are sold out in two months , we will place a repeat order right away , at the same quality 
OK , I agree . But the repeat order can't have the same terms 
Hey Matt . I just got a job at a consulting firm 
Congratulations . That's great 
I'm so happy . I don't have to worry about finding a job and interviewing anymore 
When do you start 
I start next Monday 
You're going to have to put in a lot of hours you know 
I know . I'm a little nervous , but it's pretty exciting 
I bet . You must be stoked 
Yeah . I'm going to celebrate tonight . Wanna hang out 
Sure . It's on you right 
Of course . How about Toby ? Should we call him 
I don't know . He's a little depressed . He's having a hard time finding a job right now 
I should still tell him . In the least , I can refer him to my company . It might help 
That sounds like a good idea 
I went to Jessie's birthday party yesterday . It was very good 
I didn't know about it . What did you do 
We ate a lot of things . We played games and gave gifts to Jessie . We had a lot of fun 
You were really lucky 
My birthday comes next month . I want to hold a birthday party , too 
I hope I can go to your party 
My son closed his ear to what I said . I don ’ t know what I should do 
You can twist his arm in order to have a control of him 
I cannot have the heart to do that 
Do you sell washing machines 
Yes . We ’ re having a special sale on this machine here 
Is that a Danish machine ? The name looks Danish 
No . It ’ s Swedish . Would you like me to demonstrate it for you 
Sure . I ’ d like to see how it washes 
Bill , your work is too messy 
I'll pay attention to my handwriting next time 
Is this a promise 
Yes , I'm serious this time 
How are you doing today 
Very well . Thank you 
What can I help you with 
Do I have any fees to pay 
As a matter of fact , you do 
How much 
You owe $ 235.13 
That ’ s unbelievable 
Will you be paying some of that off today 
I want to pay all of it off today 
How will you be paying 
I ’ ll be paying with cash 
... Now , that's all I want to say about world coal reserves . So let's move on to the next topic , renewable resources . There are three things we have to consider when talking about renewable resources . First , sustainability ; second , marketability ; lastly , the reality factor . Let's talk about each point in more detail ... John , would you like to take it from here 
Certainly . As my colleague just mentioned , sustainability is a major concern when examining the potential output of a resource . Of course , as you can see from the content of our presentation today , with renewable resource , there is a much larger sustainability than with non-renewable resource 
I wonder if you could help me 
Of course , what's the problem 
Could you take a picture of me to my friend 
Sure thing 
Hi , Mary . I haven't seen you in ages ! I heard that you and Daniel are getting married on August 8th , the opening day of the 2008 Olympic Games . Is it true 
yes , it is . We've been dating for over 7 years . We have decided to get married on a special day and we think August 8th , 2008 is a red-letter day 
good for you ! It sounds like you've done a lot of planning in a very short time 
yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc ..
is everything ready now 
almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive 
have you tried The Peninsula Palace Beijing ? My wedding reception was held there and they did an excellent job 
yes , we called , but it is booked up . The only choice is the Regent Beijing but we haven't made up our minds yet 
it's an excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive 
that's why we want to have a look at other hotels . We don ’ t want to spend too much on an extravagant wedding reception 
I guess you're right . I can help you ask other hotels . I am sure there are probably some available 
thank you 
my pleasure 
Hello , Mr . Hammer . Jack Ross here . I'm calling to confirm our appointment on Monday at ten o'clock in your office 
Yes . Everything's all set 
I'd like to bring Mr . Huang and Ms . Sun with me 
We're supposed to be meeting alone 
I know , but I think they may add something valuable to the discussion 
Fine . But no one else , OK 
Yes , Mr . Hammer 
Tom's new business will do well 
I don't think so . There's too much competition 
How do you like the food 
It tastes really great . Did you cook it 
Yes . I made it this afternoon . Would you like some more 
OK , just a little though . I'm really full 
Oh . Would you like some soup instead 
What kind is it 
Tomato and rice . Have you had that before 
No . This is my first time . How does it taste 
It's good , try it . What do you think 
Wow . It is good . Did you make that also 
Yes 
You're a really good cook 
Thanks , next time I'll make chicken soup for us 
That sounds good . Did you study cooking in school 
No , I learned by myself . I have a good cook book that I read when I have time 
Please come in , Steven 
All right , Mr . Green 
Have a seat over there . How are things going out in the office 
Pretty well . Everyone is working hard 
But , our business has been going down sharply the couple of months and we have to reduce some staff 
You mean I'm among the people who have to go 
I'm afraid so 
Did I do something wrong 
You're the sales manager , but our sales didn't go up 
But you know I've been working very hard . And I have a family to support 
I feel sorry , but that's the decision of the directorate 
Jared , I just heard about your father . How is he doing 
He's in the hospital resting . The doctor's didn't give a clear answer yet 
I'm so sorry to hear that . But this is a good hospital . I'm sure they will do whatever they can 
I hope so 
You must feel really worried right now . But you know your dad is a fighter 
Yeah . I think my mom is the most worried . I'm basically worried about how she is doing 
Where is she right now 
She's in the hospital with my dad . I have to go back tonight 
Hey , I'll go with you 
You don't have to 
It's really no problem 
Ok . Let's go right after dinner 
So you're traveling around the world , aren't you 
That's right
When did you arrive here 
Last night
Did you have a good journey 
Yes , I enjoyed it very much 
Where have you been on this trip 
Let me see . Ah , yes , I've been to England , France , Germany , Italy and now I've been in Spain
Really ? How long will your holiday last 
Two weeks
All these countries in two weeks 
That's right
How's business 
Couldn't be better 
I can't believe it ! I lost 
It looks like you have to buy tickets for us , Jason . And we're not going to see an action movie 
That's not fair , you got all the easy questions 
I guess that's just the luck of the draw 
I want a rematch . Let's play again 
Sorry , not tonight 
Are you coming or not 
I haven't decided yet 
Well , make up your mind . We need to know 
Ok , count me in 
Mary , why are you so tired 
I go to the personnel market every day , and put a lot of energy into it 
Why don't you think about applying for a job on the Internet 
On the Internet ? I have never tried that way 
Well , it's very convenient and very popular now 
So how to apply for a job on the Internet 
Just get online and send your application through email to the employer 
But how can I know which employer is hiring 
You could place your job hunting information on the Job Wanted channel on a recruitment website 
Will the employers see my information 
Yes . If they think you are a fit , maybe they will contact you 
Is it safe to job hunt on the Internet 
If you log in some formal websites , it must be very safe 
I will give it a try at once 
Hang out the clothes 
But it's raining 
I have been washing the dishes for over a week now 
Well , I think you are very good at doing the dishes , so maybe you should do them for another week 
No . We made an agreement that we would take turns doing the dishes . Now it's your turn to do them 
OK , I'll do them 
Mr Jacobs ! Lovely to see you again ! What can I do for you today 
I'd like to make a deposit please , into my granddaughter's account . It's her birthday on Friday 
What a thoughtful granddad ! Do you have her account details with you 
Yes , right here 
Great . Please fill them out on this deposit slip 
Here ? And here 
That's right . How much do you want to pay in 
1,000 RIB 
Not just a thoughtful granddad , but a generous one too 
It's an important birthday 
Some people are always closing their handsets , so it's difficult to inform them 
Why not send them short messages 
Can short messages reach them 
Short messages will be kept in the short messages center . Once they open the handsets they will receive them , which is better than you can't find them 
Why haven't I thought of this skill 
I use short messages quite a lot . If it's not too complicated I will send a short message , which can save much phone charge 
I am informed that many people used short messages to pay a New Year call , and only on the Spring Festival it amounted to 1 billion this year , didn't it 
I almost can't live without messages , from which I learn about weather forecasts and stock quotations 
Have you met John 
Yeah , he came back from America last week 
Have you noticed how fluently he speaks English ? He has only lived in America for less than three months 
He must have a good ear 
I had to announce his innocence in court today , but it left a nasty taste in my mouth 
You mean you suspect him 
I ’ m not sure . I ’ ll try to prove my feeling 
I hope I can do something for you 
It rumored that Jean is fooling around with another woman's husband 
You gossip ! What's the basis of your opinion 
Someone declared that he saw it 
I don't believe it . Jean is such a kind lady . How could she do this 
Who knows ? You can't judge a book by its cover 
Maybe 
I want a suit of workmanship and suitable for formal meetings.Would you recommend some brands 
How about these famous brands ? Such as pierre Cardin ..
I'm afraid that's a bit beyond my means 
Then you can try some local products.They ' re also of good quality 
IBA , Client Services Department . Shelley speaking , how can I help 
Client Services ? Oh , hello . I need your help 
Certainly , that's what we're here for . What can I help you with 
I'm a tourist in this city and unfortunately I've lost my card 
Calm down , Sir . Is that an IBA Debit or Credit Card 
Credit Card . The International Credit Card , I can't find it anywhere 
Just calm down , Sir . OK , when do you think you lost it 
I'm not 100 % sure , around an hour ago I guess . I had it in the hotel lobby bar ; I used it to charge something to my room . I obviously didn't pick it up again 
That's fine , Sir . Let me just take some details FRCM you and we can help you 
Thank you . Thank you very much 
Hello , can I speak to Mark Wyatt , please 
I am sorry . I can ’ t hear your very clearly . Could you say that again , please 
Does Mark Wyatt work there 
Mark Wyatt ? I am sorry . The line is terrible.Could you spell that for me , please 
W-Y-A-T-T , Mark Wyatt 
W-Y-A-T-T , Got it . I haven ’ t heard of the name.Could you hold on the line when I check 
No problem 
My computer isn't working 
Tell me what the problem is 
I'm trying to turn it on , but it won't work 
Try checking the connections 
Which ones are you referring to 
The cords that you see behind your CPU that plug into an outlet 
Is that why it won't turn on 
If they're not connected right , that will keep it from turning on 
I did not know that 
You should check the connections 
I'm going to do that 
Tell me if it's still not working 
I got the job you recommended me for last week 
That's great ! Congratulations 
I really don't know how I can thank you enough 
Oh , it's my pleasure . After all , you are very qualified for the position 
Thank you very much indeed.You helped me rebuild my self-confidence 
Don't mention it.You ' re always been good.What do you say we go out to celebrate 
That would be great 
That looks graceful on you 
Thank you.But it is too bright for me 
How about this brown one 
Let me try it on . I like that color 
Ok , i will get one for your.Here you are 
But it is too loose.Do you have the smaller size 
Sorry , it had been sold out 
What a pity 
Sandrawu Chunk International 
Hello , Miss Wu , This is Dan Robson calling from OTC limited . I'd like to check my last order . When exactly was it sent out 
I can check that for you right now . Would you mind holding 
Sure . No problem 
Mr . Robson , I'm sorry . Our computer system is down . Could I call you back later 
Sure . Do you have my number 
Yes , I have it right here . I'm so sorry about this 
No problem . I'll wait for your call 
I can bet the farm that you will regret about your decision . You cannot find a better one 
How can you be so sure ? You haven ’ t been together with her , have you 
No . But I ’ m sure she is a good girl . My sixth sense tells me so 
Then try it yourself 
Would you like a cup of coffee 
No , thank you 
I'm going to get one for myself . They make really good coffee here 
On second thought , I will have a cup 
Shall we visit the Summer Palace tomorrow 
Good . I don't want to leave Beijing without visiting it 
How far is it from our hotel 
It's about 5 kilometers 
If we start early , do we have some time for Yuanmingyuan 
I think so . We can go there in the afternoon if you like 
Decent dressing and appearance , which contribute to a good first impression of the interviewer , are surely quite important 
Of course . Generally speaking , dressing should be tidy and neat , and match well with your identity , age , and experience 
Whatever you wear , it should perfectly reflect your confidence and vitality
Professional suits may be the best choice 
Gentlemen should wear western-style suits in the interview , which will help you look handsome 
Ladies should wear professional suits , either classical style or free style . It would be appropriate to wear a little or no make-up 
But those fashionable and shiny clothes should be avoided 
Name brand is not necessary . Anything decent will be fine 
You should present the best of yourself in order to achieve success in the interview 
Only when you dressing keep in accordance with that of other people around can you feel harmonious and relaxed 
In a word , dressing and appearance are indeed important , but it should never be all 
In other words , too much emphasis on it is undoubtedly to neglect the essentials 
have you ever been to Disneyworld 
when I was young , my parents took me to the one in California . I always forget which — is that one Disneyland or Disneyworld 
the one in Florida is Disneyworld and the one in California is Disneyland , so you must have been to Disneyland 
that's right . Why do you ask 
well , I've never been to either so I was thinking of going to Disneyworld for my honeymoon 
when are you getting married 
some time next year . We haven't set the date yet 
congratulations ! I had no idea 
thank you . So what do you think ? Would we have a good time 
do you like amusement parks 
for the most part , yes . Some of the rides are bit too scary for me , though 
if you don't think twice about the rides and go on every ride that you can , you'll have a good time 
even the roller coasters that go through tunnels in the dark 
even those . It'll be very romantic , I think . You'll have loads of fun 
thanks for the advice . I'll talk to my fiance about it tonight 
I'm sure he'll love the idea . Just throw yourself into it and you'll enjoy it 
Hello , may I speak to Kevin , please 
Speaking 
Hey ! Are you getting dressed 
Yes , I am 
Why ? What time is it 
It's a quarter to eight . I'm going to work 
But it's Saturday ! 
I'm working on Saturday mornings this month.Are you getting up 
No , I'm not . I'm staying in bed 
OK . See you at noon 
If I'm awake 
I'd like to talk with you again about what happened 
Oh , come on . Let's not beat a dead horse 
Give me a book please , Jane 
Which book ? This one 
No , not that one . The red one 
This one 
Yes , please 
Here you are 
Thank you 
Would you like to go skiing with me ? I heard the new ski area is great . They have safe tracks , especially for the beginners and provide free training . I think it suits you best 
Sounds not bad ! You know , the only thing I worried about is the safety . I ’ m not an active exerciser and my muscle may be not strong enough for such an intense sport 
Then you can go to the three-day-long training camp first . There ’ re some professional teachers and they can guide you to do certain necessary exercise 
I will think about it 
Come on ! It is really a fun game 
Could you please help me to check out the book 
Sure , what's the author's name , please 
I can't remember that clearly . It probably be Charles ..
Charles Dickens 
No , no , no . I'm not interested in literature 
OK , do you know the title of the book 
Oh , sorry . I'm always absent-minded . I remember that I've put a note in my pocket 
So , show me the note please 
I can't find it now 
Oh , such bad luck , sir . Can you please name the category of the book 
Let me see . It's not fiction . It's biography 
OK , I'll search it for you . A moment , please 
Thanks 
Where can I get a good novel 
There's a bookstore just across the street 
Hello , this is Wal-mart . Can I help you 
Hello . What time do you close , please 
We close at 10:00 every day . And we open at 9:00 in the morning 
Oh . Ok . And are you open on the weekends 
Same hours as on the weekdays 
Wow . You guys never take a break ! I want to come in and have a look at your sale . Your sale is still on , isn't it 
Yes , it runs till the end of the month . But things are clearing out fast 
Ok , I'll come down tonight . Thanks 
Thank you for calling 
OK darling , got some pizzas , potato chips , hot dogs and lots of cheese 
Oh John , I thought we said we would start eating right ! Remember ? Our new healthy lifestyle ? That ’ s all junk food 
Humph ! Right , so what did you get 
Well , healthy food , of course ! I got some whole wheat bread , skimmed milk , fresh fish and organic carrots ..
Organic ? What ’ s organic ? Do we need organic carrots ... 
They were grown without using any chemicals that are harmful to our health . And yes , John , we need organic carrots ..
Oh , so organic vegetables are the green option , right 
Yup , better for the environment and better for us 
Wait a minute , that ? ... Doughnuts ? They organic doughnuts , Kelly 
I like doughnuts 
I had a wonderful evening 
I did , too.Come and visit us again , will you 
I will 
Excuse me , is this seat taken 
Er ... no , go ahead 
You work upstair , right ? I think I have seen you before . I'm Karren , Karren Brown 
Nice to meet you , Karren . I'm Tim Wang 
Happy to know you , Tim 
Who gave my dog this cooked chicken bone 
I did . Why 
Didn't you know dogs shouldn't eat cooked chicken bones because they're bad for their stomachs 
No , I didn't . I'm sorry . It won't happen again 
well , I finished my last final today 
the end of all the hard work for my master's . what a nice feeling to get my degree 
do you want to attend the convocation 
certainly . After years of hard work , I wouldn't miss it . By the way , where can I find cap and gown 
do you want to have them made or do you want to rent them 
oh , I think they're provided by the school for that special day 
no . those you have to provide for yourself 
what do most of the students do 
well , most of them only need a cap and gown for that particular convocation service , but some of the education majors have had them made , because they will be faculty members , and they'll need them f
then , I might as well have them made 
Mary , don't move . Stand right there . It's a good shot . The background is very pretty 
hold it a second . I want to fix my hairpin 
it doesn't matter . Say'cheese ' 
here's Lisa . May I take a picture with her 
Certainly . Ok , got you 
Hello , Grace . That's a beautiful skirt you have on . Where are you going 
I am going to attend an interview 
What kind of job are you applying for 
My major is English . Of course I'll apply for an English teacher 
Oh . That dress doesn't exactly match the job 
Why ? You said my skirt was beautiful just now 
Yes , your skirt is really beautiful , but you are applying for a teaching position . You see , your skirt is very short , and your make up is too thick . What's more , the color of your lipstick doesn't match your skin . As a teacher , you should be a little more sedate 
Then what should I do 
Some of my friends tell me that being a teacher , the most important is the beauty of mind . You shouldn't pay too much attention to your appearance . You should appear frugal and prudent . Your experience and knowledge will gain the appreciation of your interviewer 
Welcome to our university ’ s fifties anniversary , Sir . Please have a seat 
Thank you . Wow , your school has so many honors . Congratulations 
Thank you 
Excuse me . I wonder see Dean Mr . Lee first . I was wondering if could you tell me where his office is 
Certainly . Mr . Lee ’ s office building at the south end of the campus , just beside the library 
Excuse me 
Let me show you the way . Please follow me 
Thank you very much . It ’ s very kind of you 
My pleasure 
This is it 
It ’ s up on the second floor . You have to use the stairs . The elevator isn ’ t working 
Hello , Bob . Can you give me an update of the situation 
Mary's is handling it 
Is everything under control 
Of course . Mary is our most experienced member 
Thomas , would you be so kind as to lay the table for me ? I'm busy in the kitchen 
Of course ! Where are the things 
They're all here 
Right ! I'll do it straight away 
Thanks a lot . I'm most grateful 
Hi , Dave . You're early 
So you knew it was me 
I had an idea 
Look , before we get into the secret admirer thing , I want to talk to you about WebTracker 
I'm sorry . I know you feel betrayed 
So you're really planning to quit invoking and switch over to WebTracker 
My mind is made up 
How much will it amount to 
Wait a minute . It's $ 80.5 
Do you receive traveler's checks 
Sorry , sir . We accept cash only 
can I see these silk ties 
No problem 
I ’ ll take this one 
Good . Anything else ? The tie pins ? The cuff links 
No , thank you . I want to have a look at that scarf 
Ok . We have several kinds of scarves here . Let me get them for you . Just wait a minute 
Oh . I like this one . I have been looking for this color and design . Please wrap it for me , and I ’ ll take it 
Dad , do you know where Mom is 
I think she is in her room putting a little something together for you to take to school with you 
She'd better not start crying like she usually does 
I know , but she is going to miss you something awful . Have I told you how proud I am of you 
Dad , now don't you go getting mush on me 
I mean it . You have really shown us that you are prepared to take on the adult world 
That means a lot to me Dad . Thanks 
We have great confidence in you 
Hi , Tony . Haven ’ t seen you for a long time . How have you been 
OK , I ’ Ve been looking for a job for days , and I haven ’ t found one yet . It's so hard finding work these days . Have you had any luck 
Yes , I've got a job , a waiter's job in a restaurant 
Are you well paid 
Well , $ 10 per hour , but I can keep the tips . That comes to roughly $ 80 every evening
Not bad 
Actually , there's still another opening . If you are interested , you ’ ll surely get it 
That ’ s great ! I ’ ll go there right now and speak with the boss 
There ’ s no rush . You can see him tomorrow . I ’ Ve told him about you . He promised to give you the job 
That was nice of you , Susan . Thanks a lot 
Think nothing of it , Tony . I ’ m sure you ’ d do the same for me 
Could you tell me a bit more about the work there ? I mean , those dos and don'ts . I am a green hand , you know 
First of all , you must be punctual . You should be there before 6 p . m . so that you will have half an hour for preparation changing clothes and things like that . Then , remember you should smile . Smile to your customers all the time . Never pull a long face even If you feel awful that day . Anything else ? Oh , yes . Never argue with your boss . Learn to say ' Yes , sir . 
Be a yes-man , you mean 
You may put it that way if you like . Don ’ t worry . You ’ ll have no problem 
I hope not 
Who is the next one 
It's Peter's turn 
Give the mike to him 
OK 
Be quiet . He is singing 
I thought he only liked to listen 
So did I 
He has a really good voice 
Yes , he sings wonderfully 
Where did you get all these barney tour pamphlets 
I took them from a travel agency . Look at those nice pictures , lash forest , palm fringed , white sand beaches , crystal blue ocean , they ’ re breath-taking . It is like paradise on earth 
That ’ s why it ’ s become a very popular holiday destination these years . Someone told me the service there is very good too . Are you planning to spend the holiday there 
Yes , I ’ m thinking about signing up for a tour in the travel agency . Their next tour starts the same time as my holiday does next month 
How many days is the tour 
10 days . When I get back , I still have two days to go before work . Isn ’ t that great 
That ’ s a perfect plan . Enjoy yourself 
Lady , you look unhappy . What ’ s the beef 
A man stepped on my feet when I was waiting for the taxi 
Good morning . I want to deposit 3,000 yuan in your bank 
Yes . Do you have a savings account in our bank 
No , I haven't . It is the first time for me to come to deposit money here 
How long do you want to keep it in our bank 
Two years , please 
You have to fill in this form with your name , address , ID card number , deposit term and the amount you want to deposit 
OK . What should I do if I want to draw my money before maturity date for an urgent use 
Don't worry . You can draw your money at any time . But you'll not receive the time deposit return of interest . What we can offer is a current one 
I see . By the way , what if I forget to cash my money when the maturity comes 
In that case , we'll just regard your account as a regular savings account from then on 
I see 
I'd like you to bring me some food 
Just name it , sir 
Please send up a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare 
Regrettably , we're currently out of filet mignon . May I suggest the porterhouse instead 
Sure , I love porterhouse , too 
Would you be interested in chocolate-covered strawberries with the champagne 
I'd love to , but I'm allergic to strawberries 
Okay , no strawberries tonight . The items will be charged to your amenities account 
Go right ahead 
Our staff will bring you your order in as short a time as possible 
Eric , how long will you be in China 
I don't know . Well , my contract here is for one year , and I don't know what I should do after that . Maybe going around for a while 
Well , have you ever thought about learning some Chinese 
Actually , I am learning that now . But it's too hard for me . You know the four tones and the stuff . It really freaks me out 
Don't worry . All things are difficult before they are easy 
You hit the nail right on the head 
Well , are you invested in some language-exchange program 
What is it 
It's where I teach you Chinese , and in exchange you teach me English 
Awesome . I've been giving this a lot of thought . When can we do this 
How about this sunday 
Ok , cool 
Good . I'll give you a call tonight 
No problem 
Bye 
Let's eat out 
Why not 
Her dress looks funny 
I wouldn't say that . It looks fine to me 
Are you kidding She is behind the times . That style went out last year 
Oh , come on , as long as it looks good on her 
Well , you ’ re really as out-dated as she is 
You ’ re darn right . I am out of style . So what What's the point of keeping yourself in style
No wonder you never buy me a new dress 
Is Tom in 
Wrong number 
Isn't this Li's residence 
No , it is not 
Oh , I'm sorry 
Jane is going to quit her job in the bank 
You must be joking . The job is nice and she is well paid 
It's true , but she says she is tired of counting others ' money 
I'd like to have internet on my computer 
Do you know what kind of internet you would like to get 
What are my options 
You can either get dial-up or DEL 
Which one would you recommend 
DEL is the best choice 
Why is DEL better 
It's a lot better because it doesn't tie up your phone line 
What exactly does that mean 
Well , with dial-up your internet is connected by your phone line 
That means that I can't use my phone and the internet at the same time , right 
That's right . You won't have that problem with DEL 
Janice , the president of our company , Mr Smith , will invite two programmers to give us a lecture this afternoon . Are all the members notified 
Yes . I have given all the designers notice of meeting by telephone 
Is the room ready for the lecture now 
Yes , I have prepared . I have also prepared a meeting memo 
Excellent . How about the microphone and speaker 
I have also got them ready for the lecture 
Write up the official notice in duplicate . Do not forget to put name cards and pens on the tables for our guests 
Sure 
How would you seat them 
I have prepared name cards to be put on the conference table for everyone to sit by . What time would you like to provide the refreshment 
Well , after the half of the meeting , there will be an interval for rest and refreshment 
Three other people started to bid . One called himself Buddhabuyer , so I knew he meant business . I raised my bid twice , but it kept going up 
How high did the price go 
I don't know . I dropped out at $ 250 
You didn't watch the end of the auction 
No . It wasn't the super bargain I thought it was 
How upsetting ! He has been away for a week 
I don't know if anything terrible has happened 
I have reported it to the police 
We'd better prepare for the worst 
Good morning , madam 
Good morning 
May I help you 
Yes , I want to change some money 
This way , please 
Thank you 
You're welcome 
Did anyone call 
Just Mr . White 
What did he want 
He wouldn't say over the phone 
Hello , ma ’ am . Can I help you 
I ’ m looking for a sweater 
What size are you looking for 
Well , I ’ m looking for size 10 but you don ’ t have it 
How about this one ? I think it looks terrific on you 
Yes , I like the color . Can I try it on 
Sure . The fitting room is on your right 
It fits well . I like it a lot . What do you think 
You look pretty in red 
Oh , it ’ s my favorite . How much is it 
$ 29.99 
Okay . I ’ ll take it . Thank you very much for your help 
You ’ re welcome 
Ernie , I'm really excited about starting this band together . We're going to be the two coolest students on campus 
I know ! It's gonna be great . But what kind of music do you think we should play 
That's a good question . You know I love hip hop , so maybe we can play some Vanilla Ice songs 
Hmm ... Vanilla Ice ? I know his most famous song , " Ice Ice Baby , " but I don't know his other songs 
That's OK . You can buy his songs on iTunes and listen to them 
Hello , Does my room have internet access 
Yes , it does , sir 
How do I use it 
First connect your laptop to the cable in the desk . Then open up your web browser 
Ok 
You can buy credit on the hotel website or at the business centre 
Ok , thank you 
I am calling to ask the position of HR manager . Could you tell me more about it 
Yes . We are looking for someone who are well-educated and have all-round experience as a manager 
I have a master's degree in HR management in Peking University . And I worked as a HR manager in a European enterprise for many years . I know it is not just some clerical issues , but more social work with reason and patience 
Great . What about having a formal interview on Monday next week 
OK , thanks a lot . See you then 
Good morning , sir . May I help you 
Yes , thank you . I want to get a handbag 
Do you want it for yourself or for your girlfriend 
No , I have no girlfriend 
Please excuse me for what I said just now . What do you think of this one 
I am afraid it is too big 
Sorry . It is the smallest size we have 
Too bad . But , is there any other leather store nearby 
Oh , yes . There is a big one at the right corner of the street . Perhaps you will get one there 
I hope so . Thanks 
I immigrated here last year 
What do you do 
I am an engineer in a mechanized farm 
You are an early bird , Tom . What do you do in the morning then 
Exercise . The morning hours are the most precious period within a single day . We should not pass them up easily . Seize the time and do something useful 
So , you choose to spend it on bodybuilding . Where do you exercise 
Usually , I run to the Black Bamboo Park as a warm-up . Admission is free . Then I start my activities 
Do you do the same exercises every day 
No , I've deliberately kept a balance between various exercises ; parallel bars , push-ups , sit-ups , bunny-hops , five-kilometer run , and so on . I alternate them over the weekdays . Sometimes , when I find myself in a bad state , I will simply idle about in the park 
Why don't you just stay in bed when you are feeling unfit for exercising 
It's not easy to keep a good habit , you know . I fear that if I fail to get up early one day , I may find it still more difficult to rise early the next . Besides , a mere walk in the early morning is much fun , too . Here and there in the park , you meet whole gangs of senior citizens who might be singing operas or old songs , playing er'hu , chess , or just chatting and gossiping . It's interesting to join them 
Oh , yes . Singing is also a good way of keeping fit , at least mentally 
Excuse me . Is anyone in that seat next to you 
No , I don't think so 
Do you mind if I put my jacket there 
No . It's no problem.Are you American 
Yes . And you 
No . I'm from Taiwan . Can't you see 
Well , there are many Chinese Americans , you know.And your English is very good . You sound like an American 
I don't think so . You are flattering me 
No , really . I can only hear a little accent 
Are you flying home 
Well , yes . Actually , I'm going back to visit 
You were visiting Taiwan 
No , I'm going back to America to visit . I'm from America , but I don't live there now . I live in Taichung 
Really ! You live in Taiwan 
Yes . Why not 
May I ask what your job is in Taiwan 
Sure . I teach history in a university . Have you heard of Dong-Hai University 
Of course . It's a good school . How long have you lived in Taichung 
I have lived in Taichung for two years now.So this is the second time I am going back to states . I go back once a year to visit my family 
It must be strange for you to live in Taiwan 
No , it isn't strange at all.Many people from Taiwan move to America too , you know.Do you think it is strange for them 
No . Well , I don't know.But Taiwan is so crowded . Don't you miss life in America 
I don ’ t know what I ’ m going to do ! It ’ s going to be impossible to make ends meet if I lose my job 
don ’ t worry . I don't think you ’ re going to lose your job over one mistake 
it was a rather big mistake . When you work as an investment adviser , ONC small mistake can cost the company millions 
but it wasn ’ t just you who was involved , right ? You were only doing what your supervisor told you to do 
that ’ s true , but my supervisor is very dishonest . There ’ s no reason he needs to tell our boss the truth . I ’ m sure he will tell our boss that it was all my fault , and there ’ s nothing I can do about tha
let ’ s think realistically about what might happen . How much money do you have in your savings 
I have enough to live off of for about 3 months . But I really don't want to spend my life savings on just living ! I ’ d rather invest my money somehow 
well , that ’ s good . If you lose your job , you can just move in with me until you find another job . That will save you plenty of money 
that ’ s very generous of you . I guess that would work 
if you lose your job , you just have to go for a few months without buying all the junk you usually buy . If you live frugally , you ’ ll save plenty of money 
I guess working with so much money has made me rather greedy . Maybe losing my job would be a good thing 
I like to stay here 
Why 
People are very kind down your way . You ’ re lucky 
Yes , do you always gather to welcome new comers 
Never 
Really 
Yeah . People down our way hardly speak to each other 
Hello , Mr . Brown . How are you today 
I ’ m very well , thank you 
that ’ s good to hear . Shall we get started ? I see from your application form that you ’ Ve worked as a maintenance man for over 7 years 
yes , that ’ s true 
what kind of work did you do 
I fixed many kinds of machine tools such as milling machines , grinders , welders , etc . I also repaired other things such as vacuums , toilets , locks , etc . I also did some electrical work . I took some courses about electrical systems 
That ’ s good . What kind of electrical work did you do 
I took care of commercial and residential coolers and heaters . I fixed many kinds of power failure problems . Some co-workers and I even rewired part of a building 
well , your work experience sounds good for the job we have open . Now tell me about the best job you ’ Ve ever had , please 
the best job ? What do you mean 
like the job you feel the most proud of 
I think my favorite job so far was when I worked for Linaria . It was hard work but the people on my job crew were great to work with . We really worked as a team . I enjoy working with those people 
Tell me something about a time when you did something well , something you feel proud of 
I fixed a big problem with a machine and saved a lot of money for the factory . I got bonus for it 
that ’ s great . No wonder you feel proud of that . Now let me ask you another question 
Go ahead , please 
in all the jobs you ’ Ve had , what was it you disliked the most 
wow , this question is hard to answer . I don ’ t think I ’ Ve ever had a job that I really disliked . But I dislike work that is monotonous , always the same from day to day . I like to move around and do different things 
all right . Do you have any questions 
no . I can ’ t think of any right now 
you ’ ll hear from us by the end of this week 
thank you very much . I ’ m looking forward to hearing from you about this job 
Do you have any certificate that has something to do with tourism 
Yes , I have the Tour Guide Certificate 
Why do you choose our travel agency 
Because your travel agency has a good fame in this market ; what's more , all the staff here are working very hard . I like doing some challenging job 
I'll always remember my college days 
Oh yeah 
It was one of the best times in my life . It was tough , but I made it . I became a college graduate 
How did you feel when you graduated 
It was a round day for me . My family attend the graduation ceremony . I was so nervous . I couldn't find my cap and gown , but all worked out in the end 
What did you do after graduation 
I was planning to attend gradate school , but then I was offered a good job doing marketing , so I changed my mind 
Sounds like you're happy with your decision 
I sure am . So what about you ? How did you feel when you graduated 
It was also a proud day for me , but I also felt like a kind of loss that day 
How could it be 
While seeing others going to work or continue their study , I didn't know what I would do 
You didn't have an offer 
I had one , but I didn't like the job very much . I wanted to attend graduate school , but I was afraid it would be too tough 
I think you lack in the power of decision . Once you make your decision , don't be overtaken by misgivings and fear . Just go full steam ahead 
Would you like a smoking or non-smoking room 
Non-smoking , please 
Hello , I ’ d like a return to Xi ’ an please 
Certainly . When do you want to travel 
Tomorrow 
Ok , no problem . What class of service would you like - soft sleeper or hard sleeper 
How much is the soft sleeper 
The soft sleeper costs 600RMB one way and the hard sleeper is 400RMB one way 
Ok , I ’ ll take a return ticket on the soft sleeper please 
Our supervisor Lester does . Actually , Lester is kind of like the kitchen god 
The kitchen god ? What does he do 
He just stays in the kitchen and watches you . Before the Chinese New Year , the kitchen god tells his boss whether you were good or bad this year . Just like Lester does 
Oh , no ! I did a lot of bad things this year . I hope the kitchen god isn't like Lester--he blabs my mistakes to everybody 
Actually , there's a way to keep the kitchen god from telling the bad things you did 
What is it ? Tell me ! Will it work for Lester , too 
I think so ! Just serve a lot of sweet dishes next week . That will make the kitchen god say sweet things about you 
Hmm . Are you sure that will work ? I already tried giving chocolate to Lester 
And what happened 
His face broke out and he said it was my fault 
She has contributed to a new school 
Oh , I know . She is a famous woman and a focus of the newspaper now because of this thing 
I hear the school is very modern . It has the best equipments 
Yes . Do you know its name 
She said she would name it after her father 
Oh , I think she wants to do this thing in memory of her father 
Did you hear about car accident on Spring Road yesterday 
Yes , I did . I heard that they took both drivers to hospital . One needed surgery 
Yes . I heard he had a few broken bones too , but that the doctors have set the fractures without any problems 
The second driver was luckier . He had a concussion and needed some stitches for his head wound 
Yes . He was released from hospital yesterday evening . The other man could be there for weeks 
I understand that he ’ s connected to a heart monitor and breathing apparatus . His condition can ’ t be very good 
The hospital announced this morning that his condition is poor but stable . What does that mean 
It means he ’ s really badly injured , but he will almost certainly survive 
His family will be pleased to hear that . They must have been so worried 
hello , Kate ! How are you doing 
fine , thanks . How are you 
fine . How are your term papers 
oh , my lord . I haven't really started them 
how could it be ? They are due two weeks later 
I know but I was busy with my part-time job the last few days 
Kate , you know , I am thinking of getting a part-time job next year because I really need more money and I don't want to ask my parents for any more . But I'm so busy ! How am I going to work and study
to be honest with you , Jason , I don't think I'm doing a very good job of balancing my schoolwork with my job . I'm always two steps behind . I've got to get back to the dorm and continue writing tha
my advisor 
Your PC is so amazing . Are you doing trade on internet 
Thank you for your compliment . I bought this PC with my first-month salary . I am getting to know the on-line trade 
I'm wondering if you often trade with others on the internet 
Yes , I often do business through internet now 
Oh , really ? Is it a good way 
Yes , very gorgeous . Sometimes , I can deal with my business without stepping out of our house 
What advantages does it have 
Firstly , it is convenient . And secondly , it has low cost , because you know you only need to pay the fee of internet service 
I agree with you . It will cost too much when going abroad to join the exhibition 
The most important is that it is very convenient . You know you can browse the website and send E-mails to your customers at any time . Even you can have e-contract with your regular customers 
So cool , if we do business through other ways , it will cost a lot of time 
Sure , but every coin has two sides . Doing business through the internet is not as safe as doing business through traditional ways 
Will you give me some suggestion 
Of course , such as Alabama , which is a famous website 
Thank you . Maybe I will do business through internet in the future 
I'd like to change some US dollars into euros and I'd like to know today's exchange rate 
According to today's exchange rate , every US dollar in cash is equivalent to 0.75 euros 
Is there any service charge 
We charge a 1 euro commission on each deal . How much would you like to change 
400 US dollars . Here it is . Would you please give me small bills 
No problem 
This position requires a high level of English ability . How is your spoken and written English 
I have learned English for 10 years , and I have passed College English test level 4 and 6 
What other foreign languages do you speak 
I have taught myself Japanese in college , and I can carry on simple conversations in Japanese 
Anything else 
I have a driver's license , and two years of driving experience 
What special skills do you have 
I am very familiar with Windows operating system 
Have you got any special training in programming 
No , but I have taken elective courses in computer in college 
Do you have a good psychological resilience 
I think I can work well under pressure 
Hello , my name is Bill Martin and we have a reservation for party tonight 
Yes , what can I do for you 
I need to cancel that . We have had a last minute change of plans 
I see . Would you like me to reschedule you for another night 
OK , we will let you know as early as possible . By the way , will we be able to get a refund on this cancellation 
Certainly 
Thank you very much 
That's all right . I hope we can help you at some other time . Good-bye 
Good-bye 
Hi , are you busy 
Hi , I was just coming to see you.But since you made the trek to my office , you get to go first 
Okay , I'm putting together a report on the Allied Marketing Co . failure , and I seem to have run into a stone wall . Can you help me out 
Well , I can try , what do you need 
You were there when the problem started . I was hoping you could fill me in on the details 
Sure , no problem.But I need something from you 
Name it 
I'm supposed to have this package ready for mailing out tomorrow morning and I'm miles away from being ready.Can you edit this product study I wrote while I do these 
All right , I can do that , and as soon as we finish this , we can both work on my problem 
That works for me 
Give me the study . I'll start as soon as I get back to my office 
Here's a print out of the study , and this is a disc with the full report on it.The file name is product study , this is and extra copy so you can do whatever you want with it 
Can you be serious for a moment , we've been dating for 6 months now , I really like you . I'd like to take a relationship to the next level 
So what are you trying to say to me 
It feels like you are not dedicate to our relationship . It seems like you treat it as a just casual dating 
How should I say it 
I don't want to be like this . I think we should get step further 
It has only been 6 months , our relationship hasn't had a chance to maturate . We are still have some hurdle we have to jump over 
Like what 
Last week I saw Brain kissing you on the cheek 
It was only the cheek 
That is ok , then ? Starts on the cheek ? pretty soon you french kiss in the back on his car 
Oh , that is ridiculous 
So is it ok if I kiss other women on the cheek 
Definitely not 
You see , we still have hurdle 
It's taking you forever to do my hair 
Give me a minute 
You should've been done already 
There you go 
I don't think that you're done 
What's wrong 
My hair looks hideous 
What's so bad about it 
It doesn't look good at all 
Sorry about that 
I really hope that you didn't expect me to pay you for this 
Well , let me talk to my manager , okay 
Don't you have too much to do with him 
Why not 
His father is a prisoner 
So what ? His father is in prison , not he 
School has added several new courses to our grade this semester . I have more homework to do now 
What's your favorite course , Daniel 
I like science most 
Science ? That's a surprise 
Surprise 
I thought you would like PE 
I do like PE , but I am interested in science 
Are you interested in science ? I can't believe it 
Through this course , I can learn more about the world around us clearly 
Your parents would be happy if they knew that . Because you are always a naughty boy 
Naughty ? I'm naughty ? I'm just clever . So I only do the things I am interested in 
Hope so 
Thanks for coming in today , did you have any trouble finding us ? Please take a seat 
Thank you 
So , let ’ s get started . tell me a bit about your educational background 
Sure ! Well , I graduated with honors from Chesterton University with a major in Business Administration , with a specialization in Information Management , and I minored in psychology . I chose this course of study for two reasons . I wanted to gain some practical , marketable skills , which the information management track provided , and I also feel that interpersonal skills are essential for professional success , hence the minor in psychology 
Interesting . And , your postgraduate studies 
Well , I am really passionate about consumer behavior , so I pursued a master ’ s in that area . I also strive to keep my professional skills current , so I continuously attend seminars and conferences related management and customer service 
Very good . Now , tell me a little bit about your work experience . I see here that you previously worked at Oracle 
Yeah , I worked as their customer support manager , which brought me a breadth of experience in both client care , and process management . I supervised and coordinated the customer support team as well as implemented new strategies to achieve better customer satisfaction 
Interesting ..
Yes , in this position I was able to make some pretty significant contributions to the overall success of the company . With the different initiatives that we implemented , we lowered our churn rate to about five percent , which had a direct impact on revenue 
You're here today to argue your ticket 
I am 
Plead your case 
The police officer that pulled me over said I was speeding 
Were you speeding when you got pulled over 
I was not speeding 
How fast were you going 
In a 40 mph zone , I was only going about 35 
Well , seeing as the officer that pulled you over isn't here , I'll let you go 
Do I still need to pay the fine 
No , you don't 
I appreciate your understanding 
Susan , we ’ re going to need those data before tomorrow 
I know . I ’ m just waiting for confirmation on one of them . I can get them to you by tomorrow morning 
Yeah ? All right . Thanks , Susan 
That ’ s all right 
Would you care for a cup of tea before your meal 
OK , thank you 
How about some Oolong tea ? It's very popular with our guests 
That'd be nice 
Mrs . Lin . Please hold all of my calls for the next hour 
OK , but do you want to talk to your wife if she calls 
Yes , I'll talk to her 
All right 
Do you know where you want to transfer to 
I don ’ t have the slightest clue 
What school would you like to go to 
I ’ m not sure 
You honestly have no idea 
PCC is perfectly fine for me 
You might as well stay here 
That ’ s not a bad idea 
PCC is a wonderful institution 
You have a point 
So , what are you going to do 
I ’ m just going to keep going to PCC 
What are you grinning about 
Stephany said she would go out with me 
I thought mom said no dating till you are 16 
That ’ s in one month , and besides , this is a group date with all of our friends 
All of your friends , what are you planning to do 
We ’ re going fishing 
What a party ! I hope you don ’ t expect the girls to fish 
These girls are different , they are not wimpy 
Don't you ever cheat on me 
Why would I do that 
Because men like to cheat 
Some men do , but not me 
I'm watching you 
I'm an open book . Watch me all you want 
If I catch you , you'll be sorry 
You won't catch me , because I love you . I'm not a cheater 
I will poke your eyes out 
I don't want any other woman 
I will chop your toes off , one by one 
Honey , please . You're the only woman for me , forever . I swear it 
If I wanted to rent a van , how much would it cost 
Let's see . That would be ¥ 160 a day a mile 
That sounds OK . I'll need it from the 10th to the 14th 
Do you have a valid license 
Yeah . Here 
Fine . Now complete this form and sign your name at the bottom 
How's your job search going 
I only started looking for a job a few days ago 
have you finished compiling your resume 
yes , I was precise with every word in my resume 
that's good . Don't forget to design the format . An attractive format is as important as the content 
absolutely , I've highlighted all my strengths and the resume is clear and easy to read 
good . How about your cover letter 
a cover letter ? I've never thought about that . Won't a CV do for my job application 
no , a CV is not enough . You should also attach it with a cover letter . Don't overlook it . You're faced with fierce competition in the job market . If your cover letter cannot stand out in the pile of
sounds reasonable.Even if I'm the right one for the job , many people are applying for the same vacancy at the same time , so I should try my best to catch the Human Resources manager's attention 
yes , you're right . All your preparation efforts are to help you land a job interview 
got it . I'll start right now 
The numbers in this table don't seem to be in accord with reality 
I know , but these are the figures that we came up with 
I was just watching a documentary on tv about people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting 
I love dogs . They have been used as guards for centuries . Nowadays , they are often used to find illegal drugs and bombs by the police and customs officers 
The documentary also pointed out that they are used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow 
Horses are useful to people too . We use them for sports and recreation 
Don ’ t forget that horses are still used in many countries to pull ploughs and carts 
Can you ride a horse 
Yes , I can . I don ’ t ride regularly though . How about you 
I can ride too . Perhaps we could go horse riding together at the weekend 
What a good idea 
Thank you for your hospitality , Leon . I had a wonderful time 
You're welcome , Diane . I hope you can visit us again soon 
What can I do for you 
I am coming to inquire about the information of the company . When was this company established 
Well , this company can be dated back to 1893 , so it has a hundred years of history 
Really ? That is amazing 
Oh , you look kind of pale . What's the matter 
I feel sick 
Do you ? Just a minute . Let me get the airsick bag ready ... Here 
Thank you 
Shall I get you some water 
No , thank you . I'll be all right as soon as the plane gets out of this turbulence 
You have been doing a great job this year and I am very satisfied with your work 
I am very happy to know my work could be recognized by you and our company 
Based on your contribution , I would like to give you a pay raise . Your monthly salary will be increased by 800 Yuan . This increase includes an 80 % married increase based on your achievements and increase responsibilities and then the additional 20 % increase were reflecting the changes in cost of living 
I really appreciate it . Thank you 
Please file all the reports for me 
OK . Would you like to file them according to dates 
Yes . Will you also make copies and file them using both methods 
Yes , I will 
Good . Can you please also list all the documents in those old files 
When do you expect it to be finished 
Before next Friday 
All right 
The NASDAQ gained a few points today 
Does it mean anything 
It's hard to say . The stock market is weird . You never know what will happen tomorrow 
Why do you buy stocks , then 
It's a kind of investment . If I choose a good stock and hold it long enough , I can get good returns 
Now we have settled the terms of payment . Is it possible to effect shipment during September 
I don't think we can 
Then when is the earliest we can expect shipment 
By the middle of October , I think 
That's too late . You see , November is the season for this commodity in our market , and our Customs formalities are rather complicated 
I understand 
Besides , the flow through the marketing channels and the red tape involved take at least a couple of weeks . Thus , after shipment it will be four to five weeks altogether before the goods can reach our retailers . The goods must therefore be shipped before October ; otherwise we won't be in time for the selling season 
But our factories are fully committed for the third quarter . In fact , many of our clients are placing orders for delivery in the fourth quarter 
Mr . Brown , you certainly realize that the time of delivery is a matter of great importance to us . If we place our goods on the market at a time when all other importers have already sold their goods at profitable prices , we shall lose out 
I see your point . However , we have done more business this year than any of the previous years . I am very sorry to say that we cannot advance the time of delivery 
That's too bad , but I sincerely hope you will give our request your special consideration 
You may take it from me that the last thing we want to do is to disappoint an old customer like you . But the fact remains that our manufacturers have a heavy backlog on their hands 
But can't you find some way to get round your producers for an earlier delivery ? Make a special effort , please . A timely delivery means a lot to us 
All right . We'll get in touch with our producers and see what they have to say 
What was that all about 
We had a difference of opinion 
Is she going to be okay 
She'll be fine 
Dad , where is the Book Building 
I'm looking . Can you still remember what the conductor said 
She said that when we get off the bus , the Book Building is right by the bus stop 
But I don't see it 
Oh , Dad , look at the sign , please 
Oh , my god ! We get off at the wrong stop . I'm so sorry , honey 
OK , Dad , it happens 
It's my fault . So what can we do now ? Walk 
Come on , I'm too tired 
OK , you promise don't tell your mother about it , we'll take a taxi 
Sure , I promise 
If you keep your promise , I will also let you watch Ultraman this evening 
Hey , This is your order 
Are you new here ? I come to this coffeehouse often . But I didn't see you here before 
Yes . I started this part-time job just three days ago . And my internship will last 1 week . I'm still a student now 
Do you mind if I ask you why you've taken the part-time job here 
Of course not . You know , there are many foreign customers like you here . And I think it's good for me to improve my oral English 
Oh , are you an English student ? Or you just study English for interest's sake 
No , I'm not an English student . But I do like English . I'm going to be a volunteer in the 2008 Olympics where I want to be helpful with the language . So I try to improve my English 
Very nice . Thank you for your time 
Thank you , sir . But I'm not allowed to accept any tips 
OK then . I don't want to put you in trouble 
Well , would you like something else ? The new-made cafe parfait is really good . Want some 
OK . But I'd like some cookies 
Sure . If you want more coffee , please go over there . There is self-help coffee maker 
I surely know that . Don't forget that I am a regular customer here 
Oops . Well , wait for a while . We'll get it done quickly 
It's OK . Thank you 
There's a new play tonight 
What's its name 
' Romeo and Juliet ' 
What is it about 
It's about their great love 
Sounds interesting 
Of course . Do you want to see it 
Yes , do you have tickets 
No , I don't 
Let's go to the theater and buy two tickets now , shall we 
Good idea . Let's goa
OK . Let's go 
Sorry , I need a trip to the bog 
Please yourself 
Hello , let me introduce myself . I'm your neighbor . My name is Shirley 
Hi , Shirley . I'm Sophie . It's nice to meet you 
Nice to meet you , too 
Please come in 
Here is a little gift for your family . It's a calendar with all the community events on it . I hope it can be helpful 
I really appreciate it 
Since we are neighbors , if you need any help or anything , please come to me 
I will . Actually , I am worried so much about the security of this community because my house has been burgled twice before 
Oh , don't worry about that here . There are security guards on duty 24 hours a day and they patrol all over the neighborhood . You know , they are all very strong 
Really ? That's good . Is there any supermarket in our neighborhood 
Of course . There is a Carrefour near the neighborhood . I'll show you there if you want to 
That's terrific 
By the way , a party will be held for new neighbors the day after tomorrow . I hope I can see you there 
Yeah , and we can get to know each other at the party 
I'm sure he was off-side 
But the ref didn't whistle 
I think he favors the host team 
Anyway , the host team seems to fight for the gold 
Excuse me , but I'm looking for a gift for my friend 
Is it a Chinese New Year's gift or a birthday gift 
Well , it's a wedding gift 
Oh , I see . Let me guess ... something sexy for the new bride on her first night of marriage 
Basically . But I have no idea what to get ! She's American and kind of ..
Well-endowed ? Don't worry . I have some bras with bigger cup sizes in the back 
Doctor , here's my report for my IVP examination 
Let me have a look . Can you see there's a stone in your kidney 
Oh , yes , is it dangerous 
No , but it's painful 
Do I have to have an operation 
No , it's not necessary since the stone is not big 
Good , I can still attend the Olympic Games 
Yes , you're lucky . But you should go to the Ultrasonic Department to disperse the stone . Meanwhile , I'll give you some herbal medicine 
Oh , I've heard a lot about the Chinese herbal medicine . I believe it will work 
What's the quickest way to get there 
If were you . I'd take a taxi 
Can you tell me where the taxi stand is 
You will find a taxi stand the street corner 
Thank you 
You're welcome 
I think we should buy some souvenirs to take home 
Why not ? What about us doing it right now 
Good idea . I noticed that on our way to the tower there are so many shops selling all kinds of souvenirs 
So let's head there . We'd better hurry up 
Good afternoon . Can I help you 
Is it possible for me to buy some RIB at this counter 
Of course , that's no problem at all 
That's a relief ! I was a little worried about it ; I left England in a bit of a hurry 
How much would you like to change 
Well , I'm only here for 3 days , so I think 500 GAP should be plenty 
Please fill in this exchange form , and I'll need to see your passport , and sign here . That's the money and your passport back . Of course , if you don't spend all of it , you can come back and we'd be happy to buy the local currency back from you 
Hey , Jim , you're 15 minutes late . What's up 
I got stuck in a traffic jam 
Hurry up , the show is about to start 
It looks like you're very interested in the circus 
Yes , I love to see the animal show 
I have never seen those before , but since you're so excited it should be good 
I'm sure you'll love it 
Okay , I will go and get some popcorn first 
Hello . Are you a friend of Helen's 
Actually , a friend of a friend 
My name is Phil . What's yours 
Alecia 
Have you tried these little ditties ? They are really good 
Thanks . They look delicious 
Can I get you some punch ? I was just going to go get myself some 
That would be great . I would love some 
How were you getting along with your studies 
Quite well . I made good records in college . I won the scholarship in every semester 
In addition to your major , did you have other fields to study 
Yes , I had taken finance courses in a training school . Compound talents are needed in the society and I must study continually to keep abreast with the times 
Sorry ! Excuse me ! I got your message 
Taylor ? Taylor ! Is this a joke ? Is it really you ? But ... but ... everyone said you were dead 
That's OK . Just let it out . I'm OK ! I was out of town with ... Femi 
Oh , Taylor ! I'm so ... so happy . But then ... who's that 
Taylor Smith . But not me . The pallbearers are carrying out the casket . It would be rude to just leave . Let's follow 
Do you like the food here 
Yes . The baked fish was out of this world 
I am glad you like it 
Can we have the bill now 
Sure . It's $ 100 
Where are you going this weekend 
I have no idea . Maybe I will sleep for the whole day 
So boring ! Shall we go out for a picnic with my friends 
Sounds interesting . Who are the other people 
Fred and David , my college class mates and Rachel 
Gorgeous ! What should I bring on that day 
Your tent and enough food and water 
You mean , we can do many other things after the picnic , right 
We can go fishing , chatting and camping 
What are we waiting for ? Come on 
Don't hurry . Wait for my call 
This needs dry-cleaning.Can you remove this stain without harming the fabric 
Let me see . We ’ ll try , but I ’ m not sure that we can remove it 
Ok , then . We ’ ll I ’ d also like to have this pressed 
Any starch 
No starch 
Fastback Travel . How can I help you 
Could you put me through to Dan Aykroyd 
He's on holiday for the week , I'm afraid . Can I help 
Could you leave him a message 
Sure 
Could you tell him that Horst Weissmuller phoned 
You'd better spell that 
Of course . It's H , O , R , S , T , then W , E , I , S , S , M , U umlaut , L , L , E , R 
Right , I think I've got that . OK , what's the message 
Just tell him I'll call him when I get back from Australia . That's it 
OK , will do . Bye 
Thanks . Bye 
It's getting late , Mary 
Maybe I should go home 
Why don't you sleep over 
Are you sure 
We can sleep together 
Sounds like a good idea 
Don't forget to call your host mother to tell her 
Thanks for reminding me 
I just heard your boy had taken the first place in the history test . He is super cool 
You flatter me 
Marketing manage office , can I help you 
Mr Green , please 
Sorry , he's out 
What time you suspect back them 
Sorry , I am not sure , can I take a message 
No , thanks . I'll call back later 
That's fine.please call again later 
Ok , thank you.Goodbye 
Thank you for your interest in this job . You'll be hearing from us . Send the next applicant in on your way out , please 
Thank you very much for offering me this opportunity 
It has been pleasant talking with you 
I have enjoyed talking with you too . Thank you 
May I call you at your home about our final decision 
Yes , please . My telephone number is 367 - 1314 . You can call me between four and six in the afternoon 
We'll get in touch with you by next Wednesday . Thank you for your interest in this job 
Thank you for your interview 
Oh , Mary , come in , please . I'm so happy to see you 
Happy birthday , George . Many happy returns of the day . Here's a present for you 
Oh , thank you , Mary . You're so nice 
I hope you like it . Oh , have the other guys arrived 
They're all waiting for you . Let's join them . I'm going to cut the cake soon 
Let's go 
How do you like the apartment 
I like the apartment , but I see something wrong with it 
What ’ s wrong 
There ’ s a leaking faucet in the sink 
That isn ’ t a problem 
That leak is going to raise my water bill 
What can I do 
You need to fix it 
I can ’ t right now 
I won ’ t rent it if the faucet isn ’ t fixed 
I will fix it for you 
I ’ m glad you finally agree 
It ’ s freezing in here ! Can I turn up the heat 
Don ’ t touch that thermostat ! You don ’ t pay the bills around here 
Dad ! Are you serious ? What ’ s the point of having central heating if we can ’ t use it ! Look , I can see my breath 
Put on a sweater ! I ’ m not gonna let you run up my heating bill just because it ’ s a bit chilly 
Dad ! I ’ m gonna catch a cold 
When I was your age , my parents didn ’ t have central heating like you do ! We had a furnace in the center of the living room and that was it . We used it to cook , heat the house and even dry our clothes ! We never caught a cold . You should be grateful 
Welcome to Lincoln Bank . What can I help you with , Sir 
I'm not sure if I'm at the right counter , but I need some advice on mortgages , can you help me 
Unfortunately , no , I can't . But our specialist can . Please take a seat and our Mortgage Adviser will come out to see you 
A specialist ? That's excellent , thanks 
No problem , Sir . He'll be with you in just a minute . Could I get you something to drink while you are waiting 
A black coffee with 2 sugars would be much appreciated , thanks 
Look , Bob . This is a photograph I took during my trip to Australia 
Let me see it , can I ? This is a good photograph . Who are these people 
They ’ re people I met during the trip . That ’ s the ship we traveled on 
What a beautiful ship ! Who ’ s this 
That ’ s the man I told you about . Remember 
Ah yes . The one who offered you a job in Australia 
That ’ s right 
Who ’ s this 
Guess 
It ’ s not you , is it 
That ’ s right . I grew a beard during the trip , but I shaved it off when I came home 
Why did you shave it off 
My wife didn ’ t like it 
I watched a very interesting documentary about plants yesterday evening . It was called unusual plants and looked at several species of plants from around the world which have unusual features 
Really ? Tell me about some of the plants they showed 
Well . There was one type of plant that catches insects and eats them 
Is that type of plant found in this country 
No , it isn ’ t . it ’ s a pity , because I ’ d like to see it in action 
So would i . what other unusual plants did they show 
They showed flowers that only provide their nectar to one type of butterfly or bee . The insect has to be the exact size to get the nectar . Other insects cannot get it . Of course , when the insect molle
That ’ s very specialized . So , the insects and the flowers rely on each other . If one became extinct , the other would too 
That ’ s right . That ’ s one reason why it ’ s so important to protect every species 
I see . The plants that fascinate me most are cacti . I find it amazing that they can survive in such dry desert conditions 
According to the documentary , they have an incredible ability to find water supplies , however small , and then store them without losing much through evaporation 
That ’ s why they often have long roots to find water spines instead of leaves , to reduce water loss 
This is what my boss is expecting , Sandy . He wants a detailed list of expenses and equipment costs 
That ’ s going to take a while to put together , Paul 
The sooner , the better , Sandy . I don ’ t think he ’ ll sign anything till he ’ s got that in his hands 
I ’ ll get to work on it right away . Anything else 
Hi , could you help me find a place where I could buy some lunch 
Sure ! What kind of food would you like 
I was thinking of pizza or something else Italian , maybe 
I know the perfect place 
Good ! Where is it 
It's right past that last building on the left . Do you want me to go with you 
That would be great 
Glad you asked me to join you . This will be fun 
I'm so hungry . Shall we go eat now , Rick 
sure . Where do you want to go ? Are you in the mood for anything in particular 
how about some dumplings ? I just can't get enough of them 
dumplings again ? ! Oh , Amy , let's try something new 
well , what do you have in mind 
how about the Mongolian hot pot 
oh , it's too spicy for me . Don't you remember last time when I tasted the lamb ? It was so spicy my eyes teared up 
maybe we can try Yuanyang pot this time . You can choose the non-spicy soup base 
sounds great . Do they serve noodles ? I am in the mood for some tasty noodles as well 
yes . The sliced noodles they offer are among the most authentic Shanti cuisines 
great . Let's go 
wait a minute . Let me throw on a sweater 
Excuse me , when is the next train to Los Angeles 
10 fifteen a . m 
Can I get the ticket here 
Sorry . You have to buy your ticket at the next counter 
Thank you 
How do you feel 
I'm getting sleepy 
You've had so long a flight 
Time difference also makes me feel weak 
Oh , I forgot about it 
It's four o'clock in the morning in Chicago now , but it's time to go to bed in Shanghai 
Don't think so much . Take a good sleep and you'll feel better soon 
Let's meet tonight at the Thai restaurant at about 5 
Fine , I'll take a taxi 
Why don't you walk ? It's only about 20 minutes walking and it's a nice evening 
Never thought about it , I sure you are right . It's quite a short walk 
Ha-ha , see you then 
have you ever thought about your ideal home 
I have , actually ; I ’ Ve always wanted to build my dream home myself 
what would it be like 
well , it would be spacious and located next to a park , because a nice view is important to me 
how many rooms would it have 
I ’ d want it to have three bedrooms on a second floor with balconies on each , and one main bedroom on the main floor with an attached en suite . I ’ d also want a large living room and kitchen connected t
how many bedrooms would your dream home have 
I ’ d have one guest bathroom in the basement , one attached to the main bedroom , and one upstairs , so a total of three 
how would you decorate your house 
I don ’ t like a lot of clutter , so I wouldn ’ t have lots of things out . I would have a few vases on the mantel piece and some pictures of my family on the walls , but other than that , most things would b
how many TVs would your dream home have 
I think TV is a great waste of time , so I would only have one small TV in the kitchen to watch the news in the morning 
We have a live show of a football match this Friday night 
What're the teams 
Brazilian against AC Millan 
I bet AC Milan will lose 
Hello , may I speak to Mr.Baker , please 
Hold on a second , please . I'll see if he's in . I'm sorry , Mr.Baker had just gone out . Who's calling 
This is Jones . Can I leave a message 
Yes , certainly . What's that 
Please tell him to call Mr.Baker at the Grand Restaurant . It's urgent 
OK , I'll have Mr.Baker call you as soon as he comes back 
Thank you 
You're welcome 
My goodness ! What happened ? You have blood on your face 
Oh , don't worry . I just killed a pigeon 
How could you have the heart to kill it ? We only have one 
It spoiled my painting 
Hello . I'd like to speak to Susan 
I'm sorry , but there's no one here by that name 
Isn't this the Whites 
Yes , this is . What number are you calling 
I'm calling 6667777 . Maybe my finger slipped and I touched the wrong number 
Sure it is . This is 6666777 
Oh , sorry to have bothered you 
It doesn't matter . Bye-bye 
Bye 
I don't think we can meet the delivery date you suggest . It's too soon 
Well , is it possible for you to effect shipment by the middle of June 
The earliest we can do is by the end of June 
Can you tell me the best way to look for an apartment 
The local newspaper has ads for housing 
Is there any way to find a roommate to share an apartment with 
Sometimes you can post an advertisement saying that you need a roommate 
What do landlords charge for rent 
Would you like an apartment for just yourself , or do you need it for two people 
There are two of us , but we only need a one-bedroom apartment 
You should be able to easily find that for twelve hundred dollars a month 
I really would appreciate it if you could come look at apartments with me 
Sure , I ’ ll go look at apartments with you anytime you want 
I am thinking about inviting you to a dinner . When would you have time ? And what kind of food do you fancy 
That would be great . I am really in the mood for a spicy hotpot . Any special reason for the invitation 
To thank you for helping me at work last week . If you would not have been so kind , I would not have been able to pick my parents from the airport . You really did me a big favor . Thank you so much 
It was my pleasure . How about this evening ? I feel very hungry now 
Fine , I know a good hotpot place in the downtown area , food there is pretty spicy too . Shall we try that one 
Ok with me . You are the boss . I will meet you downstairs after work 
Are you an American 
Yeah 
Why don't you speak English 
Oh , my mother is a German , so I can speak German 
Oh , do you like Chinese 
Yeah , I'm eager to learn Chinese , but it is too difficult for me 
I want to study German . Can we exchange lessons 
Very Good . I'd like to do that 
When will we begin 
How about tomorrow night 
That's all right 
Would you like some cake ? I made it myself 
Absolutely . Mm , this is really good 
Thanks . Would you like to have one more slice 
I'd love to 
How many pieces of luggage do you want to check , sir 
I want to check these three pieces and I'll carry this carry-on bag with me on board 
Ok.Is this your luggage properly labelled , sir 
Yes , it is 
Ok.Would you please put all your luggage on the scales 
Sure.How about this carry-on bag 
Hand-baggage is not to be weighed , sir ... I'm sorry , sir , you're 25 kilos overweight . I'm afraid there'll be an excess luggage charge , sir 
How much should I pay for the excess weight 
Ten yuan for each kilogram.You ' ll have to pay 250 yuan for the excess baggage 
I'm done . Can I watch TV 
Here's some water . Take these multi-vitamins and Tylenol 
Uh ! I can't swallow them , Mom 
Your throat must be swollen 
Do I have to take them 
Here , I'll break them up , so they're smaller . And here's some cough syrup 
Yuck 
I know , it tastes horrible . But it'll make you feel better . Try holding your nose . It won't taste as bad 
Welcome . How can I help you 
We want to look at some of your products 
This way please . We have a full range of products from cosmetics to skin cleansers 
Could you commend me some moisturizers 
Your T-zone gets oily easily , but your cheeks are dry in winter . Am I right 
Yes , that's right 
This " Cream of Olives " is our bestseller for combination skin . You can try it on your hand 
Oh , very good . I will buy this one 
All right . Anything else 
No . Thank you 
My pleasure 
Can you believe the headlines 
What are you reading 
I ’ m reading about Michael Milliken , the Bond King 
Didn ’ t he sell worthless stocks to people or something ? He got arrested for that , didn ’ t he 
He got arrested all right 
If I remember , he got off with a light sentence . Something like three years in a minimum-security prison 
Yup , that ’ s him . He made millions of dollars selling bonds to people and ended up with a pile of cash when they became useless 
I think the government fined him a small amount , and he kept the rest in his foreign bank accounts . He ’ s still a millionaire 
That ’ s the kind of thing in America that gets me mad . Some guy pulls off a stock scheme and makes millions while spending the bare minimum sentence in jail 
I know . And some poor guy that robs a liquor store makes $ 500 at most and ends up in jail for five to ten years 
I think that you look very cute today 
Is that right ? This is a brand new outfit 
What store did you get it from 
I went to Macy's and picked it out 
I love your outfit right now 
Well , I think you look nice today too 
Thanks . I found these new shoes earlier at the store 
I think that those are some really nice shoes . What kind are they 
These are Chucks 
Your shoes look really nice . How much did you get them for 
They only cost me about forty dollars 
I'm going to go get a pair for myself 
Good morning . Can I see Mr Jackson , please 
Well . Have you got his permission 
Yes . We have an appointment at eight o ’ clock 
What ’ s your name , please 
Robert . Philips Robert 
Why should I buy this MD player 
Well , it has a lithium battery that lasts for 24 hours and it has a 160 second anti-skip mode for when you're playing sports 
What else 
Using MP3 mode , you can download about 10 hours of music from either your CD player , or your computer's hard disk onto one mini-disk 
But how's the sound quality 
You can choose from several play modes , or you can use the full-spectrum equalization , 3 D mode and Mega Bass features . We rec-ommend using it with the studio monitor headphones 
Is that it 
It's ultra-compact , it has a brushed , titanium metal body and a rubber shock-proof , weather-proof case with a belt clip 
That was a very interesting presentation , Ms . Wang . My colleagues and I are very impressed with your proposal 
Oh , no , surely . Your ideas were very interesting as well 
To show our appreciation for your hard work , we'd like to invite you to have dinner with us 
Oh , that would be lovely . Thank you 
Excellent . Have you had French food before 
Oh , yes . Marvelous 
We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade . But don't worry , it won't cause too much inconvenience . We're going to do it over the weekend 
How long will the system be down for 
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours ' time . It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours . If everything goes according to plan , it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday 
That's fine . We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side 
No-no-no , sorry ! That's a handicapped parking space . Are you handicapped 
No , but this is an emergency ! Please 
Sorry , but you'll have to park in a normal space 
OK , OK , fine ! Just open the gate 
Be patient , miss . It'll just be a second 
Thank god ! A car's leaving . It's my turn 
Right , let me run through your options . You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to , but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan 
OK , what does that entail 
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember , your certificate is due in 2 months . If you can hold on to it , it'll be much better for your finances 
Yes , it does seem a little silly to cash it now . I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB . Will that be a problem 
Not at all , Mr Zu . As the certificate is due in 2 months , you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate 
I'm glad you thought of this . I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it ! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest , right 
Exactly right . If you'd like to go ahead , I can process that for you now , Mr Zu 
Absolutely , Jenny . Thanks very much , I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today 
We need to do a group report tomorrow . I need to go to the stationer to buy something for the posters 
You need to make posters 
absolutely . Every time when we do the reports , we love making some beautiful posters to emphasize our theme ideas 
I see . Then let's make a shoppinglIist first before we go there.othe rise , It may take us a whole day to search for the things you need 
No problem . I need some markers , some color pencils , a pair of scissors , some highlighter , rulers .
Wow , it is like a maze , I think I might get lost soon 
Don't worry.In fact , it is very easy to find what you want . Can you see the sign on top of every shelf . It clearly tells you what things are displayed on every shelf 
Oh , yes . You are so smart . I see them . So I have to go to shelf number 3 first to get my markers , color pencils and highlighters and somebrushes 
I also need some thumbtacks , whiteout and paper clips . Which shelf are they on ? I can't find the number 
It's at the back . I think you are near-sighted . You had better get yourself a pair of nice glasses 
How do you like you trip 
I have no idea . Maybe I want to take a boat down the river 
That's interesting . I will go with you 
Won't it be dangerous 
Don't worry . There are so many people . We will join the touring party 
That's better 
Good morning , sir . May I help you 
Yes , I'd like to settle my bill 
Certainly sir . May I have your room key , please 
Sure . Here you are 
Just a moment , please . I'll draw up your bill for you ... Thank you for waiting , sir . Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan , including the phone and laundry 
That much ! Would you mind letting me have a look at it 
Not at all , sir . Here you are 
Thanks . Well , It seems to be right . How much is that in dollars , please 
Just a moment , sir . I'll calculate that for you . It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate 
I see . OK 
How would you like to make the payment 
In cash , please . Here you are 
Thank you , sir ... Here is your change . Could you check it , please ? Thank you for choosing our hotel . I hope you enjoyed your stay 
By the way , please forward my mail to this address 
Certainly , sir . We hope you have a good trip 
Where can I enjoy the best local food 
Well ! You like sea food 
Yes , I do 
Then I'd like to suggest you try Anchor Inn on Seaside Drive 
Is it very far from here 
No , you can walk from here 
How are you feeling , champ ? Ready to go 
You know , if I can keep up my workouts , I think I have a chance in 2004 
In what 
In gymnastics . I'm pretty flexible . Look ! I can even touch my toes 
Can you do the vault 
I do back flips at the pool all the time 
Did you bring your certificate for nursing 
Yes , here is my Certificate of Nurse 
How about your nursing education 
I learnt nursing through theory and practice for 3 years at Hunan Nursing School 
Can you manage English conversation 
Yes , pretty well . I have started learning English since primary school 
I've found a nice place in this district.Three bedrooms , a large kitchen , high ceilings , a tile bath and a big drawing room 
It sounds nice , but don't forget this is a seedy , run-down neighborhood 
What about the one on the Yellow River Road ? It's a two-bedroom one , and renovated building with an eat-in kitchen 
It's a bit small but looks nice.What ' s more , it's only ten minutes ' walk to the company 
Do you mind if I open the window 
If you don't mind , I'd rather you didn't . I have a cold and feel chilly 
Oh , that's too bad . Should I call a doctor 
I'd appreciate it if you would 
OK 
Have you got some nice apples in stock today 
What about these ? They are very fresh and exceptionally juicy 
Are they sweet 
Very sweet 
How much are they 
These are a dollar each and those are 75 cents each 
All right , I'll have a dozen of the dollar ones 
OK . Anything else 
Do you have any tangerines ? I'd like to have two kilograms 
Yes , we've just had some wonderful tangerines in from Tailband . Here they are 
How much is it in all 
Thirty dollars 
There are something wrong with my computer 
Really , what's wrong with it 
The computer doesn't work when I push the power cotton 
Oh , do you use your computer often 
Yes , I don't know why it doesn't work this time 
Don't worry . Have you got receipt with you 
Yeah 
We'll go to your house and repair it on Tuesday . Ok 
OK , I'll expected you around 2 o'clock 
See you then 
Hello , this is David 
Hi David , this is Marge . Can you meet me after work for a few minutes 
Sure ! How about the coffee shop right across the street from my office 
That will work 
Does five thirty work for you 
That will be fine . What I have to show you will only take a few minutes of your time 
Is it the plans for my new house 
Yes . I just need to double check a few details with you 
Greetings should never be ignored in the interview 
Sure . It is helpful to shorten the distance between you and the interviewer and create a lively atmosphere 
Appropriate greetings will win the interviewer's favorable impression
But you should pay special attention to your words and attitudes 
In the beginning of the interview , greet the interviewer with a kind smile 
In the interview , use polite words , such as ' Thank you ' , or ' Please ' 
That's right . Details can mean succeed or fail 
When talking you should focus your eyes on the interviewer in order to closely watch his or her expressions 
At the end of the interview , you should make your acknowledgements and say Goode 
Whatever the result is , you should keep your good demeanor 
Only in this way can you leave a good impression on the interviewer 
In short , you should present the best of yourself throughout the interview 
Hello , this is room 1205 . Our message lamp is flashing 
Hold on a minute , please 
Thank you 
I am sorry to have kept you waiting . Mr . Johns needs a telephone call from you 
Would you bring the message to my room 
I'm afraid we have nobody available at the moment 
Then I'll come down and pick up the message immediately 
OK , we wait for you 
Hello , what can I do for you 
Um ... Hello , I would like to open an account 
OK ! What kind of account do you want to open 
I want to open a current account 
I will open it for you right now 
What's the minimum deposit for opening a current account 
It's 10 yuan . How much money do you want to deposit 
Well , here's 3,000 yuan 
Please write down your name , address and the amount of your deposit here . And please choose a passcode of six numbers and confirm it 
OK , here you are 
Thank you . Please confirm your information and sign your name in the blank 
Done ! What else should I do 
That's all . Here's your bank card , and here's the certificate of deposit . Bring your bank card with you every time you come to deposit or withdraw money 
OK . Thanks . Goodbye 
Bye 
Tell me about yourself and your past experience 
For the past 3 years , I have been working in China East Airlines Corporation Limited . I'm very tolerant of people and have been told that this is one of my strengths . I feel I have a lot to offer as a team member 
Why are you interested in this occupation 
It's always been my dream to be a stewardess . And I like travelling to different places 
What do you think is the chief characteristic for a stewardess 
Well , a stewardess should be friendly , courteous , patient and treat passengers kindly and politely 
Do you get angry easily 
No , I know how to control my temper 
If a passenger had a accident , what would you do 
I would give him or her basic first aid and ask my partner to call for assistance at the same time 
If you are hired , when can you start work 
I can begin to work right away because I am out of work now 
What are your salary expectations 
I really need more information about the job before we start to discuss salary . I'd like to postpone that discussion until later . Maybe you could tell me what is budgeted for the position and how your commission structure works 
Hi . Is there anything I can do for you 
Hello , yes , I opened an L / C with you recently . We opened it 7 days ago 
If you could show me your details , please . What can I do 
We would like to amend it , please 
We can amend it for you as long as your customer agrees to the amendment 
It's all agreed , here's a letter to prove it 
That's fine . All you need to do is fill in this form and state the amendment 
Miss Green , do you have life insurance right now 
No , I don't . I don't have a family , so I don't think I need it 
This year our company is offering a new plan especially for single people like you . I think you might be interested 
Thank you , but I've never thought about it before 
It's OK . I'll leave the pamphlet here . If you need more information , you can call me any time 
Being a diabetic , you're not allowed to eat certain foods 
Am I allowed to eat spicy food 
I'm afraid not 
Really , because spicy food is my favorite 
Can you recommend a resort to me 
What about the Yellowstone National Park 
Have you ever been there 
Yes . The scenery is so breathtaking 
What is especially impressive 
There are thousands of hot springs and fountains . The park is known for them 
Is there a waterfall 
Yes . The well-known Yellowstone Waterfall is formed when the Yellowstone Lake falls down into the Yellowstone Canyon 
What an attractive place ! How can I get there 
You can take No . 2 bus 
Waiter , please bring me some toast 
Sure . What kind of toast do you like 
Pardon 
We have white toast , whole wheat toast and rye toast 
I see , bring me the whole wheat toast 
Anything to drink 
Milk , please 
Is it going to rain today 
It's supposed to rain 
I really hate this weather 
Well , it won't last long 
Oh , no ! I ’ Ve been assigned to work with Jerry for our group project 
Oh ! I heard that he loves to boss people around 
Thank for your help . I owe you 
No sweat ! Think nothing of it 
Do you think what I did to Elvin was out of line 
You could have tried to explain to him about the new programmers 
Elvin doesn't want any programming help . He wants all the glory for himself 
You might be right . He does think pretty highly of himself 
Did you hear the names he was calling me 
I heard . But did you have to tear out his nose ring 
What shall we do tonight 
How about the cinema 
That's a good idea.We haven't been there for ages 
What would you suggest to see 
Oh , I don't know.It depends 
Are you going out again 
Yes , I'm going to the cinema , dad 
You mustn't go to bed very late . Can you be home before nine 
Oh , I won't be back so early . The film will be over at nine . Can I have the key to the bicycle 
No . I won't let you ride a bicycle late at night 
Oh , dad , I'm not a child . I'm 17 already . I'll come back as soon as the film is over 
OK . Here's the key . Take care 
I will . Thank you , dad 
I'm afraid I forgot to lock the door 
You're so careless , Billy 
Sorry , Mum , I'll lock it right away 
I've done it for you 
I want to open a saving account , sir.What ' s the proper procedure 
First , you fill out the application form and then we'll issue you a passbook 
Is there any minimum for the first deposit 
No , Even a dollar is all right.Here ' s your passbook , sir ; just sign your name on it 
What is the annual interest rate 
It varies from time to time.At present it is 6 % 
By the way , can I open a checking account too 
By all means.But you have to deposit enough money before you can write out your checks 
I couldn ’ t believe you should crack such a joke to them 
What was wrong 
You carried it too far . You obviously offended someone 
I didn ’ t mean to hurt anyone 
I know , I know . But someone took offence 
Sam , we are hard up for the everyday expenses . When can you find a job 
I'm looking for it , but you see , the market shard for jobs , too 
You liar , I saw you again in the inn . I bet you don't want to work at all 
It's very dark in here.Will you turn on the light 
Okay.But our baby has fallen sleep 
Then , turn on the lamp , please 
But where's the switch 
It's there by the window 
Excuse me , would you please tell me where I can find a telephone 
Over there in the booth 
How do you use a public phone 
For a local call , just insert 35 cents in the slot and use it in the same way as your home phone . Inquiries are free from a public phone 
Adam , I'm sorry 
But where have you been , Alice ? You're over an hour late 
Yes , but I couldn't help it . I was late getting off work for a start , and then I missed the bus . The bus I did catch got caught in a traffic jam . It was one thing after another 
But why were you getting off work so late ? The office close at six , doesn't it 
Yes , but there's a rush on at the moment , and my boss asked me to do some urgent letters 
But didn't you tell him you had an appointment 
Well , no . I thought I'd finish in about five minutes , and I didn't want to be difficult about just a few minutes . If it hadn't been for missing the bus and the traffic , I wouldn't have been so late . I'm sorry 
Well , you're here . And that's the main thing 
What are you reading ? You've had your nose buried in that book since last night 
This book is so good . I just can't put it down ! It's called ' The Power of One ' 
I haven't read a book like that for as long as I can remember 
Me either . From the very first page , this author just pulled me right in 
Can I read it when you're finished 
Yes . I'm in the last chapter now and it is just gripping 
Don't tell me anything about it . I want to read it for myself 
Okay . But be prepared for an all-nighter ! I doubt you will want to put it down either 
Where did this come from 
I have no idea 
this bloody computer 
what seems to be the problem 
my computer just crashed again for the third time today 
what were you doing when it crashed 
i was just opening up an attachment in an email about winning the lottery 
I think that might have been a virus 
oh , no ! I thought it seemed a bit strange 
what kind of computer do you have , a Mac or a PC 
it's a PC . doesn't everyone have a PC in this office 
no , some people have Macs now , too 
what's the difference 
PCs often crash from virus , but it's nearly impossible to get a virus from a Mac 
I didn't know that 
has your computer turned back on yet 
yes 
did you end up losing any of your work 
fortunately , I saved my work right before it crashed , so it should be OK 
you should probably call the IT department and have them check your computer for virus 
that's a good idea . I'll call them now . Thanks for your help 
Hello 
Hi , Daddy . It ’ s me , Troy 
Hi , Troy . How ’ s your trip going 
It ’ s nice . I arrived safely 
Are you all right 
I ’ m fine . Is everything fine in the family 
Yes . Everything is fine in the family . Don ’ t worry about the family . Just enjoy your trip . How ’ s the weather there 
The weather is gorgeous here 
That ’ s good . Take good care of yourself 
I will . Thank you , Dad 
I love you , Troy 
I love you , too , Dad . Bye 
A friend of mine has been taking an online career planning course these days . He told me the other day he has learned a lot from it . He recommended me to subscribe to it . What do you say 
I think it is good if we know enough about career planning . We will make wiser choices . What else did he tell you about it 
Well , just something in general , like several key steps in planning career and how to set specific and tenable goals 
Sounds practical ! To be honest , sometimes I feel puzzled about my future career . I am not sure if this job suits me the best though I work very hard on it and enjoy being a hard worker . I have always wanted to try something else and learn some new skills 
Making a decision to start over is not an easy thing to do . It seems that you need this course more than I do . I love my current job . If I take this course , I hope to learn some tricks to get myself more organized at work . If they can give suggestions about how to boost work relationships , that will be great . I need these to improve my current work performance 
Ok , then we can sign up for it together 
What is your corporation website address 
It is ' www . job . com 
Is there a dot after ' com ' 
No . I can text the address to you if you are not clear about it
Are you sure that this is the place to wait for our school bus 
Yeah . Look , other kids are coming this way 
But it doesn't look like a real bus stop 
That's because regular buses don't stop here 
How much is it going to cost 
Nothing . It's free 
Is that yellow bus it 
Let's go sit in the back . All the cool kids do 
What do you think of your teacher 
He's very strict with us 
And I hear he gives very good lectures 
Indeed . He's strict with himself , too . We can see every lecture of his is well-prepared 
Jim and you are bosom friends , aren't you 
I wouldn't say so 
What do you mean 
Well , I thought he was , but he ends up to be a con man 
Can you tell me a little about Paris 
Sure . What do you expect to know 
I want to see some of the famous places like Eiffel Tower , the Seine River ..
And you shouldn't miss the Louvre Museum . You can stay there for at least a whole day 
That's a good idea . I almost forget it.What else 
The night life there . It's so romantic 
Oh , wonderful ! How is the weather 
I went there in August , and it was hot . But I was told autumn is the best season 
Sounds exciting . I can't wait 
when do most children start school in your country 
In America , most children start primary school at the age of five 
How much time do primary school students usually spend at school every day 
Kindergarten students usually only go to school for about four hours every day , but after that , they spend about eight hours in school every day 
do they have to go to school on Saturdays 
no , most children in America only go to school Monday through Friday 
how many subjects do they have to study 
In most schools , they study about nine subjects 
do students have to wear uniforms in schools in America 
some private schools require their students to wear uniforms , but public schools don't 
did you go to a public school or a private school 
I went to a private school for elementary school and university , but went to a public school for high school . What about you 
I went to a boarding school from nursery school to senior high school 
did you have to wear uniforms 
yes , they were horrible . We had to wear green every day 
at least you didn't waste time thinking about what you were going to wear every day 
that's true 
Greg . I want to speak to you for a minute 
Yes . Ms . Gray . Is there something wrong 
I ’ m afraid there is , Greg . I don ’ t mind you taking a break . But you ’ Ve been away from your desk for twenty-five minutes already 
I ’ m sorry , Ms . Gray . I must have lost track of the time . I ’ ll get back to work , now 
Sun-set hotel . May I help you 
Yes , I have booked a room for 24th . It's a double room 
Hold on , please . Let me check it for you . Yes , you're right . You will keep it for 3 days 
Well , now I want to change the date from 24th to 28th 
OK , that shall be arranged 
Good morning , can I help you 
I'd like to book a ticket to Singapore , please 
When 
June 3rd 
The flight number is Cz353 . it departs at 17:10 and arrives at 45 
Okay . I will book this flight 
Your passport , please 
Here you are 
My mascara's waterproof 
Oh , how high class ! So you just wear it forever 
No . There's makeup remover for waterproof mascara 
Is it dry yet 
Yep . See how long and curly my lashes are 
They look fake 
Thanks 
I want to rent this car for 5 days 
OK . It will make your stay more convenient 
By the way , do I have to return the car here 
No , you can return it to any branch of our company 
I'm sorry , but I can't come to your party 
What a shame 
How do you do ? Nice to meet you , Diane 
How do you do , Jack . Nice to meet you 
Well , I think you ' Ve reconsidered our proposal , Diane 
Yes , you are right . After all , the quality of your air conditioners is good . The only problem is price 
I should not be surprised , many customers have the same opinion . Do you have any suggestion in mind ? Our salesman told your secretary that the price could be negotiable 
That's why I came to your office today . We think for your model WE - 506 $ 590 would be reasonable , because air conditioners of the same kind sold by other companies are usually about 579-649 
That's true . But if you understand that quality is the most important aspect of a product , you'll agree that 679 is not high , especially when we allow you a 10 % discount 
I see your point . That's to say s 611 each set . Still it's much higher than the market price . Could you see your way to reduce the price , Jack 
Well , considering the quantity of your order we could further reduce the price to 600 . That's the best we can do . What do you think of that 
All right . We accept it . So $ 600 for each set 
Very well . Thank you 
Can I help you 
Yes , I'm looking for a house 
To buy or to rent 
Oh , to rent 
How much do you want to pay 
About 300 a month 
Well , I've got one here . It's 260 a month 
How big is it 
It's got a kitchen , a bathroom , and one bedroom 
Well , actually I prefer something a bit bigger if that's possible 
Yes , I think so . There is also an interesting one.It ' s opposite the park 
How much is it 
It's 325 a month . It's the biggest we've got in this area 
What's it like 
Well , There're two bedrooms , a sitting room , a kitchen and a bathroom 
It sounds interesting . Can I go and see it 
Of course , Sir 
Good morning , Loans 
Good morning , Mr . Smith 
I would like to compliment you on your diligence 
Well , thank you , Mr . Smith . But I was just doing my job 
Yes . And we're proud of you , Loans 
It's nice of you to say so 
What is the matter with you 
I've got a sore throat and my chest hurts 
How long have you been like this 
It has been two or three days 
I think you've got a flu.Take this prescription to the chemist's and then go back and sleep 
Thank you very much 
Don't worry about your flu . You will be OK soon 
Thank you 
We are very interested in your printed pure silk scarves , so could you introduce us your prices 
Thank you for inquiring . But your enquiry is too vague to reply 
Please send us your best offer and state payment terms and time of shipment 
Ok . I need to discuss it with our manager . We'll let you have our firm offer next week 
I'm waiting . Your early offer will be highly appreciated 
Ok . I will reply to you as soon as possible 
Are you going grocery shopping today 
I am , as a matter of fact . Do you have any special requests 
Yes , please get some white bread , thick cut , some ham , not the processed stuff , some gouda cheese , some galla apples and . . 
Wait . This is sounding like a major list . Why don't you just come with me 
I'll treat you dinner 
Don't be silly . Let's go Dutch 
Hi , this is ABC Company . Is that Joseph 
Yes , speaking . Anything I can do for you 
I am calling to tell you that the interview for you is in our company on Monday morning at 8: 00 
Where is the interview happening 
It is on the Jianshe Street where there is a Carrefour Supermarket near it 
Is there anything I can do for you 
Yes , the fried chicken is too hard to eat . I suggest you bring me another one free of charge 
Well , I think you should go for our manger . I will call him here 
OK . I will talk to him direcly 
Why do you like this computer 
It's user friendly 
I'm going to have to do some shopping today 
Oh yeah ? What do you need to go shopping for 
I want to find a new bedroom set 
Do you know where you're going to find your bedroom set 
I have no clue 
There's no particular place that you want to look at 
I don't know where to go to find a nice bedroom set 
I can tell you where I got mine , if you'd like 
Please do 
I bought mine from IKEA 
Are the bedroom sets at IKEA affordable 
Not really , but you're paying for quality 
Were you at the scene during the robbery 
Yes , I was , Officer 
Were you able to see a lot 
I was there as it happened 
What happened 
The robber came in with a gun 
Could you see his face 
He had a mask over his face 
Was he with someone else 
He was alone 
Would you be willing to come down to the station for further questioning 
I would be happy to 
I have the chills and an upset stomach 
How long have you felt like this 
For most of the week 
It sounds as if you have a virus 
What do you think I should do 
I'll give you something . I want you to take it easy and come back in a couple of days 
Hello , Janet 
Good morning , Pete 
And what is this 
Ah , this is my daughter's birthday present . Her birthday is next week 
And when is your son's birthday 
That is not for a while . His birthday is only in August 
But Mark's birthday is in April so I need to think about his present soon 
And when is your birthday 
Oh , my birthday is in December just before Xmas so of course nobody remembers 
My birthday is in June , when we are always on holiday . So my family often forgets my birthday too 
You're acting weird tonight 
I'm just in the mood to act goofy 
What brought this on 
I guess I'm glad exams are over 
Excuse me , may I help you 
Yes . I'm looking for a guide 
Sure , Please wait a moment 
By the way , we want one who can speak beautiful Chinese 
No problem 
Good morning , madam . I'd like to apply for a library card . Can you help me 
Yes . Please give me your ID card , a photo 
OK . Here you are 
Then you have to give me 15 dollars for the deposit . The library card is free 
OK . Here is the money . And If I return the card , can I get the refund 
Of course , as long as the card is well kept 
OK . I see . Thank you 
You are welcome 
Watch out ! You're too close to the fire place 
Don't worry , but my clothes are made of leathers 
Really ? That's wonderful 
Thank you for your warning 
Not at all 
Be careful of yourself 
Peter , where are you going 
I'm going to do some shopping 
Won't you watch TV 
What's on TV tonight ? Is there a football match 
The TV station will air the World Cup football match alive at 8: 30 
Really ? Who will play 
The Brazilian team versus the American team . Don't miss it 
That's cool . I'll watch it 
Who do you think will win 
There is no doubt that the Brazilian team will win 
I think so 
what did you do last night 
I just stayed at home and watched TV 
did you watch the Barcelona versus Madrid game 
yes , it was a very evenly matched game 
what were the results of the game 
it ended in a tie 
what was the actual score 
it was three all 
really ? I thought Barcelona was going to win . They are a much better team than Madrid 
if Barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won 
what happened 
their goalkeepers got injured after the first goal , but he kept on playing anyway 
that explains it 
how many more games are left this season 
that was the last game before the playoffs 
when do the playoffs start 
in a few weeks . Are you planning on watching them 
of course ! I really love watching football games on TV 
Me , too ! Do you want to come over and watch the next game at my place ? I'm planning on having a few people over to watch it together 
sure , that would be great 
Ok , it's a date then 
Hi , Monica , congratulations ! Your presentation at the meeting was very successful and everyone was impressed by your speech . And it was so persuasive and I bet our clients will be convinced to invest their money in this project . You really made a big contribution to our company 
Thank you , I just tried my best . I am very happy to know you like it 
You must have been prepared for a long time . Some statistics in this presentation are not easy to find , right 
Well , yes . Several colleagues from different departments helped me with that . They are very supportive . I consulted an economic expert last week . He was very kind to give valuable suggestions 
Now , the effort pays off . You have accomplished something 
Come on , don ’ t flatter me anymore . I took the job because I love being challenged . But I can ’ t get this turned around without the support from you people 
Lovely day , isn't it 
Oh , yes . Beautiful 
You are not English , are you 
No , I am from France 
Excuse me . How long has it been since the business was founded 
It has been 12 years since it was founded in 1998 
So , it has a history for more than a decade 
Yes . And it was incorporated with other businesses in 2008 due to the global financial crisis 
Hi . This is a Receptionist Desk . How can I help you 
Yes . I just checked in , but I need to change my room 
What ’ s the problem 
I reserved a non-smoking room , but the smell of smoke in this room is so strong that I can ’ t endure it 
I ’ m sorry . I ’ ll arrange a non-smoking room for you right away . The doorman is going to help you with your luggage . I do apologize for the inconvenience 
That ’ s ok . Thanks 
Can you help me out , Chuck 
Sure . What's it , Yvonne 
I want to put my desk over there , but it's too heavy for me to move 
Okay , you take one end and I'll take the other 
There ’ s a letter here for you 
Let me see it 
What ’ s the letter about 
It ’ s a letter from NYU 
Tell me what it says 
I didn ’ t get in 
You ’ re lying 
I ’ m not lying 
Are you upset 
I had high hopes for NYU 
I ’ m sorry you didn ’ t get accepted 
Hopefully , I ’ ll get accepted to UCLA 
You have to help to the laundry today 
Give me a break 
Have you decided on something 
Yes , please bring us two steaks 
Sure . Anything else 
What vegetables come with the steaks 
Potato chips and French dressing 
We have successfully fulfilled our work plan . In fact , we are No . 1 in terms of market share 
You have gotten amazing success . Congratulations 
I hope we can continue to get support from the departments concerned 
Without a doubt . Relevant department will try their best 
Now please tell me something about your past work achievements 
All right , madam . When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store . I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25 % and profit margins from 50 % to 80 % 
That is quite an achievement ! Do you consider it your most rewarding work experience 
I don't think so . I'll create further achievement in the future 
Have you received any honors 
Yes . I got the title of " Advance Worker " in 2006 
Do you have any publications 
Yes . I wrote a thesis entitled " On Interpersonal Relations in the Socialist Market Economy " and it was published in China Daily 
Okay , now I ’ d like to find out more about your last job . I see you spent almost four years at the London Weekly , is that right 
Yes , that ’ s right . To be honest , the first year was quite tough for me . I was really just treated more like an intern . I didn ’ t have many responsibilities and I found it quite frustrating 
So , what changed 
Well slowly but surely I proved myself , and the new editor liked me so he promoted me to features writer 
Wow , a real step up 
Yes , I was responsible for restaurant and food reviews mostly . I spent 3 years in that position , but to be honest it wasn ’ t an area of journalism I wanted to stay in long-term 
I see , so why did you decide to leave finally 
I just felt that the paper couldn ’ t offer me any new opportunities . I really needed a more challenging role to be honest 
Going to the cafeteria 
No , I am not eating there anymore . I have ordered my favorite food in the restaurant around the corner . The food served in the cafeteria is not my type . I am a total meat lover . But the cafeteria is doing its best to force me to be a vegetarian . They have been serving the Chinese cabbage and white gorse for three days . Haven ’ t you noticed that 
That ’ s fine with me . I don ’ t hate vegetables and I don ’ t eat much during lunch 
Well , then the cafeteria suits you best . But anyway , if you like to have a lunch outside the company , feel free to join me anytime 
Welcome to our school . If you need any help , please come to me 
You are so kind . Thank you very much 
Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is 
What's Tiananmen famous for 
It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east 
What's that 
That's the Forbidden city on the north of Gate building 
All the sightseeing in china is very attractive and crescive.travelling to China is very worth one.thank you so much for your guides , and I'll miss you 
At what age do children start school in your country 
At five 
Do boys and girls go to school together 
Yes , they do 
Do you think this is a good idea 
Yes , I do 
Do some children go on to university 
Yes , they do 
What examinations do they take first 
O levels and A levels 
How long do you usually stay at university 
Three or four years 
What about driving to Shanghai 
Driving ? No way , it's too far 
I just thought it would be an interesting way to see lots of places . How long will it take 
Too long , and you do not have much time 
What a pity 
Could you show me my bill 
Here you are.That comes to 120 yuan 
Can I have it charged to my account , please 
Certainly , sir.Would you sign here , please ? ... Thank you 
It's a lovely day , isn't it 
Yes , the weather sure is nice today 
I love it when the weather is like this.Why don't we sit down outside and have our lunch 
That sounds like a good idea.The sky is clear , the sun is shining and there's a nice cool breeze , so it is not too hot 
I really miss the change of seasons like we have in Colorado.but I must admit , this sure is a nice spring day 
Hey , this spot in the shade looks really comfortable 
Okay.Hey , is that a dark cloud over there ? Do you think it will rain after all 
I don't think so . I say the weather report last night , and it said the weather should be fine all day 
If the weather stays nice perhaps we can go to the beach this weekend.It ' s been a while since I've not really gotten some sun 
Did your meal meet with your approval 
Our meal was absolutely perfect 
How about a dessert to top off that wonderful meal 
Dessert sounds perfect , but I would like to split something with my friends 
On this evening's dessert list , we have chocolate mousse cake , homemade fresh strawberry shortcake , and a spicy rum apple crisp 
I think that the apple crisp would be wonderful 
One dessert will serve two , so would you like to split a second one 
We would also like a piece of chocolate mousse cake . Could you bring us four dessert forks , please 
How about some coffee and tea as well 
We are all tea drinkers . Please bring us four teas 
I will prepare your desserts and have someone bring you your drinks right away 
The hot drinks first would be great . Thanks 
Excuse me , ma'am . Can you tell me where the nearest postoffice is 
Of course . Go straight ahead . Turn right at the next street . You'll see a tall , yellow building.The post office is on the first floor 
Do you mean that I go that way for one block , then turn right 
Yes , you are right 
Is it far 
No , It's only about five minutes ' walk 
Thank you very much 
It's my pleasure 
Albert ? Could you co-sign this approval sheet ? Accounting ’ s getting really picky 
I know . They ’ Ve already sent back two approvals I sent them . Where do I sign 
Right here . It ’ s for that new fax machine we ’ re getting 
Oh , right . I remember . There you are . Hope you don ’ t have as many problems as I had 
Garage sale , what does that mean 
Well , it is like a shop but the things here are quite cheap 
How much is the tape record 
$ 5 
That's really cheap . I will take it 
Sure . Here you are 
Sorry to bother you . But I ’ m having a small problem I thought you might be able to help me with 
Sure Paula , shoot 
Well , it is about Ms . Connors , the landlord of our rented house 
Yeah , What happened 
The dishwasher broke down . I had the repair done and deducted the cost from the rent check 
And so ..
She is threatening to evict us for not paying the full rent 
Hold on , Paula . It does sound pretty serious . But I ’ m sure you can work this out 
Well , you are over at the law school . So I wondered if you would mind coming with me when we talk to Ms . Connors . We ’ re supposed to meet with her tomorrow night at eight 
Sure , I ’ d be glad to help you straighten things out . Why don ’ t I stop by at about seven thirty 
Thanks a million , you are a lifesaver 
hi , Mary ! What do you like to do in your spare time 
well , I spend a lot of time watching movies 
what a confidence ! I always watch a lot of movies , too 
oh really , Frank ? What kind of movies do you like 
actually , I watch whichever movie there is , be it a comedy , a sci-fi or a suspense movie . How about you 
art films are my favorite , but thrillers are cool , too 
really impressive . These two genres are totally different 
sure . I enjoy both of them very much 
how often do you go to the cinema 
once in a while , I suppose , I usually rent movies at Movie Salon 
movie salon ? where is that 
it's a movie rental store in my neighborhood . I've got a membership there 
is it good 
yes , you can find almost all new releases there 
really ? Maybe I shall also sign up for its membership 
why not 
Hey , Paul , why the long face 
It's difficult to explain 
Try me 
Well , I had a terrible day of work , I'm thinking of quiting my job 
Take it easy , maybe tomorrow will be different 
I don't know , I can't stand my job these days 
Cheer up , I hope you'll feel better soon 
What did you do last vacation 
I learned to drive and I got a driving license 
What will you do this vacation 
Travel 
Mr . Brown is in hospital again 
Is he ? He ’ s never been healthy 
When I went to see him yesterday , he looked rather pale 
I ’ m afraid he won ’ t make old bones 
Have you been taken care of 
Not yet . I am looking for a black suitcase 
Is there any special brand you'd like 
Yes . I would prefer Nike 
The franchised store is on the second floor 
Thank you 
It is reported that the temperature is going to drop dramatically tonight 
Really 
Yes . So you'd better dress warmly before you go out 
I will . Thanks for telling me 
Brooke , I have bad news 
What 
I called the airlines to reconfirm the reservations today 
Don't you dare tell me that ..
I'm sorry . I didn't reconfirm in time and they gave away half of the seats 
Well , they should have called you 
They said that they did . I've been so busy ..
And you didn't think to leave them my cell phone 
I didn't think there would be a problem 
It's the holidays ! Everybody knows how hard it is to get tickets 
I'm sorry . We're still going . I got reservations for all of us on the 31st . It will be OK . Trust me 
Trust you ! You can't even handle simple plane reservations 
Brooke 
Welcome to Flower Power , sir . What can I get for you 
I'd like a dozen long-stemmed roses 
Would you like them delivered 
Yes , I'd like them sent to this address 
Do you want to sign the card 
No , could you just write your secret admirer on it for me ? I don't want her to recognize my handwriting 
Ah ... very well , sir . I'll have them delivered this afternoon 
May I speak to Marry Lin please 
I'm sorry Marry is out right now 
When will she be back 
Why don't you call back later this afternoon 
I think I need some iced water , too . Is there an extra charge for that 
Yes . We charge 50 cents for iced water 
That's fine . Could you give me some more napkins , too 
Sure . Do you need anything else 
Yes . I would also like some sweet-and-sour sauce and pepper 
I'll put all that into the bag for you 
Do I owe you for the sauce , pepper and napkins 
No , there's no charge for those 
Excuse me , waiter , would you please give us a menu 
Sorry , sir , here you are 
Well , do you have a menu in Chinese 
Please wait a moment , I will bring you one 
May I help you 
Could I have a look at those pens 
Certainly . These are thirty yuan each and these are twenty-five 
Have you got anything a bit cheaper 
How about these ? They are nine yuan each 
No , they're not quite what I want . Sorry to trouble you 
Not at all 
Did you say you saw lily alone 
Yes , nobody was with her 
Where did you say she was 
In Thailand 
I must say I think that is very odd . Are you absolutely certain it was her 
Yes . yes , I am sure 
Because I don't want any , er , do you understand ? But you are quite sure , are you 
Quite sure . I mean that hair of hers and the voice of hers 
Give me enough for a skirt , will you 
Here you are.It ' s 90 yuan , miss 
Can you give me a discount 
20 percent is the best discount I can offer . That will came to 72yuan 
OK . 72 yuan 
Thanks , Miss . I want you to see our new stock of brocade satin , a splendid line , just came in 
No , Thanks.Not today 
I'll just have this all wrapped up for you 
( Bob groans . ) What's the matter.Bob 
I think it's my ankle 
What happened 
One of my snowshoes got caught on a rock 
Can you stand 
I don't think so.It ' s kind of sore 
We'll have to get you to a hospital for an X-ray 
Is that really necessary 
It may be worse than it seems . How's it feel 
About the same 
Someone will be out to take a look any minute now 
Should we be here , Alice ? I don't think it's that serious 
Of course ! It's the sort of thing a hospital emergency ward is for . Will we have to wait much longer 
I hope not.It isn't that busy 
Look at these newlyweds . They seem as if they are on top of the world 
Yes , they do . It's great for them to tie the knot and get married 
People who have just got married feel that the world is right before them 
Nothing seems to be happier for them 
Do you have some good ideas of losing weight 
First of all , you should pay attention to what you eat . Don't eat too much food with high calories , such as chocolate , ice cream and the like 
Any more 
Stay away from fried foods . Fried foods are fried in oil or fat 
Got it 
Do not be a couch potato . You should do more exercise 
Well , it seems that I should do some jogging from tomorrow on 
Let's skip The X-files tonight , Fran . Okay ? Just this once 
Let me guess . You want to watch the History Channel again 
How did you know ! There's a program on ancient Egypt tonight 
Well , I guess I could tape The X-files and watch it later ..
Look , it's starting 
Mysteries of the Pyramids . Didn't we watch this program last week 
Hello , miss . I would like to check out 
Well , sir . If you want to check out now , we will charge you $ 200 as well 
Why ? I have stayed for 3 nights 
Well , the check out time is 12:00 o'clock everyday , if you checked out after 15:00 , we have to charge you for another day 
How was your trip to Brazil ? Did you learn anything 
I had no idea how seriously that country takes soccer 
Tell me about it 
Okay . In the middle of their streets there are parks , big soccer fields as far as you can see 
Really 
That's not all . They use them ! Every night men , women , children all out there till 3 and 4 a . m 
Are you serious 
I don't know how they function the next day ! It's like they eat and breathe soccer 
Excuse me , are you Dr . Smith 
Yes I am . And you ..
I'm David , Joanna's husband . She has to be at work late today . So she asked me to pick you up here 
So nice to meet you , David . Call me Bill . It's very nice of you to come here 
My pleasure 
Thank you . I'm very glad to be here . As Ms . Tina said , the purpose of my presentation today is to familiarize you with the new EBB . As you probably know , EBB stands for Electronic Book Player . Our company put the original EBB on the market a year ago , but we have since all developed an improved model which we believe will be a big seller in both China and the U . S 
Ms . Yang , can you tell us in what ways the new EBB is better than the old model 
Certainly . First of all , the old model had a rather small screen , so not much information could appear at one time . So on the new model , we have made the screen much bigger and ..
Excuse me , but what are the Mbps mainly used for 
Oh , there are many uses and I'll explain them in detail a little later . First , I'd like to ..
Before you go on , Ms Yang , could you tell us if the original EBB sold well in the U . S . 
You were right , Mr . Tim . Your colleagues do want know all about it 
Good evening , miss . Want some socks 
Yes.Do you sell stockings 
Yes.But I recommend you to buy pantyhose . The stockings are already out-dated 
Sure . Are those pantyhose made of artificial silk 
Good evening , madam . Can I help you 
Yes . I bought this sheet here yesterday 
Anything wrong with it 
Yes . When I spread it out back home , I found this hole 
Oh , how awful ! May I have a look at the invoice 
Here it is 
Well . please accept our sincere apologies , I'll be glad to change it for another one if you wish 
That's very kind of you . Thank you 
We're sorry that this has happened , and I guarantee that the same mistake won't happen again 
Recently , there prevails ' Net Love ' 
What's Net Love 
Two people chat on the Net and step by step fall into love ! It's Net Love 
Ridiculous ! They haven't met ! Maybe they're the same sex 
Maybe yesterday you've received a man's woos . He's called ' Beast ' 
How could you know 
I watched the screen display 
Do you know ' He ' is Ms . Rebecca 
It's typical Net Love , and a typical lesbians ' homosex ! HA 
Impossible 
I have no idea what to buy for Mary for her birthday 
Me neither ! Would you like to go in and buy her a gift together 
Yes , that would be good 
We need to think about what she might like . What are her interests 
If I remember right , she likes music , skiing , and reading 
You know , maybe we could get her some concert tickets . Who would know her favorite groups 
Her roommate , Malia , might know what her favorite groups are 
Yeah , Malia would be able to help us choose a concert 
Let's give Malia a call and ask her for her help right now 
Good ! Maybe Malia would like to go in with us on this gift 
Peter , wash your hands first , and then have some dessert 
Mom , can I have some ice cream 
Not today , Honey . Don't eat too much ice cream 
Mom , can I have one more piece of cake 
Ok . The last piece is for your dessert . We're having dinner soon 
Hey , The Cosby Show is on 
The Cosby Show ? Wasn't it over many years ago 
That's right 
So how come it's still playing 
I'm watching reruns of it 
Reruns 
That means our local TV station is showing old episodes . You can watch reruns of nearly every old sitcom 
As we know , mobile phones bring people great convenience and shorten the distance among friends and relatives 
It bears a great many of advantages , but also some weak points 
Is it ? I've never thought of any disadvantages of the mobile phone 
For instance , the mobile phone seriously distracts the attention of people from work and study 
That's true . Some people pay too much attention to their mobile phones 
Actually , it's not the fault of the mobile phone . But people should have a proper attitude towards it . Mobile phone is a tool serving people , not the fetters restricting them 
People say that you never have a real winter in the South China , but I don't think so 
Why 
I did experience a winter with snow in Kunming , the Spring City 
With snow in Kunming ? That's crazy 
Janice , I can't find the document I was working on last month . Can you help me to look for it 
Susan , I'm sorry . Did you look up those files I requested 
Yes , but I still can not find it . Maybe it is in this cabinet 
I couldn't find the files you request , even though I checked all the cross-references . I don't think it's there 
I am sure that document was filed 
Well , let me check again under a different heading 
Good idea ! It seems that I asked you to put it in Nova's files 
Maybe that's why I couldn't find it . All the documents on Nova are filed under ' V ' 
Honey , which hand should I use to hold the fork 
Left for the fork and right for the knife . Just remember that the stronger one is for knife 
Got it . It's so troublesome to have western food . I've been learning the table manners for hours but still can't really it 
Sure . Rather than eating , having western food is more about western culture 
Yeah . Which restaurant are we going to tonight 
Cindy has reserved a table for us at a newly opened western restaurant downtown . She said the environment there was really pleasant 
Fine . I believe in Cindy's taste . Oh , what should I wear 
You should put on the black suit I bought for you last week . But I'm afraid it may be a bit crumpled . You'd better iron it now 
I don't want to mess it up . Please do it for me . I'm going to the bank to cash some money . How much do we need 
There is no need to do that . I think the restaurant accepts credit cards . But it's necessary to make a budget 
Honey , you are a good accountant . So I'd better leave that to you , too 
It seems that it's all about me . Then what do you do 
I'll take care of the order 
OK then . Well , 50 Yuan for appetizer , 200 Yuan for dinner and 200 Yuan for wine . Anything else 
Don't forget about the dessert 
OK , then 50 Yuan for dessert . 500 Yuan all together 
Do you like shopping 
Yeah . I go shopping once a week
Why don't you do your shopping at home 
What do you mean ? I can't understand 
I mean you can buy things through the Internet , that is E-commerce 
Really ? That's unbelievable 
Hi , I need broadband for my computer 
No problem . Just plug the Ethernet cable into your computer , and you're good to go 
That's a problem . My laptop has no Ethernet port , it's wireless only 
Hmm . Well , we have some alternatives , if you're interested 
Go ahead . I'm all ears 
We have a computer lab on the first floor 
That's great ! How much is it 
It's absolutely free to guests . Except for printing , of course 
Okay . What about the other alternatives 
You could use your wireless right here in our lobby 
Yes , that's the ticket ! And if I need to print something there 
Well , we don't have a printer in the lobby yet . You'll have to use the lab 
Is this the right bus for San Francisco 
It sure is.Can I see your ticket ? OK , fine 
When's the first stop 
About two hours out of Los Angeles . Give me the bags , I'll put'em on the bus . Here's your claim tag . Don't lose it.When you get off the bus , give it to me 
Thank you 
Is it all right to smoke on the bus 
Sure , but only in the rear , and only cigarettes . And alcohol is not allowed 
I see . Thank you 
Hi Kara , this is Mike 
Hello Mike . How are things going for you 
Great , how are you 
Fine . Everything is just fine 
Kara , I had a great time the other night and was wondering if you would like to go out again this weekend 
Mike , I enjoyed your company , but I am getting ready to graduate soon . I really need to focus on my studies 
Maybe I could help you with what you need to get done 
It would be better for me to just deal with getting my work done , but thank you for a lovely dinner 
Would you like to go to a concert with me 
I'd love to 
Hey , Ken ... I need to talk to you 
Sure ... what's up 
Can we step into the conference room ? This is a more private conversation 
Sure ..
Ok ... I'm just going to lay it all out on the table , What do you think of Vincent's management style 
Well , Vincent has only been CEO for a couple of years and ... well ... um ..
I don't want to put you on the spot . Here's what I'm getting at , I don't think Vincent is the man for the job 
Really ? And what led you to this conclusion 
As I see it , he lacks the proper vision . His style is more about survival , and he's not taking the company anywhere.He ' s treading water instead of swimming 
Well , I confess I've had my doubts about his abilities before . It seems he mainly got the job because his famous aunt pulled some strings 
I've been with this firm for 26 years and I'd hate to see it go down the drain due to poor leadership skills 
Me too . But what can we do ? This isn't a reality TV show ... we can't just vote him out 
Yes and no ... We can't ask for a show of hands on who thinks he should be fired , but we can introduce a vote of no confidence at the next board meeting 
Interesting idea . You might be on to something 
There is something wrong with my girlfriend 
What's the trouble 
The department manager is all over her . He says he loves her 
What about your friend ? Did she fall for him 
Of course not ! She thinks he's an apple-head . She doesn't like an apple-headed man , you know 
Now you don't have the butterflies in your stomach , do you 
Hello . What can I do for you , sir 
Hi . Fill it up please . Premium 
Sure 
Oh , can you check my oil and tires while you're at it 
No problem . I'm gonna need you to turn off your engine and open the hood for me 
OK , it's open 
Your oil is fine but your tires are a little flat 
Oh . Where can I add some air to my tires 
Right here . I'll do it for you . ( Three minutes later ) Your car's ready 
Good . How much does it come to 
Nine gallons of premium . That's $ 15.32 , please 
How was the movie last night 
I didn't really like it 
Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography 
I found it very disappointing 
She liked the acting , too , because that's what she wanted to see 
I wasn't happy with it 
Nothing is to your satisfaction 
I have made up my mind . I am getting a tattoo 
Really ? Are you sure 
Yeah ! Why not ? They are trendy and look great ! I want to get a dragon on my arm or maybe a tiger on my back 
Yeah but , it is something that you will have forever ! They use indelible ink that can only be removed with laser treatment . On top of all that , I have heard it hurts a lot 
Really 
Of course ! They use this machine with a needle that pokes your skin and inserts the ink 
Oh , I didn ’ t know that ! I thought they just paint it on your skin or something 
I think you should reconsider and do some more research about tattoos . Also , find out where the nearest tattoo parlor is and make sure they used sterilized needles , and that the place is hygienic 
Maybe I should just get a tongue piercing 
Hello . City News . Can I help you 
Hello . My name is Jessica Smith . I ’ d like to cancel the newspaper 
Okay . What ’ s your account number 
8902365 
And your address , please 
845 lincoln Avenue 
When do you want it cancelled 
Beginning the first day of next month 
Okay 
How was your vacation in Paris 
It was exciting 
Hey Stacy . What's going on 
I'm pretty tired these days 
Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands 
I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends 
How about your husband . Does he help much 
Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that 
That sucks 
If he wasn't so lazy , I think I wouldn't have any complaints . He mows the lawn , but can you believe he tried to convince me to do it 
That's crossing the line 
Oh well . I'll have to live with it . What else can I do 
Can you suggest a few exercise to help me get fit and stretch my muscles a little 
Sure . If you want to stretch your legs , a good exercise is to lift your knee in front of your body , like this . It ’ s a very simple exercise , but very effective 
I need to excise my arms too . How can I do that 
One good way is to do push-ups . Another way is to use weights . Make sure you grip the weights firmly . You don ’ t want to drop them on your feet 
When I do push-ups , should I bend my elbows so that my nose touches the ground 
You don ’ t need to bend your elbows that much . Bend them so that your arms are at a 90 degree angle . The most important thing is to remember to keep your body straight . Many people bend the
What ’ s a good exercise for my chest muscles 
One that I recommend is that you lie on your back . You should have a weight in each hand and stretch your arms out side of your body 
So I need plenty of space for this exercise 
Yes , you do . Lift the weight up , keeping your arms straight all the time 
Great . Thanks for you advice 
I want to buy some running shoes . Maybe New Balance 
Why do you need running shoes ? You aren't a runner 
But I exercise at the club . And I use the stepping machine.So I need good running shoes 
That's not the same.Maybe you want to buy running-shoe-style shoes , but not real running shoes 
What's the difference 
There isn't much difference . But there is some difference.For one thing , real running shoes are much more expensive.They have very lightweight materials.They ' re designed for serious runner
And what are running-shoe-style shoes 
They look like running shoes.They have the same shape . And you can use them for running too.But they're not so serious . They aren't designed for serious runners.You can use them for exerce
But they aren't as light , right 
That's right.If you want a really lightweight shoe , you should buy a high-quality running shoe 
That's what I want.For exercising at the club . I can even spend 100 dollars on them . I don't care 
But it's a waste of money . You won't really run in them ! You don't need such a shoe to use exercise machines . It's just a waste of money 
My sister has New Balance running shoes . I want shoes just like hers . I don't care if they're expensive . And they look cool too 
Well , do what you like.There are different kinds of New Balance shoes though.You don't have to buy the most expensive 
I want the best.My sister said good shoes are very important . For support . They support your feet 
Your sister is a fitness expert , huh 
No , but she exercises more than me 
I really think you are stubborn about some things.But here . Let's look at the New Balance shoes 
Here it is . This is what my sister has 
Yes , that's it . That's their top model 
I wonder if they have my size 
Well , we can wait for the assistant to help us , or we can look through the boxes down here . What is your size 
Here in America , it's six 
Well , here you are . Size six . Woman's . 137 dollars.Wow , what a waste of money 
It's none of your business . Let me try them on 
Mary is really a diligent girl 
What do you mean 
She learns to speak Latin by osmosis within three months 
She is really something 
Wow ! That ’ s a pretty dress , but it ’ s too expensive 
Yeah , it is ! Why is it so expensive 
It ’ s because of good quality and the fine design 
I don ’ t think it ’ s worth that money 
Anyhow , this dress is really elegant 
We have a holiday next week , don't we 
Yes , on Monday 
What're you going to do 
I'm probably going to spend the day looking at cars 
At cars ! You aren't thinking about buying a car , are you 
Yes , I am . I'd like to be able to get around a little more 
But it will be expensive to have a car in the city , won't it 
Oh , I don't know . Of course , gasoline costs a lot these days 
But what about parking ? You can't park on the street , can you 
A lot of people do . I'll try it for a while anyway , but I certainly don't want to pay a lot of parking tickets 
I ’ m afraid I spoke in all of the table clock 
Never mind about that 
I ’ m terribly sorry , Won ’ t you let me pay for 
No , I won ’ t hear of it 
Hey , let ’ s pull over and look at that house over there 
Yes , that looks great ! Is it on our Open House list 
Yes , it is on our list 
Well , it looks great from the curb . Let ’ s go on inside 
Let ’ s sign the registry . The realtor looks kind of busy right now 
OK , let ’ s go check out the kitchen next 
Oh look , they have some refreshments in here 
Make sure that you pick up a flyer with the information about the home 
Does it say how much they are asking for this house 
Yes , it seems to have been discounted from two hundred and thirty-five thousand to two hundred and twenty-five thousand
How ’ s everything with you today 
I ’ m fine . Thank you 
What can I do for you 
I need to transfer money 
Do you know which account you want to take the money from 
From my savings account 
Where are you transferring the money to 
I would like it transferred to my checking account 
How much 
I want to transfer $ 200 
Will that be all 
Yes . That will be all 
Here comes the bus 
It's about time 
Hello 
Oh , hi 
Please allow me to introduce myself . My name is Tom 
Pleased to meet you . My name is Alice . Did you just move in next door 
Yes , I did . Have you lived here long 
Me ? I guess so . I've lived here for about six years now . Have you lived in America very long 
No , not really . When I left Vietnam , I came to America and I lived with a cousin in Dallas for two years . Where do you work , Alice 
I teach mathematics at a college . What do you do 
I am an accountant at a company
Well , Tom . It's good to meet you . I have to go now . I am teaching a class this evening , and I need to get to the college 
It's nice meeting you too , Alice 
See you around 
Goodbye , Alice 
Well , how did you enjoy your seaside trip 
It was funny 
Tell me about it , will you 
Well , we drove through the valley on our way there in the morning . It was a magnificent sight 
Did you stop at the big waterfall for pictures 
Sure , we wouldn't miss it for anything . After that , we took a short cut to the park . There was very little traffic , so we got there in less than an hour 
You were lucky then . What did you do after that 
We went for a swim in the sea . That was the best part of the day . Just look at my nice tan 
So you must have had a busy and enjoyable day yesterday 
Yes , you're right . And I was so tired that I fell asleep on the way back . My arms are still stiff from the swim yesterday 
I hear Fred is a very good student in your class 
Though he's not the one who can get the highest score , yet , on the whole , he is comparable to the best 
What do you mean by on the whole 
I mean he's a student developing all round 
I'm going to the park to play baseball with the guys 
But you promised to play chess with me this afternoon 
Yeah , but that was before the guys ask me to join the team 
So what 
You know how much I want to be on the team , and now there is an opening for me.If I don't go to practise today.They ' ll get someone else and I'll miss my chance 
I don't care about baseball.You know I need to practice for the chess championship and you promised to help with me if I washed the dishes for you last Sunday , and I did 
I know , and I will 
When 
After baseball practice 
And then , it'll be dinner time , then homework , and then your Show is on.You are going to break your promise 
No , I won't . I'm going to skip TV tonight and work on your chess game with you if that's ok with you 
Well , I'd rather do it the way we set up.But if you promise to give me your best game , it's ok with me 
No problem , I'll play as hard as I can and give you an extra game to say thanks 
Do you think we can go driving right now 
Yeah , sure . Let's go 
Buckle up 
All right . Now what 
Now you put the key in the ignition and start the car 
Which direction should I take 
Make a left on this next street 
Tell me how far to go 
Keep going until I tell you to stop 
Okay , but let me know ahead of time 
That's all for today , so park right there 
That was great . Thanks for taking me driving 
Excuse me . May I have a bus map , please 
You mean one for the city 
Yes , within New York 
I'm afraid we don't have any . If I were you , I'd try one of the newspaper stands 
Thank you 
Good Morning , sir . What can I do for you 
Yes , I'd like to change Australian dollars for RIB 
How much do you want to change 
I am not sure . What's the rate today 
It's 1 Australian dollar to 6.1 Yuan RIB 
What was the rate yesterday 
The rate was 1 Australia dollar to 6.5 Yuan yesterday 
Oh , the rate goes down 
It does , sir . Do you still want to have it changed now 
Let me think ... Will the rate still go down tomorrow 
I don't know , sir . But it won't change much 
Well , I want to change 1000 Australian dollars for RIB 
Okay . Please sign here in this form 
OK 
Here is the 6,100 RIB 
Thank you very much 
Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes 
I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn 
And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup 
I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad 
Can I get you anything to drink ? 
Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea 
Okay . I'll be back in a minute with your drink and salad 
Thank you 
Did you like the party 
Not particularly . I was rather disappointed 
Why ? What had you expected 
I ’ d expected it to be much more exciting 
Rachel has decided to quit smoking 
Really ? Why 
You never guess she is going to have a baby 
Oh , it's unbelievable . She is such a chain smoker 
Yes , yes . She said she is going to stop drinking coffee too and quit all the unhealthy habits just for the baby 
Oh , she is going to be a great mother 
Do you think we can get to the airport by 8
We should make it , if there isn't too much traffic 
Is it the rush hour now 
Yes , but don't worry . We'll make it 
Wow , you ’ re up early today ! What ’ s for breakfast 
Well , I felt like baking , so I made some muffins 
Smells good ! I ’ ll make some coffee . Do you want me to make you some eggs 
Sure , I'll take mine , sunny side up 
Www , I don ’ t know how you can eat your eggs like that ! Ever since I was small , I ’ Ve had eggs and soldiers 
You know , my dad had scrambled eggs every morning for twenty years . It drove my mom crazy 
You know what really drives me crazy ? When I ask for soft boiled eggs , and they overcook them , so they come out hard boiled ! How can you dip your toast into a hard boiled egg 
You ’ re so picky sometimes 
Here you go , honey , fried eggs 
I said sunny side up ! How many times do I have to tell you 
Hello Mei , How about going for a meal this evening 
Good idea ! I finish work at five . Why don ’ t we meet at six 
Ok that sounds good . Where shall I meet you 
Let ’ s meet in front of the train station 
Ok great , I ’ ll see you at six 
Ok , see you tonight ! Don ’ t be late 
Let's go in 
After you 
Good morning , everyone . We will get to destination in only one hour 
Oh , yes 
I hope that you had good journey 
Yes . Thank you 
Make sure that your customs forms are with you 
And 
Before disembarkation , please get ready 
All right 
By the way , don't forget your luggage on the ship 
Thank you for your reminding 
You will see the beautiful city 
I can't wait to see it 
Could I have a word with you , Madam 
Is that you , Janice ? Just speaking 
I have to tell you that I can't be in today and tomorrow 
So sorry to hear that . What's wrong with you 
I feel sick and coughed a lot at night 
Is that serious ? You ought to see a doctor 
Yes , I did this in the morning . And my doctor wanted me to have a rest these two days 
That's good . Do you suppose you will be back at company the day after tomorrow 
I hope so . And I will definitely tell you if I can not 
Well , take care of yourself . And hope you will be better as soon as possible 
The road ahead is blocked . There might have been an accident 
Are there many accidents in the city every day 
Not really , but they are on the rise 
Please drive slowly , we've got lots of time . Safety first 
Vancouver is the third largest city in Canada 
Would you please tell me what places are worth visiting 
There are many famous places such as Robson Street , Stanley Park , Gaston , Lion Gate Bridge , The Vancouver Art Gallery , and The Canadian Crafts Museum 
So , Lauren , I just wanted to talk to you quickly about our new customer support representative , Jason Huntley 
Sure , what ’ s up 
Basically , I ’ Ve got a few concerns about him , and the bottom line is , I don ’ t think he ’ s a good fit for our company 
Okay ... what makes you say that ? I thought you were pleased with his overall performance . Didn ’ t you just tell me last week how impressed you were with his attitude 
Yeah , his attitude is great , but he ’ s really unreliable.Sometimes he ’ s really productive , but then other times ... take last Tuesday for instance , he was forty-five minutes late for our morning meeting 
Well , I ’ m sure he had a perfectly good reason ..
But that ’ s not the only thing ... you know , he really doesn ’ t have the best work ethic , I ’ m constantly catching him on MSN and Facebook when he should be talking to clients 
Yeah , but come on , Geoff , as if you don ’ t check Facebook at work . Look , you hired this guy , we ’ Ve invested a lot of time and money in his training , so now it ’ s up to you to coach him . Make it work , Geoff 
Make it work , Geoff . You would say that , wouldn ’ t you , he is your cousin.what a jerk , make me hire your stupid , useless , cousin 
What's this city famous for 
Tea and silk 
Where can we have the famous tea 
Preferably at the big department stores 
Thank you 
It's all over . I'm bankrupt 
Don't worry . Everything will be fine 
why are you so upset today , Maria ? Cheer up 
oh , Iris , it ’ s about the job with the PR company 
it ’ s a great opportunity . You should be happy with the offer 
but my mother won ’ t allow me to accept any part-time job . I ’ m afraid she will say no again 
why ? It ’ s unfair . You can learn a lot from it 
she says a part-time job is cursed blessing . It takes so much time and energy that I won ’ t be able to focus on my studys 
that may be true . But I ’ m sure you ’ re able to find a balance between them . Why not try it 
I turned down quite a few offers before for her sake . But I ’ m a senior now , I don ’ t want to miss the chance this time 
I agree with you but I think you really need to talk to your mother and tell her what's on your mind 
I ’ ll try , but what if she insists 
just let her know that the experience will be both amazing and rewarding . And more importantly , you can manage both your study and the job 
do you think it will work 
sure . Every cloud has its silver lining . Just try 
ok , I ’ ll do that . Thank you , Iris 
sure . Good luck , Maria 
Can you offer me something a little cheaper 
Well , let me see . What price range do you have in mind 
I want to stay under $ 20 
How about this one ? This is just $ 20 . It's worth every penny of it 
What do you make of the case 
If you ask me , I don ’ t think it ’ s guilty 
What do you mean by saying so 
I mean it ’ s not his fault 
Oh , yeah 
Yes . Don ’ t you think he should be pitied rather than accused 
We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future 
Yes . I promise it will not happen again 
We look forward to your settlement at an early date 
We will inform you as soon as possible 
Mr . Wilson , here's a present for you 
Oh , you are so nice . What a lovely scarf 
I hope you will like it 
Of course , I like it very much . Thank you 
What's for dinner tonight 
It's whatever you're planning on cooking 
You're not going to cook 
No , I always cook 
Yeah , and I love your cooking 
Don't give me that . If you're hungry , then cook dinner 
You're being serious 
Look , I'm really tired tonight . I don't feel like cooking dinner 
Okay , I'll make dinner tonight 
Thank you . I'm going to bed 
Do you want me to wake you up when dinner is ready 
Yes , please 
You keep bowling spares but no strike 
I don't know why , but I think there's something wrong with my hands . I couldn't seem to be able to control it on the first ball 
I don't think it was the problem with your hands , you did several excellent spares . You have no problem with your hands 
Then why couldn't I get strike on the first ball 
The problem is you are too nervous . You want to have a strike so much , so you deliver the ball too hard . And when it comes to the I second roll , there's no pressure . That's why you could bowl all those spares 
Really ? I will try again 
There is a new coffee shop opening up down the street 
I hope that they have a good menu . Most coffee shops only have coffee and Danish 
That's right . You don't drink coffee , do you 
No , so it's usually boring to join my friends in the afternoon at a regular coffee shop 
What kind of things would you like to see on the menu 
Maybe a fruit salad and a few different hot sandwiches at least 
That shouldn't be too difficult . Since this is a small neighborhood , maybe they will take this suggestion 
Let's try it 
Hey , let ’ s go to the night market after work tonight 
That ’ s a good idea . I haven ’ t been in a while and I need to get a new backpack . The old one is hanging on by a thread 
That reminds me I should buy some new socks to go hiking this weekend 
Did you hear about that accident on the 5 ? There was a sixty-two-car pile up 
No kidding ! When did that happen 
Early this morning 
Oh , no 
Yeah . And a semi jack-knifed trying to miss a stalled car in the fast lane . You can imagine what happened after that 
Sixty two cars . Oath . Do they know how many casualties yet 
The count is up to seven right now and several are in critical condition 
That's amazingly low for such a huge accident 
We have settled the question of price , quality and quantity . Now I am calling to talk about the terms of payment . What are your terms of payment 
Well . We only accept the payment to be made by confirmed and irrevocable L \ C , payable against shipping documents 
I see . Payment by LC is the safest method , but could you make an exception and accept DA or DP 
I'm afraid not . That is our usual practice , because we are sure we will get the right amount of money that way 
What about the cost of delivery 
We would like to do it in accordance with an F . O . B 
When should I make my presence known 
Wait for my instructions and then proceed accordingly 
What department did you study in 
I was in the Law School in Harvard University 
Why do you choose the Law School 
I want to be a lawyer in the future and the Law School was one of the best schools in Harvard 
May I borrow your typewriter 
How long would you like to keep it 
Until the end of the week 
Yes , that'd be all right 
Hello , Mr Mayhew . How are you today 
I'm just fine , thanks , Jane . I'd like to make a withdrawal from my Current Account , please 
Would you like a balance inquiry first , Mr Mayhew 
That might be a good idea , yes 
Your balance is 21,290 RIB . How much would you like to take out today 
I think 2,000 RIB will suffice , thanks 
Actually , I have a suggestion for you . We've started a new service called Entrusting Deposit Combination - Have you heard about this 
No , I don't think I have . But I would like to hear the full details , if you think it'll be beneficial to me 
Let's see if we forget anything 
Oh , we need an umbrella . The weather is so changeable in that area 
Yes , let's go . Lock the door , please 
All right 
Hey , Michael . Remember me ? I'm Becky . We used to work at Lemans together 
Oh , sure . How are you ? Long time no see . How are things at Lemans 
It's about the same . I've been thinking of making a change myself . Do you mind if I ask you a few things about your job at the university 
No , not at all . Go ahead 
Well , I was wondering what the salaries are like ? I mean ... are they much lower than the corporate world 
Well , I can't speak for all universities , but my salary is a definitely lower than at Lemans . I just don't think the salaries are comparable when you leave a major corporation 
Yeah , that's what I thought . But , I've heard that the perks are better . I was wondering if that was really true 
I'd have to say yes and no on that . I don't get a big end-of-the-year bonus like I did at Lemans but I get to take classes for free if I want to . I've always wanted to get a graduate degree so I'm taking classes now to do that 
Oh , that's great . It sounds like you're really happy with your move 
Yeah , I guess I am . Working at a university is really suits me 
What part did you get in the play this time 
I got a character part — some old lady who shows up in a few scenes 
I wish I had a character part . Those are my favorite 
Are you kidding ? You got the leading role 
I know , but I've done that so Ay times . It's getting old . The leading guy is always the same macho A 
I would trade you if I could but I don't think I'd be a very convincing macho A 
Next time . You are going to love your part . I've seen the script 
I do a good old lady . I wouldn't mind being the damsel in distress once in a while 
Hey Jack . Are you excited about starting work 
Yeah . I'm really looking forward to it 
What was more exciting , starting college or starting work 
They're pretty similar , but in different ways . I really can't decide . How about you 
For me , I think starting school was more exciting 
Does that mean work isn't that great 
It's different for everyone , but because I knew school was going to be so much fun , I really got excited about it 
But work is a huge portion of our lives . I'm looking forward to making it fun 
That's a great attitude to have . I don't think you'll have any problems in the workforce 
I hope you're right 
Morning , Zina . Just wanted to say thanks again 
Hi , Vince . Thanks for stopping by . How's the work coming along for the online auction 
Oh , yeah . I'm glad you mentioned that . I think we need to hire somebody new to manage it 
Can't Elvin handle it 
I think he's got too much on his plate 
Welcome to our Colonial Tramcar Restaurant , ma'am . Where would you like to sit 
I'd like to sit in the rear 
All right . Come with me , please . Here is your seat , ma'am . Would you like to order now 
Yes
What would you like for a drink 
Wine , please 
What kind 
Something real Australian 
Would Chablis be all right 
Yes . That would be fine 
What would you have for a la cane 
I'll have Chicken and Ginger Burger with Chilli Dressing 
Did you go to the movie yesterday 
Yes , I did 
What did you think of it 
I don't think much of the film 
I think it is the worst one I have ever seen 
Oh , I'm not sure I agree with you . It was not a good one , but it was not the worst one . Actually , it wasn't too bad 
I can't think the same 
What's more , some scenes were good , much fit for the children 
I couldn't agree with you 
Well , sir . We are asking all our guests to wear a jacket and a tie in our restaurant 
Is that so ? I didn't know it . can I possibly borrow a jacket and a tie 
I am sorry ; you can't borrow a jacket and a tie 
Then we'll return to the hotel and come back , will you change the appointment 
Certainly , what time will you come back 
At 7 , please 
How many in your party 
A party of 13 
Alright , we are waiting for you at 7 
Well , we've settled the problems of price , quality and quantity . What mode of payment do you wish to employ 
Irrevocable letter of credit , of course . It's the normal terms of payment in international business 
Could you adopt D / A or D / P ? You see I have to pay a deposit when I open a letter of credit . That will tie up my funds and add to the cost of my imports , especially for such a huge order 
You might consult your bank and see if you could reduce the required deposit to a minimum 
Anyhow , there would be certain bank charges . We've done business for years and you should have some faith in our credit . It would help me greatly , if you could accept D / A or D / P . It makes no difference to you , but it does to me 
Well . As you understand , the irrevocable L / C gives the exports additional protection of the banker ’ s guarantee . We always ask for L / C for our exports , and the other way around , we pay by L / C for our imports . We only accept L / C for regular orders 
I need a taxi , please 
We have various transportation services . Would you prefer a private vehicle 
No , thanks . A taxi is just fine 
May I suggest a limo ? It's nice to pamper yourself 
I don't want anything except a taxi , thank you 
I understand . And where will you be going 
Rockefeller Center 
And what time would you like to be picked up 
The sooner the better 
A taxi will be here shortly , sir 
Great ! And remember , a taxi , not a limo 
A taxi it is , sir 
We're leaving now 
Here's your bill 
Right . And would you please forward our mail to this address 
Certainly 
Thank you . Goodbye 
Goodbye . Hope to see you again 
Have you got anything to declare , madam 
No , I haven't 
Have you got any wine or spirits 
No , I don't drink 
What about cigarettes or cigars 
I've got some cigars 
How many , madam 
Two small boxes 
Does it look like a good fit 
It's definitely your size 
Yes , it is very nice . I'll take it 
How do you prefer to pay 
Let me use my credit card 
Now , if you'll just sign here 
No problem 
I hope you enjoy your purchase . Good-bye 
What is your greatest strength 
I feel my greatest asset is perseverance , that is , the ability to stick to things to get them done 
Why do you say that 
I feel a sense of accomplishment when I finish a job and it turned out just as I'd planned 
Are you ready to go shopping 
Not yet . I'm not finished with my research yet 
What research 
Reading my fashion magazines ! How do you think I know so much about all the latest trends 
But they're just ads 
Duh ... That's the point . The people in the ads are wearing what's in . Plus , there are articles on new trends 
You ran the stop sign . May I see your driver's licence , please 
Oh , I'm sorry . I didn't see the stop sign at the corner . I didn't mean it 
That doesn't justify your violation . May I see your licence , please 
Oh , sorry , I don't have it on me . Honestly , I forgot it at the house . But I have the insurance policy with me . Here it is 
Well , sir , your insurance looks good , but I still have to write you a ticket 
I understand , officer . I guess it's just not my day today . I will accept the fine 
Hi . Are you new in this class 
Yes , I am . I really don't know anyone 
My name is Steven . What's your name 
My name is Bill . How are your lessons going 
Very well . And my favorite subject is Chinese 
I prefer to learn English . In my opinion , English is easier than Chinese 
I guess English has fewer characters 
You are right 
Hello there ! Come on in ! Don ’ t just stand there ! Come and take a seat 
Um , okay . Well , I just want a trim . Nothing too fancy 
Oh my gosh ! Your hair is amazing ! So silky , so shiny ! I am going to work my magic on your hair ! You hear me ? You are going to look like a million bucks 
Okay . Um ... can you make sure my sideburns are even and you just take a little off the top 
Don ’ t you worry , I ’ ll take care of everything ! Oh my god ! I just love your curly hair ! It ’ s so fluffy and cute ! You should totally let it grow out . An afro would look great on you 
Um ... no 
Okay , but you are going to be my masterpiece 
Have you ever played Making 
Not really , but I know it is very popular a traditional Chinese gambling game 
Yes , some friends play it all day , all night , and sometimes a whole weekend . I tried to read about some basic rules online , but it is hard to understand . So I went to watch people play yesterday only to find I was even more confused . I think I have to work hard on those rules and more learning by doing . Practice makes the master 
Typical Francis , whether you are at work , or engaged in leisure time activities , you always show the same eagerness and curiosity to learn something new and improve yourself 
It is important to keep your mind up-to-date and active 
Hello ! I need to make a copy of something at once 
There's a copy machine on the first floor in our computer lab , sir 
Fantastic ! Is there a charge 
It's ten cents a copy , sir 
Well , I'm only making one copy , so I guess I can afford it 
A dime is still a bargain , sir 
Cindy , can you show me how to call Connecticut 
Who do you know there 
A good friend of mine is there on a homestay program , too 
I see 
Is it expensive to make out-of-state calls 
Yeah , but it isn't more expensive than international calls 
What do I do here 
Easy . Dial the area code for Connecticut ; then dial your friend's number 
That's it 
Check the local time before you call . You don't want to wake your friend up by accident 
How many people does your company employ 
We have over sixty employees . We have about forty factory workers and technical people and the rest are admin and sales staff . We started off with only ten people , so our workforce has grown a lot 
What's your annual turnover 
It was just over two million euros last year 
It's raining 
Oh , no ! Not again 
How nice it is here
You can say that again . The sunny shining and there ’ s pleasant raise . it ’ s so lovely
I ’ Ve heard the whether here is ideal , just like spring most of the year
That ’ s correct . we have four seasons of spring
so , your friend ’ s getting married on Saturday . What have you bought her as a wedding gift . I find is so hard to choose the right gift 
my friend and her fiance had a really good idea . They have cut out pictures from catalogues and pasted them in a notebook . The picture are of things they want . People sign their name b
that ’ s clever ! Then everyone knows that they are buying something the couple really want and there ’ s no chance of two people buying the same gift . What things were in the notebook 
most of the things were household appliance . You know , everything from an iron through a vacuum cleaner to a cooker . I think it ’ s an excellent way for everyone who knows the couple to help
so , what did you get them 
I bought a sewing machine . I know that my friend likes making her own clothes , but her current sewing machine is quite old and has some problems 
what ’ s wrong with is 
she says that after several years of use , it ’ s not working properly . When she uses it , it makes a funny noise 
household appliance don ’ t seem to last for a long time nowadays 
I think it ’ s because the manufactures are constantly bringing out new models . Because they know that we will buy the new models , the appliances don ’ t need to last more than five or ten year
I've booked an air ticket to Venice 
How long will you be there 
I'd like to stay there for a week 
So you'll have a tour of the famous city 
Certainly 
I ’ d better be going 
So soon . Why don ’ t you stay a little longer 
I wish I could , but It ’ s already late 
Oh . It ’ s pity you have to leave 
thank you for wonderful meat 
I'm glad you enjoy it 
Are there any hobbies you do 
When I have time , I sometimes draw and paint 
Oh , you actually do that 
Every so often , I do 
Did you always know how to draw and paint 
I was taught in high school how to draw and paint 
You had an art class 
Exactly , it was my favorite class 
Well , it's good that you're so talented 
I appreciate that 
Talent is a great thing , I wish I had one 
Everyone has a talent . They just need to find it 
Excuse me , which one is of the highest quality here 
This one . It is of the best quality and excellently tailored as well . You may try it on 
That is nice . But I don't quite like the collar 
The collar ? It is just the collar that is popular with young people in Shanghai 
I don't care what others wear . How much is it 
250 Yuan 
Really ? Too expensive . I don't think I can afford it 
But it is really worthwhile 
OK , anyway , let me have it 
Here you are 
Thank you 
My dear , it's five flights up 
That's all right.We ' ll get used to it.Besides , it is quiet up there.We ' re little further away from the street and traffic noise and there's no one living over us 
Is the place well-furnished 
Yes , it's pretty bright in there and big enough for our children to play 
What about the kitchen 
The stove and refrigerator are in good working order , and I don't see any loose electric wiring that could cause fires 
Are the plumbing all right 
The plumbing seems OK , too.The toilet flushes and the shower has hot and cold water , and the sinks don't seem to leak 
The place is OK.Let ' s go there and have a look at it again 
Are you going anywhere for your vacation 
Yes , we're making plans for a tour 
That'll be lovely . Where are you going 
Well start out from Long Island this Friday . We've planned a four day drive to Salt Lake City , where we'll join my brother and his family on his fortieth birthday 
Well , you've got to prepare a lot of food and enough sleeping bags then 
Oh , we'll spend the nights in hotels and enjoy local food as we pass by . How does it sound , David 
It sounds good . You can do a lot of sightseeing , too 
Yes , we'll take our time . And we'll go to Five-lake Strict and the Wall Street 
So , you're going to have a really nice vacation 
You can say that again 
Can you tell that I ’ m excited 
What are you excited about 
I voted today 
Was this your first time 
I just turned 18 a month ago 
You ’ re lucky 
What do you mean 
Because you turned 18 in an election year 
I didn ’ t even think of that 
You didn ’ t 
I really didn ’ t , but I ’ m still excited 
You should be , because you ’ re a part of history 
What are you doing , awake 
I can't sleep ..
But it's almost midnight 
Exactly . I'm too excited for Christmas morning . Also , I thought I heard Santa 
Really ? How do you know it was Santa 
Well , I heard that naughty boys and girls get coal in their stockings , so I thought I'd be nice and make Santa cookies . I even left out some milk . I heard someone in the kitchen eating the cookies , so I came downstairs 
Hmm ... well I know that Santa won't come down the chimney with you hiding behind the tree , spying on him 
Really 
Really ! Let's go back upstairs and get back to bed . That way , we can let Santa do his job . Then when you wake up , it will be Christmas already 
O-K ..
Hey , honey ! Is that you ? Don't eat all the cookies — I want some , too 
Dora , are you interested in going to the museum with me tomorrow ? I read the newspaper this morning . I know there is an art exhibition in Taipei Modern Art Museum 
Sure . I am free tomorrow . It sounds interesting to me . Can we buy the ticket online 
I don't think so . I think we had better go there earlier , or we may have to spend a lot of time waiting 
I guess that is the thing we can do with we really want to visit the museum 
Look at the ticket booth in the center . There seems to be not as many people as we thought it would be 
Yeah . We are lucky . Let's go buy the tickets first . We can have breakfast later . I am so hungry 
Good idea 
( After the breakfast ) Which floor is the art exhibition we are going to 
I have no idea . Let me take a closer look at my museum map
Sure , take your time . We have a whole day 
It's on the 2nd floor . We are going to see some beautiful paintings about the history of ancient Greece 
Look at the museum guide.It says there are also some sculptures and potteries in this area . Let's rent an audio guide 
Tell me what ’ s the matter with you , Bill 
I cannot , Mum . Nobody can help me 
Come on . Let ’ s talk heart to heart . I think we can find a solution 
I have lots of work to do . What ’ s more , my grandma is ill 
I am sorry to hear that , but face the music 
Are you cold 
Yes , a little 
I wonder if we can change the temperature 
I tried before . There are no buttons on the air conditioning 
There must be buttons . How do they turn it on and off 
I think it is centrally controlled . They control it at the main desk 
Well , they have it too cold in here . I want to be warmer . I won't be able to sleep 
I'm going downstairs for more drinking water . I will ask them 
What did they say about the air conditioning 
They said it is centrally controlled.All the rooms are the same . They can't change it 
That's stupid . How can I sleep in this 
You can wear more clothes 
Who's your favorite singer 
Coco Lee 
My god , it's such a lovely lake ! The lake has a water surface of 56 square kilometers 
No wonder it looks so huge 
We are now walking on what is in fact an island . Here we get one of the 10 sceneries of the West Lake , Autumn Moon over the Calm Lake 
Why is it called Autumn Moon over the Calm Lake 
It's so named because in the pavilion over there the great poet Bai Buyi of the Tang Dynasty would take a rest after drinking a little too much , and watch the moon over the lake 
Very romantic 
Now let's board the boat and have a ride on the lake 
Sure ( They get on the boat ) 
Wang , what's that building over there ? It looks like some sort of a huge pavilion 
You are right . That's the Heart of Lake Pavilion , situated on an islet.It was built in 1552 and is the largest pavilion on the West Lake . Oh , here we are at the Little Yingzhou island . Let's get off the boat . Please watch your steps 
Which aisle has the produce 
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce 
Are cherries on sale today 
I don't know , but I'm sure the produce person can tell you 
I'm so glad we decided to go on a cruise for our vacation 
Are you even glad that we get to buy new clothes too 
Ah , that's all part of the fun . What do you think of these shorts 
They look really good on you . They look comfortable too 
They are . I think I'm going to get a hat too 
Okay . I chose this swimming suit . Do you like it 
Wow . You look great 
Great and white ! Which reminds me , let's pick up some heavy duty sunscreen 
Do you know which stop we get off at 
We still have more to go , I think 
We've been on this bus for a while now 
You're right 
Should we have gotten off the bus already 
I don't think so 
I thought you knew 
Maybe we did miss our stop 
Really 
I'm positive that we missed our stop 
I'm never catching the bus with you again 
My mistake 
Shall we for go out for a meal this evening 
I don ’ t really mind 
We can go to that new Chinese restaurant 
I suppose I could 
Come on , let ’ s try it 
All right . If you really want to 
Hi , Alice , what are you doing this sunday 
Nothing really , why , what ' s up 
If you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people 
Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when 
Around six pm 
Do you need help setting up or anything ? I don't mind . I like to do that kind of thing . It's fun and I have a good eye for decorating 
No . thank you . I can handle it , but thanks for the offer 
Ok , I will see you then 
Great , have a good day , thanks again for the offer 
I'm sorry to interrupt you . Please take care not to make a mess while you are selecting goods . If you don't want it , please replace it 
Oh , I'm terribly sorry . but I couldn't find the yoghurt I saw here last time 
What's the brand 
San Yuan 
Oh , it's out of stock at the moment . Why don't you choose another brand instead 
I'm not used to other brands 
You can have a try . Maybe you will like it 
OK . I hope so 
Hi , I'm back ! Hmm ... your hair is pretty damaged , and you've got split ends 
Really ? What can I do 
Well , the trim should fix the split ends , but you might need a deep conditioning treatment 
Umm , OK . Whatever you think will help 
I'm also going to add some layers to frame your face 
Can you use the thinning shears on top , too ? My hair is really thick 
No problem 
Hi , I'm back ! Hmm ... your hair is pretty damaged , and you've got split ends 
Really ? What can I do 
Well , the trim should fix the split ends , but you might need a deep conditioning treatment 
Umm , OK . Whatever you think will help 
I'm also going to add some layers to frame your face 
Can you use the thinning shears on top , too ? My hair is really thick 
No problem 
Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy 
I don ’ t think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking 
Maybe so . But a law banning cigarettes will do no good 
No , you can ’ t suddenly make smoking illegal , but government could prohibit smoking in public places like movies and theatres 
Do you have cheongsams 
Yes.We have in stock a variety of styles and they are in different colors.What do you think of this one 
The styte is OK . Which country is this made in 
It's made in China . The quality is excellent 
Please wrap it 
May I help you , sir 
I'd like to buy a shirt 
What color do you want 
I prefer the blue one 
What size are you 
I'm not sure . Could you measure me , please 
No problem . I think 40 will be fine for you 
Can I try it on 
Of course . The fitting room is this way , please 
Good evening , sir 
Good evening . I'll have a Scotch 
Yes , sir . Straight or on the rocks 
On the rocks , please 
Room service.May I help you 
Yes , the food you have just sent here is cool.Would you please heat them up 
I am sorry for that.We will send someone to your room right now 
That's fine . Quickly please , we are so hungry 
Hi , Stephanie . I hear you have a new job 
Yes , I'm teaching math at Lincoln High School 
So how do you like it 
Well , the salary is a little low , but the students are nice . How are things with you 
Not bad . You know I'm an air traffic controller now 
Now that's an exciting job ! ! 
Yes , but it's very stressful 
May I see your ticket and passport , PLS 
Sure , here they are 
Any luggage 
Just this suitcase 
Your backpack is very big and today's flight is quite full . I am afraid that you will have to check your backpack too 
No problem . What about this carry-on 
You can take that with you 
Can I have an aisle seat , PLS 
No problem . I'll give you an aisle seat in the center row . And here is your ticket , passport and boarding pass . Please board the plane at Gate 15 
Thank you . And when is the latest time for me to board the plane 
15mins before the plane takes off . The plane is scheduled to leave on time 
Thank you very much 
You are welcome ! Have a nice flight 
Hello . miss . I am wondering if there is a meal served on this flight 
Well , it's a short distance flight , so we don't serve meals . But there are some drinks 
Well , I would like a glass of warm water 
He is so kind . I couldn ’ t believe he murdered his wife 
Of course not . I believe he ’ s innocent 
I don ’ t understand 
He nursed a viper in his bosom . His best friend Tony foamed him in . Tony first seduced his wife and then trapped him 
Where were decorating and I ’ m going to ask some things 
Well , I ’ ll be glad to help you out . We can deliver what you need to your office 
Shall we need at 1 fifteen this Thursday ? We definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit 
Fine , I ’ ll bring both our office furniture and equipment catalogs on Thursday 
I am calling to tell you that you are hired by our company 
I really appreciate your offer , but I have to decline it , because I have already taken another job which I prefer to work in 
You are welcome , Please call me if you change your mind 
I will . Thank you 
How long is the warranty 
We guarantee our product for two years 
How about the repairs after the warranty expire ? Are you responsible for the fixing if the machine breaks down after the warranty period 
Yes . All repairs are billed at cost . We'll only bill you for parts . The on-site service is $ 300 a year after the warranty 
Will you supply spare parts if we want them 
Certainly . We always have the interest of the customers at heart 
I can see by your resume here that you studied business administration 
That's right 
So I wonder why you want to work for a newspaper 
I did reporting for the university newspaper in my school.And I always be very interested in journalism 
But journalism , it is a very different profession from administration.You know a lot about administration.Why don't you choose to work for a company looking for managers 
I study the administration.Yes.But I'm more attracted to writing articles . I want to use my knowledge of business to write financial news 
A new reporter must expect to work many hours 
I know that starting reporters work many hours . I'm very willing to take on the challenge 
How long does it take to get to downtown from here 
It is 15 minutes ’ drive 
What companies do we have in our neighborhood 
Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations 
Does the 7th floor belong to our company too 
Yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building 
It ’ s such a large firm . Do we have our own staff restaurant 
Yes , at the end of the hall 
Tomorrow is my day off . I wonder if it's convenient to change our appointment from tomorrow to next Wednesday , still at the same time 
I'm afraid I won't be free next week 
It's a shame.Will this afternoon be all right ? But I can only spare you an hour and a half today , from four o'clock 
That's OK 
I'd like to send this to Chicago 
Air mail or surface mail 
Air mail , please 
Please put it on the Scale there . Seventy five cents 
Make it special delivery , please 
Oh , then it'll be one dollar twenty five cents . Thank you 
Excuse me , can you suggest a good book for me to read 
Yes , they are all on the shelf 
Do you have an English-Chinese dictionary 
Yes . Here you are 
I come to try my new suit . Here's the receipt 
Yes , please wait a minute . I'll fetch it for you . Here it is . Please try it on and take a look at the mirror . How do you like it 
Aren't the trousers a little too long 
If you think so , we'll shorten the legs a bit . It'll take about twenty minutes 
Very well . Thank you 
You're welcome , sir 
Excuse me . Could you tell me if the bus goes the national history museum 
No . It doesn ’ t . There ’ s no through bus to the national history museum Madam .
I see . Where do I have to change them 
You can transfer at Cuchan Men 
How far is it 
Well , it ’ s only three stops from here 
I see . Thanks a lot 
You ’ re welcome 
I don't know why people are just mad about David Peckham . Is there really anything so fascinating with him 
He appeals to the fans thanks to two things
you mean he plays well ? Yeah , he often scores by free kicks in crucial games . But a football match is by no means merely a show of taking free kicks 
Certainly not . What really counts is to play as a team , passing the ball amongst each other , dodging defenders . Free kicks are a result of all the teammates ' collective efforts . However , a few free k
In the case , maybe facial charm should be his leading card . After all , the majority of his fans are girls 
yes , his face looks are manly , with a straight nose and infinite eyes . As a man of medium height in the West , he keeps a powerful but elegant figure , looking neither lanky nor stout 
and he is English ! He makes a model gentleman when he puts on a black suit and speaks with a typical British accent 
Why aren't you at work 
I called in sick 
Which social problem do you think the government needs to concentrate on most 
I think housing is a big problem . There are thousands of homeless people on the streets 
How would you solve the problem 
I have a good idea to solve it . The government could provide some money for homeless people to build their own homes 
It would probably be very expensive 
I think the government can afford it . Besides , there are many advantages . Homeless people would find it easier to get jobs if they had an address . They would learn some useful skill for finding jobs i
It ’ s not a bad idea . I think education is the biggest problem at the moment . Schools don ’ t seem to have enough money to educate kids properly 
If we are to invest more money to education , we will need to raise taxes . That wouldn ’ t be popular with voters 
Most voters what everything both ways . They want the government to pay for lots of things , but without increasing taxes 
The government should show that it is using money efficiently . Sometimes you hear about how the government has wasted money on a project 
Yes . The government has limited funds and must show that it is using the money responsibly
Hi , waiting for the bus ? Where are you going 
China Hotel 
Why don't you take a taxi ? It'll get you there much faster 
Well , I think I'll take the bus this time just for a change 
Dad , I ’ d like to borrow some money 
Sure , Johnny , how much do you need ? five bucks 
Come on , Dad , I need thirty thousand . I wanna get into the market . You know , I ’ m tired of hearing all this news about the economic downturn , the inevitable recession , people stuffing their money in their mattresses . I look at this as an opportunity . This is a chance for me to get a jump start on building my nest egg 
I don ’ t know about that ; with all the uncertainty in the markets right now , it would be a very unwise decision to invest . I don ’ t know if you ’ re aware son , but there has been a lot of turmoil in the markets recently . There have already been half a million layoffs in the last few months , and we have no idea how the proposed stimulus package will impact the economy . There ’ s just too much instability . I wouldn ’ t feel comfortable investing in this climate 
But look at it this way , every challenge is an opportunity . And anyway , I ’ m not talking about investing in the domestic market . There are emerging markets that promise great returns . Look at China , for example , they have 1.4 billion people , half a billion of whom have recently entered the middle class . Here alone the aggregate demand for consumer goods represents an amazing wealth generating opportunity 
Come on , son , you ’ re looking at this too naively , the Chinese market has exhibited a great deal of instability , and their currency has been devalued by almost a whole percentage point 
Fine , then ! If that ’ s the way you feel , so be it . But you ’ re losing out on a great opportunity here . I ’ m going to go hit up Mum for the cash 
Why did the boss come down on Joe like a ton of bricks 
He spoke evil behind his back 
How did he know that he had bad mouthed him 
Someone told joe off 
He is then in a very difficult situation 
Sure . He ’ ll get the bag . I think 
Thank you for coming 
You ’ re welcome . What ’ s the problem 
I have a leaky pipe 
Where exactly is the pipe 
The pipe is behind a wall in my bathroom 
How long has the pipe been leaking 
It began leaking a couple of days ago 
I must tell you that in order to get to the pipe , I must tear down that wall 
I know 
That won ’ t be a problem 
Not as long as it gets fixed 
All right , I will start working now 
Good morning , Doctor 
Good morning , Miss Mandy . How are you today 
I am not feeling very well . I've got a bad cold 
Have you got a sore throat , too 
No , but I've got a headache 
Yes , I see . Go home to bed and take one of these pills every three hours 
Thank you very much 
Hi , Bob 
How did you do on your driving test 
Passed 
That's great and it was your first try 
Excuse me , can you tell me the way to Holton railway station 
Sure . It ’ s quite far from here . Don ’ t worry , though . It ’ s not difficult to get there 
I think I ’ m going in the wrong direction , aren ’ t 
Yes . First , you need to turn around . Do you remember passing some traffic lights further up this road 
Yes , I do . They are about two miles away , right 
That ’ s right . Drive back to the traffic rights and turn right . Follow the road for about a mile , until you see the plaza hotel . It ’ s a really big hotel . You can ’ t miss it . Turn left at the hotel 
So , right at the traffic lights two miles up the road , then left at the plaza hotel , a mile along that road . Got it 
Then you just go straight on until you see the station ahead of you 
Ok . Got it . Thanks for you help 
No problem 
It is really exciting news 
What news 
You don ’ t know ? The company is going to replace these old computers with the latest ones 
You know what we will get 
We will all get a docking station on our own desk from which you can remove your laptop easily . And if you come back to office , you just reconnect your laptop with docking station 
What docking station 
This is a kind of socket mounted to your desk . The socket has all the wire connections of the company line and all the other office automation equipments , like fax , copier , a screen , printer and scanner , and it will be very convenient 
Another big step forward in saving on our office equipment , I don ’ t need a desktop anymore . A laptop is enough 
Why not come over to work in my company 
I need to think it over 
Tell me what you need 
All right . I'm prepared to , if the pay is reasonable 
Is his father a worker 
No , he isn't . He's an engineer , the most famous one in our company 
No wonder his son is so clever 
May I help you , sir 
Yes , please . I'd like to buy a gift for my younger brother . He's going to take a trip to South America 
By air or by sea 
By air . So my gift should be quite light . What can you suggest 
How about this wallet ? It's made of fine leather 
My sister already gave him one . I like something unusual 
This gift is the best for a man who has everything 
Oh , a nice handkerchief . That's a great idea . I'll take it 
Hey Bob . Whatchy doing 
I'm at home painting 
I didn't know you paint . What type of painting is it 
I enjoy oil painting . I learned it in one of my extra classes in college 
That sounds so interesting . I wish I learned a hobby 
Hobbies are never too late to learn . They offer a variety of classes at the local community college . You should look into it 
I think I will . Thanks for the info 
Good afternoon , Mr Meng . It's a little late for you , isn't it 
Hello , Miao Ping . Yes , I've been stuck in back to back meetings all day , but I really wanted to come and speak to you 
What can I help you with 
I'm interested in putting some of my money into investment tools , you know , something other than stocks and such like . Do you have any ideas 
Mmmm ... yes , many investors don't seem to be into stocks at the moment . Too risky ! How about Open-Ended funds 
Yes , I've heard about that . Isn't it where many investors pool their money together 
Exactly . Then each individual has the chance to diversify their portfolio over many different areas , it doesn't have to be stocks . And , we provide a Professional Fund Manager , so you know your investment will be safe with us 
How can you help me to decide which areas to invest in 
Our Investment Financing Service will help you choose where to put your funds and look at both the pros and cons of each 
Is this the information here ? Well , let's take a look then ..
Guess what ! I know something you don't know 
What's that 
How many planets are there in the solar system 
That's easy . Everyone knows that there are nice 
Not anymore ! Can you believe it ? They've decided that Pluto is not a planet anymore 
Nice try . I wasn't born yesterday , you know 
I'm dead serious . They've decided that it's too small to be a planet , but actually they haven't yet agreed on how big something has to be in order to be a planet anymore 
That sounds crazy . They can't just change their mind about things like that 
Yes , they can . If you remember correctly , people used to believe that the world was flat 
I suppose you're right . They also used to think that they were so important that the sun revolved around them , not the other way around 
We actually know relatively little about space and the cosmos 
Do you think that we'll one day be able to travel to another planet for a vacation 
I suppose we could actually live on a planet outside of the milky way 
Do you think we'll ever get to meet an alien from outer space 
I hope not . I think they would be a threat to those of us that lived on Earth 
You're so old-fashioned . That's what people used to think about people from another country 
Point taken . Hopefully one day , we'll live in an interplanetary society 
Mom , I'm starving 
Here are some biscuits . Why are you back so early today 
My teacher had a sudden stomachache , so the class was cut shot . You 
Me what 
You are cooking at least two hours earlier than the usual 
It's not for us 
Then it's for Dad , isn't it ? It's so unfair 
Don't be a smarty-pants . It's for Grandma Wang 
What was that again 
It's for Grandma Wang . She is sick and her only daughter went abroad weeks ago . So she needs our help 
I'm sorry , I didn't know that . But I wanna help 
Umm , let me think for a moment . We can meet her together after I finish cooking 
I'll get knee to knee with her 
Good boy . I can only imagine how happy she will be to see you 
shall we dance 
sure . i suppose you dance much 
oh . no as a matter of fact , i haven't danced for a long time 
but i can see you dance wonderfully well 
thanks for flattering me 。 i think you dance much right 
no , just occasionally
oh , i like this music very much , let's tango 
i'm afraid i can't dance well 
Why are you quitting 
I've had enough 
Hello 
Mark , this is Lucy 
What's up 
I have a friend . He is my best friend and he wants to learn English . He would pay about 100 yuan per hour . Are you interested 
I don't know 
So I take it you are not interested 
No , Lucy . Don't get me wrong . I mean school will be open on Sept . 2nd , and I will have a very tight schedule by then 
Don't worry . My friend says he can always arrange his schedule around your schedule 
That will be fine . When can I see him 
Let's do it this way . I'll take him to your place this Saturday . Then you two can make a schedule 
Make sure you come here before noon . I will be picking up my friend at the airport in the afternoon 
How are you going to get there 
By bus , of course 
I am sure my friend can give you a ride 
Great . By the way , what does your friend do 
He is a lawyer 
Ok , see you then 
See you 
Good morning , I would like to make a doctor ’ s appointment 
Can you describe your health concern 
I have been having skin problems that aren ’ t going away 
Are you in pain 
No . Except for the rash , I feel fine 
Would Tuesday or Wednesday be best for you 
I would like to come in on Tuesday 
I will write you in for that day at 4
I would like to see Dr . Smith 
I will write you in on that doctor ’ s schedule . See you then 
How many days do you take off for Easter 
Usually we have a month off 
What will you do for this Easter 
I'll stay at home and have a complete rest 
What do you want to eat for breakfast 
All I usually have is some cereal for breakfast 
You know that breakfast is the most important meal of the day 
I sometimes run late in the morning , and can't make breakfast 
That's not a good excuse 
Tell me what you eat in the morning 
I just eat some oatmeal , toast , and orange juice 
That sounds like a great breakfast 
It's good , and it's easy to make 
That sounds like a very quick meal 
So , are you still going to have cereal 
I think I'm going to make myself some oatmeal and toast 
Why are you up so early , Mary 
I'm still suffering from a little jetlag 
What are you watching 
Saturday morning cartoons 
At least five channels have morning cartoons on Saturdays 
I think watching them is a great way to learn English 
I agree . And some cartoons are entertaining even for adults 
Yeah . Is Cindy up 
Are you kidding ? It's too early for her 
I have to move 
You have not fulfilled your lease agreement yet 
I can ’ t stay here anymore 
There ’ s a problem with that 
What is the problem 
I won ’ t be able to give you back your deposit 
Why not 
This was stated in our agreement 
But I need it back 
I can ’ t do that 
It will be impossible for me to stay here 
That ’ s not my fault 
Waitress 
Yes sir . How can I help you 
Please clean up the table 
OK . And anything else I can do for you 
I like a refill please 
Sure 
Good afternoon Miss , would you be interested in buying more life insurance ? You know , you can never get enough 
I think my husband has some 
Are you sure he ’ s purchased enough insurance for both of you ? If something terrible happened with your husband , and he doesn ’ t have sufficient insurance , my company does have a policy that could cover you and your husband if something happened to either of you 
That ’ s true . If something happened to my husband , I might lose everything . Both of us have to work to keep our home , car , and our children ’ s education . I can ’ t afford that by myself 
Could we sit and look at the policy I mentioned and see if that ’ s something suitable for you and your husband 
Certainly 
Do you have anything to declare 
I have a camera and three bottles of whisky 
OK . You'll have to pay duty for the whisky 
Well , where shall I pay the duty for the whisky 
Please wait a moment . I'll make out the duty memo . Here you are . Take this and pay the people over there 
I've paid the duty . Here is the receipt
Very well . I hope you'll enjoy your stay in China 
Thank you 
Are you free tonight 
I think so 
Tomorrow is Halloween , I know I'm ready . I bought two pumpkins and a big bags of candy . Do you want to help me a jack-o-lantern 
I'd love to . I heard about Halloween when I was in Beijing . It's kind of a children's day . Small kids get dressed up , then walk around with paper bags or baskets , knocking on the neighbor's
They are supposed to say trick or treat ? Then the neighbors are supposed to hand up the candy 
That's kind of cool . But what's the trick mean 
Usually it's the older kids going around playing Halloween , like punching the pumpkins left outside people's doors or - - someone's tree . They usually do it late at night after little kids go
That sounds kind of fun , maybe I can get tighter with my friends that night 
Usually be adults , you don't have kids have a big party in get dressed up too 
That does sound a lot of fun 
Are you ready for a second 
No , I'm afraid we'll have to cancel the order . I'm not sure whether it agrees with me 
Would you like anything else 
I'd prefer swordfish steak 
I'm sorry.It ' s out of season now 
Oysters , please 
David , how is your interview 
I was nervous at that time . What about you 
Just fine . I tried to answer every question raised by HR carefully . I found some answering skills are useful . These questions are different from exams 
We can have a rest now after this tough interview 
Don't be rush . It is suggested to write a letter for the Personnel Department of Future Clothes Company 
Sounds like a good idea . And I think this can leave deep impression to HR . How can we write a suitable letter 
Just to show your gratitude to the chance and tell them your impression on the company . And you can mention some details in your own interview to remind them of you 
I am getting to know your meaning 
Mister , I have an account now 
Now , how would you like this check cashed , madam 
Six tens will be fine 
Here you are 
Thanks . Er , mister , if I want to deposit checks next time . what should I do 
Just make out a deposit slip and come here during bank hours . That's from 9 a . m . to 3 p . m 
What can I do for you , madam 
I'd like to buy a toy car for my son 
How about this one 
It looks nice . How much is it 
They're three hundred dollars 
Oh , I'm afraid it's too expensive . Can you show me something cheaper 
OK , This one is one hundred and twenty . It's the cheapest here 
OK , I'll take it . Here's the money 
Thank you very much 
You don't look too well . What's going on 
I just lost my job . I'm just worried about how I'm going to pay the bills 
I'm sorry to hear that . Have you been looking for another job 
I just started , but the job market is very bad right now . I'm not optimistic about it 
That's tough . What does your wife think about this 
She's trying to be supportive , but I can tell she is very worried about our financial situation as well 
I have some friends who might be able to help you find a job . I'll see what they can do 
I really appreciate your help 
No problem . In the meantime , don't try to worry so much . You'll get through this 
Hi ! Someone has reported a fault on one of your copiers 
That's right . I'm glad you're here . It hasn't been working properly for the last few days 
When was it serviced 
Just a couple of weeks ago . It's usually very reliable 
What's actually wrong with it 
Well , it's making a strange noise when we try to change paper trays 
I'm sure it's nothing serious , probably just a minor fault . I'll have a look at it 
Hi , Monica , I got big news 
You got a raise 
Not really , just take a wild guess 
You got promoted 
Well , it is not going to happen so soon , I guess 
You won a lottery ? Don ’ t beat around the bush , just tell me , please 
Ok , I lost 5 pounds 
In order to extend our export business to your country , we wish to enter into direct business relations with you 
It's our pleasure 
Our hope is to establish mutual beneficial trading relations between us 
May I help you with something 
I would like to return these books 
What happened to this book 
I dropped it , and the cover tore off 
I ’ m going to have to charge you for the damage 
How much 
It ’ s only $ 5 
That ’ s not too bad 
I know it ’ s not 
Here ’ s the money for the book 
Thank you for your payment 
You are very welcome 
I see by your resume that you have just graduated from college . I assume you haven't had any working experience . Is that right 
That's right . I've only had some part-time jobs working in department stores 
Well , experience is not important in this job . We are looking for a man we can train to be a teller . By the way , do you like to work with figures 
Yes , I liked math in school 
We are more interested in finding someone who is alert and quick at figures . Do you like meeting the public 
Yes , I enjoy working with people 
We have very pleasant working conditions and I think we have a fine staff to work with . You would be assigned an experienced employee to help you . He would be responsible for training you . Have you studied English conversation 
Yes , I had an American tutor for two years . I had two lessons under her every week . Would I be using English every day is this job 
Yes , many of our customers are Americans , so you would be speaking English with most of them . Do you know anything about various kinds of savings and checking accounts 
No , I'm afraid I don't . I'd be glad to learn 
That's good answer . I appreciate your being frank 
I'll be seeing you around 
OK.Take care 
May I try this on 
Sure . The color is perfect for you 
What material is it made of 
It's made of cotton 
That's good.Cotton is soft and flexible 
Hello , is there anything I can do for you 
Yes , I want to a room for tomorrow 
Single or double 
A single one with a private bath 
Would you like to have your room on the top floor 
It doesn't matter 
Isn't it wonderful walking here 
What do you mean 
I mean look at all these magnificent buildings around us 
Yes , look over there . That's the Empire State Building . My book says it's 102 stories tall 
It's quite famous but don't you think it looks a bit old-fashioned 
You're right , but when it was built in 1930 it was a marvel of technology and engineering 
What other important buildings are we going to see on Fifth Avenue 
Quite a number . Actually every skyscraper has a history . A few blocks ahead we'll see St.Patrick ' s Cathedral and just across the street will be the world-renowed Rockefeller Center . It's a landmark in the history of architecture 
What's there after that 
Well then , there's a Central Park . Facing the park on Fifth Avenue is probably some of the most expensive properties in the world 
What are they all for 
Most of them are office buildings , huge department stores , and hotels but some are just private homes . New York is one of the financial centers of the world . And there are lots of very expensive places 
What can I help you with 
May I ask you something 
What's your question 
How many hours behind the wheel do I need 
What do you need to take it for 
I'm trying to get my license 
You need six hours 
Can I do all six hours in one day 
You have to do it in three days 
That's all I have to do 
That's everything 
Well , that's a relief 
How did you enjoy your family party at “ ginger ’ s ” ? I hear that they have a lovely menu and buffet 
Oh , it was great . We had seafood buffet . They do one every Friday . The waiters and waitresses are very good . They are very attentive , but don ’ t hang around the table 
I like the buffets they have , but if often order a la carte , because I don ’ t feel extremely hungry . I like the wine list there too 
Yes , so do I . they have wines from all over the world . There is a good range of prices to suit every pocket . We ordered some Australian red wine , which tasted delicious and wasn ’ t expensive 
Some restaurants allow you to take your own wine and just charge you corkage , but the don ’ t do that at “ ginger ’ s ” . what was included in the seafood buffet 
They had almost every kind of seafood . There were oyster , shrimp , prawns , crabs , and fish . I ate a lot of smoked salmon 
Did they have lobster 
No , they didn ’ t . you could order it from the menu . I think that lobster is too expensive to be included in the buffet 
Yes , it probably is . I don ’ t like ordering oysters in restaurants . You never know whether they are fresh 
I know . I didn ’ t eat any , but a few people in our group did and no one got sick 
When you eat out , do you usually eat from the buffet 
Not usually . I usually just order a main course and have a dessert if I ’ m still hungry afterwards 
Oh , you don ’ t usually have a starter 
No , I might have a soup if it ’ s a cold winter day 
Hello ! Can I help you 
Well , I am looking for some winter clothes for my fiancee 
Oh , it's the high time for you purchasing in our clothes shop . We are now having a preseason sale on all our winter apparel 
Really ? What's that 
Every thing for winter is 20 % off 
I think my fiancee may favor the sweater in the shop window . Would you like to help me look for any skirts that go with this sweater 
Sure , we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater . Look at this section 
I especially like this flowery skirts . My fiancee will look very elegant in this 
You have a good taste . It's very much in style this year 
I don't think the green one fits her complexion . Do you have any skirts in light color or tan 
Look on the rack to the right 
Oh , yes . I'll take this one . Can I pay by traveler ’ s check 
It's ok 
Hello , are you Muriel Douglas 
Yes , and you must be James . It's nice to meet you at long last 
Yes , you too . Thanks for agreeing to meet with us about the new account . My associate , Susan Kim , should be here any minute . Would you like something to drink while we're waiting 
No , thanks . I'm fine . Did you have a nice holiday 
Yes , I did . My family and I went to Tahoe to ski and the weather was great . How about you 
I stayed in L . A . and it was sunny the entire weekend . We spent most of the time at home but we did go see King Kong on Christmas day 
How did you like it 
It was better than I expected . But , you know , I think I would have enjoyed skiing in Tahoe even better . Do you go there often 
No , not much . My wife doesn't like to ski . She prefers vacationing where it's warmer , like Hawaii 
I don't blame her . I really enjoyed it there when we went a few years ago . I'd like to go back sometime soon 
Yes , me too . Oh , here's Susan now . Let me introduce you 
I like hitchhiking.will you go with me 
Oh , no . I don't think I'm in that good form 
It's a pity.Say , how about a place near enough 
To where exactly 
New England 
That's still too far for me 
Excuse me , Professor . I think there might be an error in my test score 
Sure . Do you think that the total is wrong or that you got something marked wrong that should have been marked right 
I think that the percentage is incorrect 
Let's just go over all of it to double-check 
Sure , let's do it 
Here is the answer sheet . Do you see a place where I marked something wrong that should have been right 
I don't see any mistakes 
OK , now that we've gotten those straightened out , let's total the score 
Yes , let's total it 
Well , if I total that like this and divide by this number , I get this total . Do you agree 
Yes , you're right 
Well then , we are all straight . Have a good day and thanks for bringing that to my attention 
May I help you 
Can you recommend some popular tour 
How long is your journey 
Two weeks and I would like to go abroad 
The popular tour of the season is a 14 - days ' sightseeing to Venice . Are you interested in that city 
Yes , of course . I will book the tour 
I'd have a look at some pots and pans 
We've got several kinds . All are made of different materials 
What kind is most durable , please 
Well , here is one made of duralumin . That's cheap and durable . Over there we've also got some made of stainless steel , and those over there are enamel ones 
I'll have the stainless ones . They look very solid 
Yes , sir . Stainless steel products are always popular 
Excuse me sir . May I come in 
Mike , you're late again 
I'm sorry , but my sister was ill , so I
Do you think I believe the story like that 
But it's true 
How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week 
That's coincident 
Ok , hold it . Remember to be punctual next time 
I promise I will 
You'd better 
How were things in the Tokyo branch when you were there 
Good ! They have expanded and are doing better than they were last quarter . It's nice to see some improvement for a change 
Do you see the trend continuing over the next few months 
Yes , especially with so many of our executives going back and forth from here to Japan . The only problem is , they may have trouble when they go to open up business here 
Why would you say that 
They aren't too familiar with doing business outside of Japan . There are a lot of cultural differences to account for 
I'll say ! Sometimes they just do things really differently . But one thing I can say , they are really hospitable 
Have you ever been to Japan 
Sure ! I just got back yesterday . I'm still suffering from jet lag 
Tell me something about your Valentine's Day 
Ok , on that day , boys usually give roses to the sweet hearts and girls give them chocolate to return 
So romantic . Young people must have lot of fun 
Yeah , that is the holiday is hot , isn't it 
Good morning , sir ! Can I help you 
Good morning ! I'd like to buy twelve tickets to Beijing for October 14th 
Yes , sir . We have many trains going to Beijing , fast train , through train , express train and tourist train . Which train do you prefer 
Well , the express one , with air-conditioning 
Then you'll have two choices . Train No . 14 leaves at 6:00 p . m , and train No . 22 leaves at 8: 00 p . m 
When do they arrive in Beijing 
They will arrive the next morning , at 8: 00 a . m . and 10:00 a m . respectively 
In that case I think Train No . 14 will be better . We can do more sightseeing in Beijing 
Right . Trains No . 13 and No . 14 are the best trains on the line between Beijing and Shanghai . Which seats do you prefer , cushioned seats , ordinary seats , cushioned berth , or ordinary berth 
In a cushioned sleeper , please 
Hello , Barneys Garage 
Hello . Mr . Higgins , please 
He just stepped out . Can I take a message 
Oh yes , this is Penny's Pet Boutique . Please remind him that his appointment for his dog's shampoo and cut is on Saturday morning at 11 am 
I'll make sure he receives the message 
That's fine 
Thanks for calling 
Over here is our gym . We have all the latest equipment 
But I haven't used exercising equipment before . Can you tell us some more details 
Certainly . We have here the race apparatus , stationary bike , muscle builder set , chest expander , bar bell , dumb bell and so on 
Working in the gym is a very good way for losing weight . What else do you have 
Here's the swimming pool . It's open from 10 a . m . to 11 p . m . There are also massage rooms here 
That's wonderful ! I like swimming 
Do you have any particular conditions that you would like our company to take into consideration 
No , nothing in particular 
All right . If we decide to hire you , we'd pay you two thousand and five hundred yuan a month at the start . You can have Saturdays and Sundays off . Besides , you may have a paid month holiday every year . How do you think about it 
As regards salary , I leave it to you to decide after experience of capacity 
Well , we'll give you our decision in a couple of days . It's a pleasure to talk to you , Mr . Liu 
Thank you , Mr . White . I really appreciate your assistance 
Hello , Kevin 
Oh , hi , Lee . You look great 
Thanks . You too 
What price do you suggest for 300,000 sets of Article No . 2323 with London as the destination port 
Let me see . It's £ 800 per set CIF London 
What commission terms can you offer 
Usually the commission is three percent of the net invoice amount after deduction of discounts 
Couldn't you raise the commission to five percent 
Considering our good relationship and our future business , we give you four percent . That's the best we can do . We can't go any further . What would you say to it 
Then I'll accept it with thanks 
I've been accepted by the university , and they've offered me a position on the basketball team 
That's wonderful ! Icing on the cake 
Mom , what are we going to make tonight 
Curry and rice . What do you think 
That sounds nice . I can peel the potatoes first 
Really ! Oh , honey , you are so sweet . I'll chop up this carrot 
Mom , the water is boiling 
Honey , just turn down the stove 
Welcome to IBA . Can I help you 
Yes , please . I'm here for an International Settlement . Our company has to effect payment , and it needs to be done today . Here's the advice slip for the payment 
Thanks . I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped . There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you 
I see . So , I need to stamp it . And sign it too 
Yes , that's right . Down here , at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount 
I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later . Thanks , bye for now 
Diana's Flowers , Diana Lin's office , may I help you 
Is Diana in 
No , she's out for lunch . May I take a message 
Yes , please ask her to call John Smith 
Ok , I'll make sure she gets the message 
Can you help me find a pan 
Are you looking for a small , medium , or large pan 
I want a big pan 
Does this one look big enough 
Yes , it's the right size , but it weighs too much 
Well , what do you think of the aluminum pan 
It's light enough , but the handle will get too hot after cooking 
Here's the same pan , but it has a space-age , heat-resistant plastic handle 
Oh , my family's going to love this one . I'll take it 
I'm so happy that you found what you wanted . Do you want to use a credit card 
Sure . Wait , wait . Does a lid come with this pan 
Oh , I'm sorry . Here's the lid . Yes , it comes with the pan 
Hey , Mike . Can I ask you something 
Sure , what's up 
I'm going to gamble on the world cup tonight . Who do you think will win 
Good question . I have to think about it 
My husband is betting on France 
France ? Is he crazy 
What do you mean 
Well , how can I put this ? France is a terrible team 
Is there anything I can do for you 
I want to have a two-day trip around the city 
Would you please have a look at the table ? I think this one fits you 
It's interesting . I think I will take the bus tour . By the way , what about the lodging 
We will lodge at the indigenes ' houses . It's interesting 
Do you know about All Fools ' Day 
On that day , people play all kinds of tricks on others , and the one easily taken in is called April fool 
April fool 
April the first is coming.Be careful 
You should have seen the line at the housing office.It took me an hour to make my dormitory deposit for next year . Have you made yours yet 
No , I ’ m not sure I ’ m going to 
Why not ? There ’ s not much time left . Are you short of cash 
No , thanks . I am okay 
You ’ d better hurry up if you wanna a dorm room next September ..
Well , actually , I am thinking about living off campus 
Do you have any idea how much that would cost 
I know it would be more expensive . I think I could handle it though . It ’ s that this dorm is so noisy that I can ’ t get anything done 
You should study in the library the way I do . Think of the money you ’ d save 
I ’ Ve got to think it over some more 
I hope you will have second thoughts 
Can we choose a time to look at houses together 
Can you do that in the mornings , or would the afternoons be best 
Either way is good for me 
There are a number of open houses this weekend in your area . Would that okay with you 
I can take a little time off of work , or I can go on a weekend , also 
We could meet at the real estate office , or I could pick you up at your home 
I am leaving from work , so maybe I could just meet you at the first house that we will look at 
I can think of five houses that we should look at . It will take most of the day 
I would like to see as many as possible 
When I have confirmed the times with the owners , I will e-mail you our plans for the day 
Diana , do you like the perfume I gave you 
It ’ s good . But to tell you the truth , I don ’ t wear perfume 
I ’ m sorry . I didn ’ t know that 
That ’ s all right . Thank you all the same 
I don't know what to do , if I can't find the money 
Don't worry yourself too much 
It's a large sum of money . I can't afford to lose it 
Hello , Steven . Congratulations 
Thank you 
How's your married life 
We're happy together now . We both think that we're a well-matched couple 
That's very good . It's said that marriage is the Ab of love . But the words may not be right 
The situation differs in person 
Sandy . Do you have a minute 
Yes , John . I ’ m on my break . What ’ s going on 
Not much . I just wanted to see how you were . How ’ s married life treating you 
Great , except for my mother-in-law ! Sometimes I think I married her instead of my husband ! How about you 
Hello , sir , what can I do for you today 
Hello , I need a new suit . I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp 
No problem ! We have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that it will fit perfectly 
Great ! I want a three piece suit , preferably made from Italian cashmere or wool 
Very well sir . Would you like to have some shirts made also 
Sure . I ’ ll also take some silver cuff link and a pair of silk ties 
Very good . Now , if you will accompany me , we can take your measurements and choose the patterns for your suit and shirts 
Hi , Mike . We're having a party tonight , wanna come join us ? You can bring your girlfriend 
Well . I am breaking up with Cathy 
What happened ? Did you have a fight 
No . She is really a very nice girl ..
Yeah , she is . She is pretty , caring , getting easy-going and she is a great cook . She is a gem 
Well , you are right . But sometimes she is too caring . Well , no ... she ’ s just possessive and I kind of want a break ... you know ... for some room for myself 
Oh ? ! Did you talk with her about it 
I've tried , but it didn't work 
So , when are you going to tell her 
Maybe tonight . I don't know . I don't know how to tell her 
I know she ’ s head over heels in love with you . She will be badly hurt 
I know ..
Are you still at that work 
Yes , I'm still working there . But I really find my job boring . I'd like to change my job 
What sort of job do you have in mind 
I think I'm quite fit for a driver 
But it's very tired 
I don't care 
What's your parents ' opinion 
I haven't told them . Maybe I'll make them know after the vacation 
Can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet 
You just need to send an application 
Do I have to send one by e-mail 
Yes . You are expected to know the e-mail address of the company 
Now that you'recommending such enormous fees , producers , directors , movie-makers must see you in a completely different light 
Yeah 
Then the standard that you set yourself originally must have changed 
Well , if that's the case , I don't mind breaking the image that they might have or the standards that they have . I can only do what I know , and live how I've lived all my life , because I'm a fairly stubborn person 
It seems to me that now you're famous . You've got to go out and be seen at the right places and go to the right parties 
I don't go to parties . The parties I go to are the barbecues I have in my house . Being seen in the right places is something that I don't believe in . I don't believe in going to events just for the sake I of being seen 
Then fans don't see you much in public places 
Yes . I have a very low-key life ; I have a great life . I love what I do and I love how I spend my time , which isn't in a public place 
A lot of people compare you to Julia Roberts . I wondered if there was anyone that you compare yourself to in Hollywood , that you've watched and thought , ' Well , they've got something I could use a little bit or could learn a little bit about . 
I've never had one person that I'd idolized . The comparisons to Jul-ia Roberts are incredibly flattering . I don't really know who I would compare myself to . I'd like to be a combination of a lot of people . A little bit of everything , really . I haven't quite figured out where my strengths are yet , and I've definitely found my weaknesses 
Could I see the manager please ? I have a complaint to make 
Yes , I ’ m the manager here . What can I do for you , Madam 
Did you have the room checked before we move in 
Which room are you in 
1808 . The toilet doesn ’ t work properly , the water doesn ’ t run in the shower 
I ’ m awfully sorry to hear that . I ’ ll turn to it right away 
Mr . : For tomorrow , read pages 12 to 20 . Then do exercises one through ten on page 21 
Do we have to type out our homework 
Mr . : No . You only do that when you write reports 
Is there anything else 
Mr . : For those of you who don't have a calculator , get one 
We are allowed to use a calculator in class 
Mr . : Yes . By the way , review today's notes this evening . We may have a small quiz tomorrow 
How was your first date , David ? Are you satisfied with Jane 
It was all right . She , tall and attractive , has stable job and source of income 
Yes , so I think she is suitable for you 
But , well ... what I want to say is ..
Stop acting like this . Say away 
Her standard for selecting life partner is a little higher . I can not accept that 
What did she say 
She said she want a man with large house , luxurious car and healthy parents 
Give her up 
Isn't it past your bedtime already 
I am not sleepy 
It's getting late , and you have to wake up early tomorrow 
There is no way that I can fall asleep right now 
Try listening to some soft music 
It won't work . I'm nowhere close to being tired 
I really don't care , just go to sleep 
What if I stay up and do something , until I get tired 
You'll be up all night if I let you do that 
I'm going to get to sleep eventually 
You need to go to sleep now , so go to sleep 
Good night 
Oh ! I just want to drop in on him for a chat 
Please come in , Mr.Jackson 
No , thank you.Please tell him to phone me when he comes back 
Did you ever get a parking ticket 
Only a few 
What's a few 
I've gotten six , I think 
Did you pay your fines 
Of course I have 
How much are the parking tickets 
I think they're $ 130 
That's expensive 
I just got a parking ticket 
You should probably pay the fine soon 
I'm going to pay it today 
You've met her before , haven't you 
I don't recall 
Welcome . Can I help you 
Do you have any postcards 
Yes , here are what we have exclusively for our guests 
Can I have one each 
Sure . Take as much as you want . They are free gifts from this shop 
Is there anywhere I can buy some more cards with beautiful scenery 
Please try the shop there . They might have them 
Are their cards free , too 
No , their cards are for sale 
Hello , Mr . Black , I'm calling to say goodbye 
You're leaving so soon ? I wish you stayed a little longer 
I wish I could stay a little longer , but a lot of things to do back home 
Have you got the ticket 
Yes , I did 
What time are you going 
At 11:00 o'clock 
I'll pick you up by nine o'clock and take you straight to the airport 
No , I'll go by myself , thanks 
OK , goodbye 
I ’ d like to apply for a secretarial position 
Very well , do you know any shorthand 
No , but I can write very fast 
Can you use the computer or other office machines 
No , but I ’ d like to learn how to use them 
Yes , I see , this is a permanent position 
Can you work every day from 9 to 5 
Oh , no , I ’ m student at a university , and I have to study most of the time . I can only work part time 
I couldn ’ t possibly hire you . You can ’ t take shorthand , you can ’ t use a computer , and you can only work part time 
Amy , you don't look so well . What happened 
Yes . I feel terrible . I have been coughing for the whole morning 
Do you feel anything else 
Yes . I feel chilly and sluggish 
Have you had similar feelings before 
No . This is my first Ae abroad . I am not sure what is wrong with me 
Don't worry . I believe you are just not agreeing with the local climate . I will get you some medicine . You will be alright after a good rest 
Thank you very much 
Can you imagine a boat letting in the river 
That would be terrible 
Sure thing . I have an experience like that 
Oh , how were you saved finally 
I was in such a panic at that time . Fortunately another boat came along and I was saved from drowning 
Hey , buddy . Are the fish biting today 
They sure are . They are practically jumping in the boat 
Is that so ? Well , what kind of bait are you using 
We're catching most of our fish with lures 
Lures ? We're using live bait over here 
What kind of live bait are you using ? Worms or minnows 
We're using worms 
Are you having any luck with the worms 
No , we haven't even gotten a nibble today 
That's too bad . Why don't you try using lures instead 
I would , but I don't have any in my tackle box 
That's too bad . Well , where are you fishing 
I'm just fishing from the shore . How about you 
We went out in our boat . I have a favorite fishing hole out there 
Sweet.Can you tell me where it is 
Oh no , I can't tell you . It's a secret . Say , why don't you go over by the lily pads and try fishing there 
Do you think that's a good spot 
Sure , I used to catch my legal limit of bass there all the time 
Thanks . I think I'll go check that out now 
Good luck . I hope you each some fish 
Mary has really gotten under my skin 
I know what love it . When I was young , I felt the same way 
I think I ’ m crazy about her 
You are , why not ask for a date 
that was a great party . Thanks for saying behind to help me clear up 
it certainly was a great party . It ’ s a pity that a glass and a plate got broken and someone spilled a drink over here 
I expected that something might get broken . That doesn ’ t bother me . That spilled drink won ’ t leave a stain , will it 
I doubt it , I ‘ ll deal with it right away . Luckily it wasn ’ t a glass of red wine , I ’ ll just get a bowl of water and a cloth 
I ’ m going to put all the rubbish into this big plastic bag 
afterwards , we can do the washing up together . Everything will be finished within an hour . Your friend Keith is really funny . I liked his magic tricks 
yes , he ’ s very good .. isn ’ t he ? He told some funny stories too 
Amanda told some very funny jokes . At the beginning of the party , she was being ver serious 
I think that she had a litter too much of the punch 
what did you put in that punch ? It tasted great , but was quite strong 
that ’ s my little secret . Did you like the snacks and I prepared 
very much . The birthday cake was delicious , wasn ’ t it ? Emily told me that she and karen made it themselves 
that cake tasted so good ! It disappeared within minutes , so I think everyone liked it a lot . How ’ s that stain 
all cleaned up . Are you ready to start on the washing up 
Ok . Let ’ s look at our short presentation on China . What do we need to include 
We need to talk about the size of the country and its population 
Ok . China is about the same size as Canada and the united states and it has a population of about 1.3 billion , making it the latest country in the world by population 
It says here that most of the people are han Chinese , but there are 55 minorities that make up almost 10 % of the population 
We need to say something about the geography and climate of china . Is there any way to divide the country into sections 
We could divide into five parts . There ’ s the northeast , which is mild in summer and very cold in winter . Then there is the northwest , which is largely desert . Tillet is famous for its mountainous climate . The rest of the country can be roughly divided into two parts . One is temperate-mild in winter and warm in summer . Then , in the south it is hot most of the year 
That sounds very general 
It is , buy remember that we only have a few minutes to make our presentation . We can select cities from each part and give data for each one 
One from each part ? Lhasa , Urumqi , Harbin , shanghai , and hongkong . The capital city is Beijing , right 
Yes . The other large cities are Chengdu , Dalian , Wuhan , tianjin , shenyang , Chongqing . Hongkong and Guangzhou 
We should take a large map and highlight those cities . What is each of them famous for 
Good morning ! What's wrong with you 
I have a bad headache 
How long have you been like this 
For two days 
Do you have a fever 
I ’ m afraid so . Sometimes I feel hot and sometimes I feel cold 
Let me take your temperature first 
What degree have you received 
I received a bachelor's degree 
When and where did you obtain your degree 
I received my bachelor's degree from Peking University in 2004 
Hey ! That food was terrific . I can't eat another bite . Are you sure you don't want another dish 
No , I'm full . My stomach isn't growling at me any more 
I know what you mean . I'm so full that I can burst . Shall we go then 
I'm all set . Thank you for the dinner , Jack 
You are welcome 
I really think all Americans look alike 
You ’ re crazy ! You haven ’ t been here long enough 
But they do 
What makes you say that 
They wear the same clothes , they ’ re all blond , they all drive cars , they all own Parker fountain pens ; they all drink Coca Cola , and they all chew gum 
I disagree with you . They don ’ t all wear the same clothes ; they ’ re definitely not all blond ; they don ’ t all own Parker fountain pens ; they don ’ t all drink Coca Cola , and they don ’ t all chew gum . I do think they all drive cars though ! But that doesn ’ t have anything to do with how they look 
Maybe I am just homesick . I know you ’ re right . I just miss China , that ’ s all 
May i help you 
I hope so , do you have a shopping skirts ? something i could wear working in a ban 
Sure , here you are 
It is nice , may i try it on 
Yes , the fitting room is over there , it looks fantastic on you , this style color in sizes natural here and figure , perfectly 
Does this fashion really fit my figure 
I think so , but the true thing is you look sharp in any style 
Oh , thank you , just shows you what is going to max jemmy redate for all this body 
Absolutely , i go to there to work three times a week , bend it for 6 month now 
I thought you recognize she from there 
Oh , you like the rolling machine 
Yes , it is really good for my arms and shoulders , ok , i will take this one , do you have a blue in this size style ? i want one for my sister , she has a great figure and she loves blue 
No problem , is this blue ok 
Oh , good , do you have a discount for two 
Yes , we do , there is a 90 percent for two 
That is great , i will take this two , how much is that 
The total is 90 dollars including tax 
Ok , 90 dollars , do you accept this card 
Yes , we do , debit or credit 
Debit card 
Please keen your key number here , do you want to any extra cash back 
No , thanks 
Have a good day 
Thanks , you too , how see your maxes sometime 
Great , take care 
Thanks , byebye 
You ’ re free to go 
That ’ s great 
What are your plans now that you ’ re getting out 
I want to go back to school 
What is your major going to be 
I haven ’ t decided yet 
I hope I don ’ t ever see you back in here 
I ’ m never coming back 
This really isn ’ t the place for you 
I realize that 
Good luck out there 
Thanks . Things are going to be different now 
I'm not sure about how to operate the washer and dryer 
What's the problem 
I need help turning them on 
You need change 
The machines take change 
Yes . It costs fifty cents for the washer and a dollar for the dryer 
Where do i put the money in 
You put the coins into the slot , push it in , and it will turn on 
That's it 
There's nothing else to it 
Thank you very much 
You're welcome . Let me know if you need anything else 
Do you watch a lot of TV 
Not really . I could take it or leave it 
Not me . I have to have my TV and watch whatever comes on 
How can you do that 
How may I help you , miss 
I want to change my hairstyle . What would you suggest 
Would you like to have a perm 
Do you think it will suit me 
Oh , absolutely 
Ok , I'll have it for a change 
Good morning . Craftsman Company . Can I help you 
Uh ... yeah . Hi ! Is Susie there 
You must have dialed the wrong number 
Oh . I'm sorry . But is this 321-9987 
Sorry . This is 321-9887 
I am really sorry 
It's ok 
Did you get a chance to speak with the sellers about my counter-offer 
Yes , and I think I have good news for you 
Did they accept the counter-offer 
Yes , they accepted your counter-offer , but they want you to pay for the home inspection 
How much will that cost 
It will cost you around five hundred to one thousand dollars for a home inspection 
Can I choose the home inspector 
Yes , you are paying for it , so you get to choose . I would pick the best one 
So , when are you going to inform the owners of my acceptance 
I will call the owners right now . They will be happy to hear the good news 
Who do you think will win the championship 
I really can't say . Both teams this year seem really good 
There's a game on tonight . You want to watch it with me 
That sounds great 
good afternoon . “ ginger ’ s restaurant ” . May I help you 
yes . I ’ d like to book a table for Friday evening please 
certainly . For how many people 
we ’ ll be eight or nine people . Could we book a private room 
I ’ ll just check . At what time on Friday evening 
about 7:30 
yes . That ’ s fine . We can book you a private room for up to ten people at that time.Could you give me your name please 
my name is Jenkins . My phone number is 7539738 2 . that ’ s confirmed then . 7:30 on Friday 
yes . Do you intend to order a la carte or will you be having our seafood buffet 
oh , we ’ d like the buffet please . We ’ Ve heard it ’ s very good 
Did you watch the Premiership last night 
Yes , I watched United play Chelsea . What a fierce battle ! allay were engaged in intensive pressing and tackling in midfield . Well , it was not like a normal English League match 
No , it wasn't . Rather , it looked like a Bundesliga match , where physical contact is so frequent . English League teams are apt to pass the midfield quickly with long passes . It seems to me English soccer players are very gentlemanly . As Diego Maradona spoke teasingly , they often knew only chasing hard after the ball , but forgot to steal it 
Haha . That's probably why slide tackle and fouls are less common , and offsides more frequent in English League matches than those on the Continent . And the ball is often kept flying overhead , drawing beautiful curves in the sky . Such games are quite pleasing to the eye 
Which team do you back then 
I'm a firm United supporter . I like their playing style . The Reds always have several excellent wing-backs , Like Riggs , Peckham and Gary Neville . They often make wonderful crosses when they assist in attacking 
But the Reds keep a weak midfield . I think Juventas of Italian Series A have always maintained a very formidable midfield . It is the main source of its strength 
I ’ m so frustrated 
what ’ s wrong , Jim 
I called the electronics shop to find out what time they close , and it took me twenty minutes to get what I wanted 
Twenty minutes just to find out what their business hours are 
yes.They have some sort of digital receptionist.So when I called in , a machine told me to push a button for the department I wanted to be transferred to 
Oh , I hate getting voicemail instead of a person.What did you do 
I just kept pushing buttons . I was transferred to customer service , but there a machine told me to choose between technical help , warranty information , or price information 
Couldn ’ d you choose to be transferred to a real person 
Eventually I did get to a real person . I found out the closing time , but by then the store had already closed 
Mary , please go to the door . I hear the bell 
It's the mailman , Mother . Here's a letter from Uncle George 
Give it to me ... How wonderful ! He's coming to visit us 
When's he coming 
He's coming by car on the twenty-fourth . He's staying from thetwenty-fourth to the twenty-sixth 
Let me look at the calendar . Good ! The twenty-fourth is a Saturday . Is he coming alone 
No , he's coming with Aunt Cynthia and the girls 
Mother , I don't remember the girls . How old are they 
Your cousin Fay is fifteen . Rosemary is older than Fay . She's seventeen 
Are they going to stay here with us 
Of course . The girls can stay in your room with you 
Mother , may we have a party 
If you like , but now we have to think about meals and many other things 
Prepare the list , Mother . I can go shopping . I can go to the small stores.Everyone knows me there 
Mary , it was wrong of you to be so late . Mother ’ s very worried 
I ’ m so sorry I ’ m late . But Henry ’ s car broke down 
I don ’ t really like Henry . I like my Rose 
I don ’ t like your Rose . And I do love Henry . And I ’ m going to marry him 
But my Rose is great 
Your Rose is a fool 
Really , Mary , you ’ re horrible 
Why don ’ t you marry Rose , then 
Do you like cooking 
I love it . I really enjoy creating a meal from various ingredients and watching my friends enjoy it.It gives me a real sense of satisfaction.Do you enjoy cooking 
I don ’ t like it.It takes up too much time and I really hate having it clean up after the meal . I can ’ t stand doing the washing up , drying up and putting all the dishes and cutlery away 
You can ask the guests for help . My guests usually insist on doing the washing up . I just have to remind them where everything goes 
So what kinds of dishes do you usually make ? I know you like Italian food 
Italian , Indian and chinese . I ’ Ve only recently started cooking chinese meals and I need some more practice 
Do you find it hard to get ingredients for Chinese food 
Not at all.You can find most of them in supermarkets.The ingredients are usually the same as in Western food.The way that the food is prepared is the big difference , not the ingredients 
How long does it take you to cook a meal for 5 or 6 people 
Obviously , it depends on what I ’ m cooking.But I ’ d say it generally takes about one and a half hours 
Welcome to IBA Bank , how can we be of service 
I spoke to a girl named Claire on the phone ; it's about losing my card and everything 
What I need you to do first is fill in these forms , with as much detail as possible . Then we can get you a new card 
So , I can get my new card today 
I'm sorry , Sir , the full procedure can take up to 7 days to process everything 
7 days ! What am I supposed to do for money until then 
If you bring some ID with you , it's possible for you to make a withdrawal over the counter if you need to . But unfortunately , without your new card you cannot use the ATM , so all withdrawals must be made within working hours 
Hi Mary , how's it going 
Well , last night I had a big argument with Ann 
Terrible . It must be something serious . You two are such close friends 
Now that I look back at it , it wasn't that big a deal . I shouldn't have lost my temper 
Really ? What happened 
It's just we've been planning to go the beach for a while , and we decided we could both make it this weekend . Then out of nowhere she called me up , said her boyfriend had made plans and that she need to cancel the trip . I was so angry when she told me that I said she didn't care about our friendship at all 
That's pretty harsh 
I know , but I was so upset . I mean , come on ! Does she have to do everything her boyfriend says 
You know she probably feels just as bad 
Well , I think I was being a little selfish myself . I know they don't get to see each other very often 
Well , in that case I guess maybe you can be more understanding . You shouldn't let a trivial thing like this stand in the way of your friendship . After all you can go to the beach anytime you want 
Yeah , I'll call later to patch things up 
Do you get the news that our company is trying to find out new tactics to test us 
I know something about it . Our company often organizes all kinds of lectures to improve our professional skills 
It takes most of our weekends to listen to these boring lectures , so I can not bear it anymore . It is said that they think out some tests to check our management skills 
Is that true 
Definitely 
If that information is exact , I guess our company is willing to promote someone 
They are professors and government officials 
Where are they from 
Most of them are from America and Europe 
What are they doing in Beijing 
They are attending an international conference here 
Which hotel are they staying at 
They are staying at the Hilton Hotel 
Did you go to the basketball game on Friday 
No , I couldn't make it 
You missed a really good game 
Oh , really ? Who won 
Our school did . They played really well 
Too bad I was busy . I really wanted to go 
Yeah , you should have . It was really exciting 
So what was the score 
The score was 101-98 
Man , that was a really close game 
That's what made it so great 
I'll make sure and make it to the next one 
Mom , did you feel the earthquake this afternoon 
Oh , that scared me 
The breaking news just reported some houses were destroyed by the earthquake 
Oh , dear ! How ruthless 
Do you think we can donate some clothes and food for the victims 
Why not ? That's a good idea to help them 
What stresses you out the most 
Probably my parents 
How so 
Well , during school , they wanted good grades . Then after I got a job , they wanted me to get a better job . And finally , they want me to get married 
You have to deal with a lot of pressure from your parents 
Your parents are not like that 
Ever since I brought home some bad grades in elementary school , they never expected much 
You're lucky 
What do you do to deal with the stress 
Not much I can do . It's always there . I sometimes go out with some friends and drink , but that's only a temporary solution . The stress always returns in the morning 
That sucks . You wanna go grab a beer 
Sure . Sounds great . Let's go 
Do you have this design with only one breast pocket 
Let me see.Oh , we have the design but not the same color as this one 
It's a pity . I'm afraid that's too loud for me.Thank you 
You're welcome 
What channel did you watch last night 
Channel Two . A TV series was showing on it . The name of the series is Huanzhu Gene
How do you feel about it 
Generally it's to my appetite . What about you 
Well , I don't think much about it . To me , it's a sheer waste of time
Don't be too critical . So what's your favorite 
Variety shows and talk shows , I think 
Hi Ron , this is Kim at headquarters 
Oh , hi Kim . How ’ s it going 
Great , thanks . I was calling to change our meeting next week 
Ok , sure . When did you have in mind 
Well , I was hoping we could reschedule for early next month , Our trip has been postponed until the 2nd 
Why don ’ t ’ we say the 3rd around 2:00 p . m . 
That works for me ! I will call you when I get into town to reconfirm 
Great . Talk to you then 
I want to get a snack at the cafeteria 
What are you going to buy 
I may just get some chips 
I'm probably going to buy something too 
What do you want to get 
I want some sort of candy 
What kind do you want 
I want some chocolate 
What kind of chocolate 
I'm going to get a Snickers or a Kit Kat 
I don't think they sell Kit Kats 
I'll just get a Snickers then 
I need order in the court 
I am ready to make my plea 
What do you plead 
I plead not guilty 
All the evidence indicates that you are guilty 
I realize that , but I am not guilty 
Is that right 
I had nothing to do with the crime that was committed 
Who is the guilty party 
I ’ ll tell you if you let me go 
I ’ d be glad to make a deal with you 
I am willing to tell you that information 
Do you know something about Mount Tai 
Yes . But not too much . It is considered as the head of five sacred mountains in China 
Five sacred mountains ? Why people call them so 
Because in history , the Chinese emperors used to climb onto these mountains and pay tribute to their ancestors and pray for good harvest and prosperity for the whole nation 
Got it . Can we see any things left by them 
Definitely . There are many wall paintings and inscriptions on the huge rocks on the mountain 
I want to see them . How can I go there 
That is easy . You can go directly to Tai'an city and buy a ticket to Mount Tai 
I would like the two clothes washed 
No problem.madam.But I think the red sweater is not colorfast.Would you like to have it dry cleaned 
Thank you for your reminding.Yes , please have it dry cleaned 
I will bring them to your room tomorrow afternoon 
What's the matter 
Which subway should I take to get to the East Side 
Oh , you have to take the shuttle to Grand Central 
Which train is that ? Which platform does it leave from 
It's not on this platform . These trains are uptown and downtown , not crosstown . You have to go up these stairs over there 
Sorry I was late for the meeting today . I got stuck in traffic 
That's okay . Better late than never 
I am here to tell you that the clothes are very much to taste of our market and the customers are quite satisfied with the excellent quality 
We are very glad to hear that . We are sure that there will be a bigger market for our products in this country 
Well , we have an extensive sales organization and a thorough knowledge of Asian market . Your products would sell very well here . We are prepared to do more business with you . We are also interested in handing a sole agent for you 
We really appreciate your efforts . Before we go to the core of matter , can you give us some idea of them on which you would be willing to operate as our agent 
No problem 
When is your vacation going to start 
I'll be leaving on the fifth of August for the vacation
Oh , that's only a few days from now ! How many weeks are you going to be taking 
I'm taking two weeks now . but I want to save the other week and take it sometime during the winter 
Where are you going now 
To the beach
Have you made your hotel reservation yet 
Oh , I don't need to do that . I'll be staying with friends
You're lucky . It's hard to find a place to stay at the beach in August
Just think , in a few days , I'll be swimming and lying in the sun and just taking it easy 
I'm glad I brought my jacket on this trip 
Yes , I didn't know Washington , DC got so cold in winter 
What would you like to do today 
I really think we should take a tour of the White House 
I thought we could go to some of the museums.Don ' t you want to see the museums 
Of course . But today I feel like seeing the White House.We should see it first , because it's the most famous historical building here 
I don't agree . I think the Capitol building is the most famous.But okay . If you want to see the White House , we'll go see it . I'm just afraid it will be boring 
Boring ? How can it be boring ? It sounds very interesting to me 
Hi , excuse me sir ? I ’ m looking for a dress shoe . My usual pair that I ’ Ve had for years have finally been stretched out of shape . They don ’ t provide any support anymore 
Sure , what kind of shoe are you looking for ? We ’ Ve got strappy sandals , sleek high heels , edgy pumps , or if you ’ re looking for something a little more practical , we ’ Ve got Mary Janes , ballerinas 
Show me some classic high heels , please 
Ok , right this way . What color did you have in mind 
Black . Classic 
Of course . We ’ Ve got this style here that is very popular . Because it ’ s an open-toe shoe , you can wear it any time of the year . They look great on everyone 
Umm . too shiny . And I wear pantyhose with my shoes so let ’ s look for a closed-toe shoe 
OK , these are a very nice pair of leather shoes with a two-inch heel so they are very comfortable 
I don ’ t like the pointed toes . Let me take a look at what else you have . Too high . That one looks like the back would cut into my heel . I have a high instep so I doubt that one will fit properly 
What size 
Seven-and-a-half 
Here we are . How does it fit 
Hmmm.Not good . They ’ re too tight.The length is right , but the shoe is too narrow and it ’ s pinching my toes . And there ’ d be no room for my insoles . You know what ? I don ’ t think I have the patience fo
Have a nice day , Ma ’ am 
Have you considered upgrading your system 
Yes , but I'm not sure what exactly I would need 
You could consider adding a painting program to your software . It would allow you to make up your own flyers and banners for advertising 
That would be a definite bonus 
You might also want to upgrade your hardware because it is pretty outdated now 
How can we do that 
You'd probably need a faster processor , to begin with . And you also need a more powerful hard disc , more memory and a faster modem . Do you have a CD-ROM drive 
No 
Then you might want to add a CD-ROM drive too , because most new software programs are coming out on Cds 
That sounds great . Thanks 
Look , there are some words on the fish 
I know that they are auspicious fish . It's quite popular nowadays 
For God's sake ! It's too bloody . How can people be so cruel 
Not at all . I think the tattoos are so cool and chic 
You can't prick the fish to please the sick tastes of some bloody people 
Honey , it's not so serious . It's just an animal 
Just an animal ? But it has life too . If you want a tattoo , get one . It's your choice because you want it . But has anyone asked the fish if it wanted one 
OK , I understand , but what else could we do 
Hilton hotel , may I help you 
We would like to book a table for 6 at 7:00 in the evening 
OK , sir . We will arrange one for you 
Can we bring drinks by ourselves 
Sorry , sir . It's not allowed in our hotel 
All right . Thank you 
Do you have any shoes like these 
What size 
Size five 
What colour 
Black 
I ’ m sorry . We don't haven any 
But my sister bought this pair last month 
Did she buy them here 
No , she bought them in the U . S 
We had some shoes like those a month ago , but we don't have any now 
Can you get a pair for me please 
I ’ m afraid that I can ’ t . They were in fashion last year and the year before last . But they ’ re not in fashion this year . These shoes are in fashion now 
They look very uncomfortable 
They are very uncomfortable . But women always wear uncomfortable shoes 
I am so bored all day 
Why 
Jack borrowed a large sum of money from me and didn ’ t pay me back 
Don ’ t make a mountain out of molehill . I am sure he will do that on his payday 
Excuse me , you look lost.Can I help you 
Oh , Thank you . I'm looking for the train station 
Right . Let me see . You go straight down here and turn right 
Right ? OK , got it 
Then take the next left then the next right . Are you with me 
Next left then right ? OK 
Alice , I never knew you had such a lovely voice . You really can sing , can't you 
Thanks , Mark . I used to be a member of the school choir 
No wonder you can control your voice so well . You are a professional singer 
Well , you are flattering me . I wouldn't say I am a professional , but I did receive some training at school . My music teacher used to be a professional singer 
Well , a good teacher makes good students 
You are quite right 
That new Sony camcorder you've got is just beautiful 
Yeah.It is the very latest in digital video cameras 
I can see digital video products are quickly going mainstream with their plunging price 
Getting cheaper is not the only reason for their popularity.They come with a lot of inviting functions 
Such as 
They offer clearer and sharper images . Many of them also have up to 20x optical zoom lenses , a photo mode and fast-action mode 
They are very compact and are designed to be used with one hand 
Right ! Anyway , the basic difference between a digital camcorder and its traditional counterpart is that it speaks digital 
What does this mean 
This means digital camcorders can be connected with the digital equipments you have at home , like your digital TV or your computer 
I can transfer my home video clips from my camcorder to my computer for editing 
Sure ! And without any conversion process or loss of quality ! You quickly find , cut , and record video segments and create slide shows . Some camcorders even offer editing software for adding titles and special effects 
What special effects 
Like creating a sepia tone look and some special effects such as fades and dissolves 
That's great 
With the development of the broad band Internet , you can easily upload your video files to websites or e-mail them to relatives or business partners 
So everybody's getting video mail 
You have the right to remain silent . Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law . You have the right to have an attorney present during questioning . If you cannot afford an attorney , one will be appointed for you.Do you understand 
Yes 
What's your name 
My name is James 
What's your nationality 
American 
What's your relationship with the victim 
I don't know him 
Why did you attack the victim 
Because he beat me first when I tried to stop him from grabbing my bag and running away 
How many times did you stab the victim 
I stabbed his belly three times 
Did you know hat your actions might cause serous injuries or death 
I knew , but I couldn't myself 
Was it your intention to kill the victim 
No . I didn't kill him on purpose , madam . It's him who caused the incident . I need to see my attorney 
OK.Give me his number and we'll contact him 
How big is your family 
My family is not big , there are only 3 of us-my parents and I 
Who supports the family 
My father supports the family , and he is the sole breadwinner . My mother is a housewife 
Do you live with your family 
Yes , we live a happy life together 
Susan ? We ’ re having a farewell party for John Anderson today 
What time ? I ’ d like to go , but my calendar is really full today 
We ’ re starting at 12:00 and it ’ ll go on for the rest of the afternoon 
I ’ ll try to make it . I should be able to fit some time in around 3 o ’ clock 
Why don't we get you some shirts 
I want to leave . We've already been here two hours 
But we should get you some shirts while we're here . You need summer shirts 
I would rather buy them somewhere else 
Why ? They have everything here 
I don't like shopping in malls . I like shopping on the street . There is more variety 
Let's just look and see what they have 
Alright 
What about these shirts ? Do you see anything you like 
The styles here are too boring for me . I told you . I like street shopping 
Oh , come on ! Don't be so sour . These are beautiful shirts . I know if we don't buy some today , you will never go shopping by yourself 
Sure I would 
Here . Look at this shirt . Try it on 
Do they have it in LARGE 
I don't know . Let me look on the rack . Here is one . LARGE . Try it on 
Where is the fitting room ? I don't see it 
The fitting rooms are over there 
Okay , I will try it on 
It looks good on you 
I look like a nerd 
No , it looks great.Why are you always like this when you're shopping ? You know it looks good 
Well , I don't think it's the best style for me 
I think we'll buy this one . And I want you to try on this one too 
Alright . Alright 
You should be happy I want you to look good.If I let you shop for yourself , you would never buy anything 
Yes , maybe . But I like street shopping . There is more variety . I'm sorry . I just don't like malls 
Could you hold the elevator , please ? Thanks a lot 
No problem . What floor 
I'm headed to the 18th floor , the top floor 
Oh , so am I 
Do you work there ? I have an interview today with Dale Mendoza . Do you know her 
Yeah , I know her pretty well 
To tell you the truth , I'm really nervous . I had a dream last night that I was being interviewed by a three-headed monster that kept trying to bite my head off . Oh , wow , my palms are sweaty just thinking about it . I just hope Ms . Mendoza won't be able to hear my teeth chattering . I just hope I get through this in one piece 
What does a housing go for in south mountain district 
It depends on the type of the house you're looking for 
We ’ re looking for a three-bedroom home 
What ’ s your general price range 
Under 300,000 RIB , we suppose 
Umm , I think I would be hard to find something in that range in this area . You know the environment in the south mountain district is the nicest 
What about a two-bedroom house 
A two-bedroom house in this area is generally around 250,000 RIB 
I see 
I recommend you buy a two-bedroom house . It is very suitable for a couple , and some two-bedroom houses are large enough for a one-child family 
Okay , I will take it into consideration 
It's snowing heavily 
It is very common in the winter in Ottawa 
The snow is so beautiful 
Don't you think we ' d leave for the concert now 
What time dose it start 
In about 25 minutes 
Then we'd better get started 
Be quick . Put our bags in the deposit box 
We got a problem . The deposit boxes are all full . We should have come earlier 
I told you to hurry up a thousand times . You just put a deaf ear to it 
Did you ? I didn't hear you . It was too noisy 
I surely did ! Ask the customer service counter if we can deposit our stuff there 
They say we can't . They don't look after customers ' stuff 
It's all your fault ! Now we can't get in shopping 
OK , it's my fault . I'll stay here and look after our stuff . You can get in , shopping with Daniel and May 
That sounds like a good idea 
Hey , don't forget to buy a suit for me 
What color do you want 
Black , of course 
May I speak to Mr . Smith 
He is at the warehouse this morning 
What time do you expect him back 
Sorry , I have no idea . You can call him there if you like 
Ok , I have the number . Bye 
It's Chinese New Year ! That means it's time to eat hot pot 
Let's eat the kind that has both spicy and mild broth in one pot 
You mean half-and-half 
Yep . That way I can satisfy my craving for spicy food and you can eat hot pot without burning into flames 
Good idea 
Good afternoon , how can I help 
Hi there . I'd like to draw some cash from my Fund Account at the Securities Company . Could I check my balance before I withdraw anything 
Of course . Your balance is 92,320 RIB in your Securities Account . How much would you like to withdraw 
I'd like 20,000 RIB , please . If that's possible 
No problem . Please fill in this transfer form that will authorise us to send the amount from the Securities Company to your account 
Do you know a bus that goes to the Gold Line station 
Do you live in Pasadena 
My house is up in Altadena 
You could always take the 264 
It'll really take me to the station 
It goes all the way there 
Do you know what street it goes on 
Catch it on Altadena Drive 
I would've never known 
Now you know 
I appreciate you telling me 
No problem 
Good morning . How can I help you 
I want to apply for a passport here 
OK . Please fill in these forms and take them back when you are done 
( 10 minutes later . ) Hi . Here are completed forms 
OK . Can I have your original ID card and tw0 2 - inch photos 
Here you are , But I forgot my photos 
That is OK . We have photo taking service here . You may pay your fee , take a photo there and take it back here 
OK . I am going right now 
Will you be joining Billy and I at the Bar 
Which one will you be going to 
We are going to try the new one that opened up on 17th Street 
Sure , I've been meaning to visit that place myself 
I want to stop off at my apartment to get changed so I should be there by 9 pm 
OK , can I bring a date with me 
Certainly . But if there are going to be four of us , I had better make reservations 
Yes . that is a very good idea . It would be a shame if we could not find a place to sit 
Then I'II make reservations for 9 pm for a party of four 
I'll be there . Oh , is there a cover charge at the bar 
Not that I know of . Why do you ask 
I want to make sure I bring enough money for my date and I 
I hear the drinks and food there are moderately priced.You should be fine 
One last question.Is there a dress code there 
No , its very casual there . Leave your jacket and tie at home 
Perfect . I wanted to have a casual evening tonight 
I'll see you there at 9pm 
Okay . See you then 
May I help you 
Yes . I would like to go to New York for my Christmas vacation 
How long do you have 
1 week . Would you recommend me scenic spots to see there 
New York is full of place of interest , such as Times Square , Broadway , Wall street and Ground Zero and Statue of Liberty 
That's fantastic 
Happy New Year 
Thank you ! The same to you 
Have you got any plans 
I've been invited over to a friend's . And you 
My roommate's having a party 
I can ’ t make out anything , the words are too light . I thought they have already changed the toner cartridge this month 
It seems not or somebody has recently received a large fax 
Ok , no problem . We do it ourselves 
Do you know how to do it ? I am not so good at machine things . I will have somebody do it as soon as possible 
Check with somebody from the IT department . They are anyway in charge of the office electronic equipment 
Hello , this is Steven . Is that Mrs.Wang ? I'm just calling to follow up about the status of the personnel manager position 
This is Wang Ling speaking.You satisfy all the requirements . Congratulations ! You're hired 
I ’ m very proud to be employed by your firm 
I think you'd be perfect for this job . This company needs someone like you . When can you start working 
Anytime 
Very good . You will normally be sent an official notification of the results of your interview by post . Once you get the notification , you can come 
Thank you for hiring me . See you then . Bye 
See you . Bye 
I'm feeling down 
Come on . Cheer up 
Hi , I need a hotel room 
That's no problem at all . May I have your name , please 
Certainly . My name is John Sandals 
It's a pleasure , Mr . Sandals . My name is Michelle . What days will you need a room 
Friday afternoon , April 14 through Monday morning , April 17 
One minor problem , sir . Our prices are now slightly higher . Is that acceptable , sir 
Please tell me the price , so I can make a decision 
It'll be $ 308 nightly 
That's a reasonable price 
Good ! Now , sir , do you have a preference for smoking or nonsmoking 
I quit smoking , so nonsmoking 
I hear you , sir . Nonsmoking . Now , about the bed , is a queen-size okay 
A queen sounds great 
Okay , sir , let me reserve those dates , there . Now , if you'll just tell me your phone number 
That would be 626-555-1739 
That's 626-555-1739 . Thank you so much for choosing our hotel , sir 
Excuse me , i am a new student here . Could you tell me where the English Department is 
It is in that brand new , tall building over there . On the 9th floor 
Where is the school cafeteria 
It is the basement of that red building in front of the tower with big bells 
Where is the Computer Center 
The Computer Center is on the first floor of the library 
Where is the library 
The library is next to the Adminstration Building . The Adminstration Building is over there near the school ’ s main entrance . There are school maps for free in the lobby of the Admin 
Thank you . I will go get one 
Sure . Glad to be of service . By the way , my name is Mike Sullivan . You will see me around a lot . I am running for President of the Student Government 
Well , hi ! My name is Eve Markowski . I am glad to meet you . With your friendly smile and helpful attitude . I am sure you will win 
Thanks you for the encouragement 
You are welcome . I ’ d better go . Goodbye 
Have a good day . Bye-Bye 
Mary , how was your date with john 
It's ok . It seems we have a lot in common 
Oh , really . That is great news . What does he look like 
He is tall and slim , fair-haired 
Sounds like he is pretty cute . What do you think of him 
He is a nice guy and very considerate . I was impressed with how smart he was and he has a great sense of humor 
Oh , it's love at first sight . When will you see each other again 
He didn't say , but he said he would call me 
Maybe he is busy with his work . Just wait and try not to think about it too much 
Oh , steve . Stop it ! I am a bit nervous ! What if he doesn't call 
Come on , Mary , you're a total catch . I bet he will call you . Don't worry 
Thank you , Steve . You're always so encouraging 
That's what friends are for 
I have a real problem when I meet people 
What is it ? Maybe I can help 
I never know when to shake hands and when not to . Can you tell me something about it 
Do you come from a country where they shake hands 
Oh yes . Men , women , and children shake hands all the time 
It ’ s very simple . Men shake hands , women and children don ’ t 
But some women do shake hands . And now a lot of children have such good manners , they shake hands too 
Well , a good rule to follow is , for men you hold out your hand , for women and children , you wait and see what they do 
That sounds easy enough 
Sure . Once you get the hang of it , it ’ s a piece of cake ! It ’ s nothing to worry about 
Merry Christmas , Linda 
Merry Christmas , Lee 
Linda , thank you for this wonderful Christmas dinner . I really enjoyed it 
Thank you for coming . I'm glad you liked it 
Let's get this card for mom , it's funny 
Brad , it's her birthday . Let's get her something really special 
Do you mean girly 
I mean beautiful and heartfelt-something that will make her cry 
Are you for real 
Women like that kind of thing , beautiful thoughts that are touching 
I think we should each get our own card 
Okay , you get your funny one and I'll get my beautiful one 
What is up 
Look at the dishes ! I have told you three times to put away these dishes . But now ..
Oh , don ’ t be angry . I just thought you might need them sometime 
I have told you that I don ’ t need them any more . The thing that really annoys me is that you played dumb with me 
All right , let's see who's ruining my TV time 
What are you going to do ? Call my boss and chew him out 
Is your boss named Vic ? Your pager says , This is Vic . Here I come 
Impossible . My pager is really old . It doesn't display messages 
Here , see for yourself . That's really strange ! It's almost the same as when I ..
Gosh , you're right ! It's from some guy named Vic . I wonder who he is ..
It sounds that you have a high opinion of him 
He is an all-right guy . I have no bone to pick with him 
Birds of feather flock together 
But he is not a fine wether friend who could sell you down the river 
You cannot judge a person that way . I have a hunch that he is a sly dog 
Depends on with whom . He may be doing things on the sly , but he is honest with me . I trust him 
You can never tell . He might do you in when he sees an angle in doing it 
Excuse me . Is this seat taken 
No , it isn't 
Am I on right bus to Chicago 
Oh , no . This is going in the opposite direction 
Oh , my God 
I suggest you get off at the next stop and ask again at the station 
I will . Thank you 
Hello , reservation desk . Can I help you 
Yes . I ’ d like to book a duplex suite 
What day would you like to reserve the suite for , sir 
Next Friday 
I ’ m sorry , sir . We can ’ t accept reservations for next Friday due to over booking . May I suggest another hotel , sir 
Oh , thank you very much 
Please hold the line . I ’ ll see if there is a duplex suite available on that day . ( a minute later ) Sir ? Holiday Inn is available for your need 
How do I contact them 
I ’ ll give you their phone number . It ’ s 601 789 5634 
Hello , reservation desk . How can I help you 
I ’ d like to book a room 
What kind of room would you like , Ma ’ am ? We got single rooms , double rooms , standard rooms , suites and deluxe suites 
What ’ s the rate for a standard room 
$ 79 a night 
I ’ d like a standard room 
What date would you check in , Ma ’ am 
December 23rd , please 
How long do you plan to stay 
4 days 
Could you give me your name and phone number 
Nancy Brown . My phone number ’ s 709 678 5634 . Nancy Brown 
Thanks . What time will you arrive 
Around 3pm 
Very good . Your reservation confirmation number is NB13579 . Thank you for booking in our hotel . Can I help you with anything else today 
No , that ’ s it . Thank you very much 
You must be Mr White from Britain 
Yes , may I know your name 
I'm Michael Smith from Eale Corporation.Pleased to meet you 
Let me see your passport , please 
Oh , here you are 
You come from Germany , don't you 
Yes . And come here for tourism 
How long will you be staying in China 
Twenty days 
OK . Have you filled in the Declaration Form 
Yes , here is the form 
Is this your luggage 
Yes , only one travel bag 
What do you have in the luggage 
Nothing but several personal effects 
That's all . Thank you for your co-operation 
How about this floor lamp 
Fine , just get it ! We have been shopping for furniture for five hours ! I ’ m so tired 
We still need to find an armoire and a dresser 
Fine ! I am going to go home and drop off this nightstand , coffee table and love seat while you look for the rest of the things 
Great ! Pick me up in about an hour because I think I ’ ll also get a bean bag and a dining set 
While you are at it can you pick out a nice recliner ? I really want one so I can watch TV 
Recliner ? In my beautifully decorated living room ? I don ’ t think so 
Hello 
Hi , Deborah ! This is John . I'm calling from Australia 
What are you doing in Australia 
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week . Remember 
Oh , right . What time is it there 
It's 10:00 P . M . And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles , right 
Yes - four o'clock in the morning 
4:00 A . M . ? I'm really sorry 
That's OK . I'm awake now 
Taxi ! Taxi 
Where to , sir 
I ’ d like to go to the railway station please 
Please hop in 
Is it a long run to the station 
It ’ ll take about 20 minutes 
The streets are heavy with traffic at this time of a day , are they 
Yes , they are 
Is it the rush hour now 
Yes , it is . Are you in a hurry sir 
No , I ’ m not . Would you please drive slowly and carefully 
Yes , sir 
Ah , Michelle , hi . I was hoping to see you . How have you been ? How's the family 
Oh , hello , Mr . Campbell . I'm fine and Jack's doing well . How are you 
I'm fine thanks . I got your report this morning . Thank's for that . Are you joining the conference today 
Yes , I'm leaving at four pm 
Good , well we can discuss this more then , but I think the figures are looking very good for this quarter 
Yes , me too 
I'm planning to discuss the advertising budget at the conference . I don't think we should continue with the TV advertising 
I just dropped in to say goodbye 
What time are you leaving 
I ’ ll leave at ten o ’ clock 
Take care , and give my best to your parents 
Thank you , I will . Hope to see you again next year 
For our lunch meeting with the investors , do we have to make a reservation at the restaurant or do we just show up 
Usually for lunch , we don't have to reserve a table , they should allow walk-ins . But to be on the safe side , I'll order a table for half-past twelve . Will that suit your schedule 
I've arranged to meet them at the restaurant at twelve . Can you make the reservation a little earlier ? If we start earlier , it will give us more time for a longer lunch 
Are you planning on treating the investors to a full-course meal 
Yes , we'll start with appetizers , follow with a soup and salad course , then main dishes of prime rib or cordon bleu chicken , and finish up with a delicious rich dessert of some sort 
That'll be pretty heavy for a mid-day meal , don't you think 
As along as we stay away from anything alcoholic , we should be okay 
With your prime rib and chicken choices , you'd better hope nobody's vegetarian 
We can make some special arrangement if we need to . After all , it's the company who is footing the bill 
John ? Can you come over here for a second 
Certainly , Mr . Emory . What can I do for you 
I need you to take a look at these samples . I think there are a few problems 
Sure . Let me look over them and I ’ ll bring them back this afternoon 
How do I look ? I love these braids . They're fun 
They look great ! Hey , are you hungry ? I know a good Ethiopian restaurant-Meskerem 
An Ethiopian restaurant ? Whoa ! I always think of starving people in Ethiopia 
It's very “ in ” these days . Some of the places are really expensive 
That's so ironic ! Well , what's it like ? Is it your traditional food 
No . Africans and African-Americans are different in many ways . Our food's different , too 
Good afternoon 
Hello . This is Jones . I'd like to speak to Mr . Chen 
Speaking 
I'd like to discuss the new order with you . Would you like to have lunch together at Garden Hotel next Tuesday 
Let me check my diary . Er . I'm afraid I can't make Tuesday . I've got to go to Beijing for a conference . I'll come back on Thursday 
That's a pity . Does Friday suit you 
Yeah , that would be fine . What time 
Is 12 o'clock convenient for you 
Yeah , that's fine . Next Friday at 12 at Garden Hotel . I'll look forward to it 
Hi , Alex . Would you come with me to supply ? I ’ Ve got to pick up a load of stuff and I ’ m afraid I can ’ t carry it all 
Sure , Stacy . Let me just grab my coat 
Thanks . I appreciate the hand . I ’ d have to make two or three trips on my own 
Don ’ mention it . I ’ m glad to help 
I am starving 
Didn't you just eat 
I'm still hungry 
We ate everything from dinner 
I just need a snack 
What are you going to make 
I don't have the slightest clue 
Go make a sandwich 
I'm not sure what kind I want 
Why don't you make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich 
I think I will do that 
Maybe you should 
Have you got change for a thousand 
Let me see 
Good morning , Helen 
Good morning , Steven 
So , what's the status of our advertising campaign 
It'll be a national campaign starting next week 
What style will the ads be 
I suggest that we focus on slice of life , showing how you can beat the summer heat by biting into a cool ice-cream sandwich 
Sounds like a good idea . Will we have a new slogan 
Definitely 
I want to go try on these clothes 
What did you find 
I found some jeans , and a new blouse 
Go and try it on 
What do you think 
I love that shirt on you 
What about the jeans 
They don't really fit you right 
I don't think so either 
That blouse is absolutely wonderful on you 
I'll just buy the shirt 
That would be a good idea 
Hello , I am Mr . Johnson at room 309 . I would like to have a safe box . Do I need to pay for a safe box 
No , you don't . Just fill out this card and sign your name and room number on it 
Here you are . Can I have a larger envelope to put my valuable things in it 
Yes , will this do 
Yes , it's perfect 
Wait a minute . This is your safe box key , don't lose it . You'll have to pay two thousand yuan if you lose the key 
OK , I won't 
How do you celebrate Thanksgiving in the US 
Well , Thanksgiving is family event.So on Thanksgiving , family members will get together and enjoy a big Thanksgiving dinner . Kids will have lot of fun 
Do you say prayers before dinner 
Yes , we do . It is an exciting moment 
What is the biggest fun for you on Thanksgiving 
For me ? The football games of course , I love football games 
Guess what 
What 
Mr . Smith , this is your schedule 
OK . Let me see 
Do you have any different ideas 
Which season do you like best 
I like spring 
Why 
Oh , everything comes back to life in spring and the weather gets warmer 
I like spring , too.We can go for a walk and enjoy the fresh air 
Hi , Victor . How are you 
Oh , I'm fine 
So , are you going to go to class tonight 
Maybe ... but I don't think so 
Really ? What's the matter 
I don't know . I'm just feeling a little sad 
Listen . Come with me to class , and after class we can go out for dinner 
Now that's a good idea . Thanks a lot , Brian . I'm feeling better already 
I want to change rooms immediately , plus a refund for tonight 
I'm sorry , sir . Exactly what is the problem 
I'm knee-deep in cockroaches 
I'm so sorry , sir . We'll give you a new room immediately , and give you a refund also 
Thank you . I'm glad that this hotel strives to keep its reputation intact 
Sir , we always try to please our guests 
Steven , what are you thinking about 
Oh , you know , tomorrow is Vicky's birthday . I am thinking what gift to give her 
That's easy . A girl at her age must like beautiful ornaments . How about a hair pin 
It's a bad idea . Vicky has short hair 
Well , what about a brooch 
Only old women like that 
Maybe you should ask her what she wants for her birthday 
OK . That's what I can do 
Hello . Mr . Zhang . It's Mary 
Yes , Mary 
I'm afraid we're really staffed this week , Mr . Li . I'd like to meet you , but I'm sorry I really can't 
Are you telling me you're not going to meet with me 
Not at all , sir . I'd just like to delay our meeting to next week , I'll have time at the beginning of next week 
Well , I don't like it , but I guess I don't have any choice 
How about Monday morning at 9 a . m . 
OK , I'll go to your office at that time 
Why'd you run into me 
I didn't mean to . It was an accident 
You have completely damaged my car 
I did not . It looks perfectly fine 
You don't see what happened to my bumper 
What did I do to it 
You smashed my bumper in with your car 
I really don't think that I did that 
Your bumper looks exactly the same 
Look , just give me your insurance and number and I'll take care of it 
Give me your information , in case I don't hear from you 
Trust me 
How delicious ! Tender and crisp 
This is the specialty of our restaurant , sir 
Yes , it's really savory 
Thank you for appreciating it 
Ok , honey , time to take down the Christmas tree 
Do we have to 
Come on , it ’ s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging 
It ’ s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere 
A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ’ s messing up the room 
But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ’ d really hate to have to take it down 
But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ’ s been there only because we ’ Ve been too busy to get rid of it 
I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away 
But it ’ s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches 
I know , I know . But it reminds me of the great Christmas we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the kids , and the cousins - - the food was good , and everybody got what they wanted 
Yeah , it was a good Christmas . It won ’ t always be this good , but we can ’ t make it last longer than it should 
Ok , fine . We need to take down the tree 
I ’ ll make a deal with you . We ’ ll leave it up until Sunday , and then we ’ ll take it down after church 
Hello , this is Helen speaking 
Hello , Helen . This is John . How are you 
Fine , thank you . And you 
Fine , thanks . I ’ ll have a party next Sunday at home . I ’ m calling to ask whether you can come or not 
Oh , how wonderful . I ’ ll be glad to 
Okay , now you are a famous star 
Hum , don ’ t say that . Maybe you can do something useful for me 
What ’ s wrong with you 
I ’ ll tell you at the party 
Okay 
good morning 
good morning , Gav ! Did you sleep well last night 
I slept like a baby . I fell asleep right away last night , didn't wake up once , and didn't have nay nightmares 
that's great news ! You look much more relaxed than you did yesterday 
I feel much better , but I'm still worried about something 
what's that 
well , I have to drive to school for a meeting this morning , and I'm going to end up getting stuck in rush-hour traffic 
that's annoying , but nothing to worry about 
for me , traffic jams are quite stressful , because I'm pretty impatient . How can I prevent myself from getting stressed if I get stuck in a traffic jam 
just breathe deeply when you feel yourself getting upset 
Ok , I'll try that 
is there anything else bothering you 
just one more thing . A school called me this morning to see if I could teach a few classes this weekend and I don't know what to do 
do you have any other plans this weekend 
I'm supposed to work on a paper that'd due on Monday 
try not to take on more than you can handle 
you're right . I probably should just work on my paper . Thanks 
I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there ’ s something wrong with the fax machine 
What ’ s wrong with the fax machine ? Is it urgent 
Yes , very urgent . And there is no other fax machine around . And the office of our boss is closed , so I can not use his machine either . And his secretary is out . Do you have any suggestion 
Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail , you print it out 
What did you do this weekend , Kate 
Oh , Diane and I went for a drive in the country on Saturday 
That sounds nice . Where did you go 
We drove to the lake and had a picnic . We had a great time ! How about you ? Did you do anything special 
Not really . I just worked on my car all day 
That old thing ! Why don't you just buy a new one 
But then what would I do every weekend 
My mom and dad insist that I be home before ten . Do you have a curfew 
Yes . I've had one for as long as I can remember 
I wish my parents were a little more lenient 
I actually like having a curfew . I have an excuse to get to bed on time 
You like going to bed early 
I don't like being too tired the next day 
Well , I still hate having a curfew 
If you stayed up much later , you would see that just about every-thing closes around ten anyway 
Holly , I just heard some terrible news 
Me , too . I overheard someone say Taylor has a brain tumor 
What ? No , I heard that he has stomach cancer . His ex-girlfriend said it 
That could explain all his stomachaches . He's trying to hide it from us 
Maybe that's why he didn't show up at the potluck . Have you seen him 
No , but someone said he was in the men's room puking . Follow me 
How did you get the piano here 
It was hard work 
You never did it on your own 
It took three of us to move it 
Kids are always difficult to control 
True . When I tell my kids to behaves themselves , they will make a face and slip away 
Kids are kids 
What's the problem , Nada ? You look down in the dumps 
I don't know . My life is a big mess . Everything is so complicated 
come on , nothing can be that bad 
but promise me , you'll keep it a secret 
ok , I promise . So what's troubling you so much 
I've fallen in love with my boss 
really ? Is he married 
no , of course not . He is still single 
then what's your problem 
I try to keep it to myself . But there is a lot of gossip about us 
oh , I see . Office romance tends to be the subject of gossip 
worse still , he is trying to avoid me these days 
office romance is very tricky 
it gives me a lot of pressure and I feel depressed 
cheer up , Nada . You'll be fine 
Are you interested in mountaineering 
Yes . in some sense . I should say I like mountain climbing , you know , because I'm not so professional . How about you 
I'm the same with you , an amateur mountain climber . 1 went climbing in the Rocky Mountains with my friends last summer vacation . We spent two days in the mountains 
How did you spend the night there 
We pitched a tent in the night , waiting for the sunrise . Wow ! It was too beautiful 
I had a similar experience , but that was on the top of Tasha Mountain in my country 
Tasha Mountain ? It's very famous in China , isn't it 
Yes.It IS one of the Five Mountains 
I want to climb Tasha Mountain this summer vacation . Would you be my guide 
I'd love to 
I hear that you are going to participate in the dinner party tonight.Seen from what you are dressing , you really look like a fox 
Yeah , I think it will be wonderful 
Good afternoon , ma'am . Can I help you find anything 
No , thanks . I'm just looking 
We have a special on these skirts this week . Would you like to try one on 
No , thank you . I don't need any skirts 
How about a blouse ? This one here is the latest fashion 
No , thank you 
Why not try on this lovely pair of shorts ? I'm sure they'd look fabulous on you 
No doubt . Look , I'm just browsing . If I need your help , I'll let you know 
Take a look at this dress ! Don't you think it's perfect for you , ma'am ? Uh , where are you going , ma'am ? Ma'am 
Excuse me . Could you please tell me how to get to the nearest cinema 
Turn left at the second light . You can't miss it 
Will it take me long to get there 
No . It's not far at all 
Thank you very much 
That's all right . Have a good day 
hey , Lily , what are you doing 
waiting for someone 
you mean the boy you met on MSN 
you're right . He is so funny and I think I'm in love with him 
you must be joking . You can't fall in love with someone you've never met 
I know , but I keep thinking of him every day . And I get really depressed when he's not online 
I think it's just a crush . You can't be serious 
well , this might be silly . But I just can't get him off my mind . And I can't help missing him 
did you tell him 
yes . He said I'm his dream girl 
you shouldn't take it too seriously . It might be a lie 
I know . I can't tell whether he's serious or not so I need your advice 
I think you should enlarge your circle of real life friends , and then the right person will come along 
Good afternoon , Miss . What can I do for you 
Could you tell me my account balance ? My account number is ..
Just a moment , please . Your name 
Emily Smith 
Here is your balance 
Thank you . I want to make a withdrawal of 150 dollars 
Here you go , Miss 
Thank you 
So how did you like the restaurant 
Actually , it could have been better 
What didn't you like about it 
It is a new restaurant . I don't think they have their act together yet 
What did you think about the food 
I felt that the food was pretty mediocre 
The service wasn't that great , either 
I agree . The service was not good 
Do you think that you want to try this restaurant another time 
No , I think that I've had enough of this restaurant 
Hi , what brings you to my office today 
I ’ Ve been getting really short of breath , and my coach wanted to have a doctor check me out 
Have you had the flu lately 
No , I have been pretty healthy . I just have trouble taking a really deep breath 
Have you ever been tested for allergies 
Peaches make me break out , but I don ’ t have any other allergies 
Does this happen all the time or maybe a little more in the cold weather 
I ’ Ve noticed that it is worse when I am under stress , like during finals week 
I feel that you should see a pulmonary specialist to check for asthma 
I appreciate the referral , doctor 
I'm so glad to meet you 
How is everything going on 
Fine 
You look prettier than before 
Really ? Thank you 
Excuse me , but I'm not feeling too well . I think I'm going to throw up 
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you 
I must've missed it 
Is this your first time flying 
Yes . I'm going to San Francisco 
Oh , it's a beautiful city . I think you'll like it 
Hey , I'm feeling much better already 
Sometimes if you don't think about it , that sick feeling will go away on its own 
Thanks . By the way , my name is Mary 
I'm Frank . Nice to meet you 
Could you fill in this form , please 
All right 
Have you got any identification 
Yes , here's my ID card 
How about we taking a tour to Hawaii ? I have a 2 - weeks ' vacation 
That sounds fantabulous . I have dreamed of going there for months 
Me , too . Why don't we get ready now 
Sure . I don't want to waste even a minute 
how was school today , Dominic 
I hate school 
why ? What happened 
I messed up my mid-term exam so badly today 
it's just one exam . Can you re-take the exam 
yes , but it's so humiliating ! I don't want my friends to know I failed 
why didn't you do a good job 
I don't know . I sat down in my seat , looked at my paper , and then my mind just went totally blank 
do you think you studied enough for the exam 
no ..
what did you do last night 
I watched TV 
did you study at all last night for your exam 
no , not really 
I am sure if you had studied , you would have done well . When can you re-take your exam 
tomorrow 
alright . Get out your books and I'll help you prepare 
... The rings please . May this ring be blessed so he who gives it and she who wears it may abide in peace , and continue in love until life ’ s end 
With this ring I thee wed . Wear it as a symbol of our love and commitment 
Honey , that ’ s my pinkie . The ring goes on the ring finger 
This one 
That ’ s my index finger 
Oh , right . This one , right 
Umm ... that ’ s the thumb , Nick 
Okay , Okay , I got it ! This is the ring finger 
That ’ s my middle finger , Nick . This is my ring finger 
I haven't received my credit card bill yet 
Which credit card are you speaking of 
My Master Card 
We sent that bill out a couple of weeks ago 
I never got it 
Your bill was mailed already 
What am I going to do since I haven't received the bill 
If you haven't gotten it yet , then you should probably take that up with your post office 
Can I get an extension on my bill if it does happen to be the post office's fault 
If that's the case , you will need to provide proof of their mistake 
Thanks for everything 
Don't mention it . Call back if you have any more questions 
How can I help you 
Yes , I would like to look at some of your products . I think what I am using now does not fit me well 
We have a full range of products from cosmetics to skin cleansers 
What do you have in foundation 
Our foundation is of very super quality . We only use the finest ingredients . It will moisturize your skin and it can protect your skin from UVA and UVB 
What colors do you have in foundation 
Let me show you . We have six colors
The color I use now is natural beige . How much do you sell it for 
250 Yuan 
That's expensive 
What you're paying for , madam , is the ingredients . it provides a soft and perfect finish coverage with a weightless feel 
I understand . I need a lipstick , too . Do you have lipsticks in red 
Of course . But I suggest you buy a lipgloss . The shining effect is in 
All right . How much is it 
45 Yuan . If you buy the two , you can get a small bottle of nail polish for free 
Well , I'll take them 
I hear you jog everyday 
I'm doing it for fun and fitness 
I think maybe one day you can take part in the walking race 
At the age of 64 ? You're kidding 
Who's that man over there talking to James 
Where ? Oh , that's Henry 
He's very handsome , isn't he ? What's he like 
He's very nice , actually , but rather eccentric 
Really ? I love eccentric people 
Yes , but he may be too eccentric even for you 
Why ? What do you mean by that 
Well , haven't you heard 
Heard what ? No one ever tells me anything 
Well , apparently , he's been having an affair with his secretary 
Really ! How fascinating 
According to Mary , he's divorcing his wife and there's a big fight going on about the children . I thought everyone knew 
Well , what can I say ? I didn't know . Oh , I meant to tell you earlier , your blouse doesn't really match your skirt . Those colors don't really suit you either 
Oh . Thanks . Look , I must just go and say hello to someone . I'll be right back 
No , Dave . I haven't wrecked my jeep . I'm calling to offer you a job 
With invoking ? No , thanks 
I'd like you to manage a new online auction site we're building 
I'm not interested , Zina 
Don't play hard to get . The pay is good . You'd be working with Elvin again 
I don't think so 
Elvin doesn't hold a grudge , if that's what you're worried about 
Did you vote 
Of course 
Who was your vote for President 
My vote was for Barack Obama 
I didn ’ t expect him to win 
I had no doubt in my mind that he would win 
What made you think that 
Nobody could compete with him 
I thought his race would have kept him from winning 
Times are changing 
That ’ s true 
I support our new President 100 % 
Good afternoon , can I help you 
Hello . I've been told to come in and see someone about my L / C . I just had a message to come in and see someone called Kristy 
I'm Kristy . Can I help 
I received a letter asking me to come in and see you . I'm Mr Simons from Dalton's Electrics 
Oh , yes . Hello Mr Simons . I have some information about your L / C amendment . The negotiating bank has just informed us that the 3rd party does not wish to accept the amendment 
Oh dear ! Where should I go from here 
I'd recommend going back to the 3rd party , personally this time , and discussing what exactly it is they aren't happy with . Hopefully you can reach some sort of agreement , which is viable for everyone 
Hey , Cindy , I ’ m so sorry about yesterday . I shouldn ’ t have yelled at you in front of everyone 
Don ’ t worry about it 
I don ’ t know what happened to me . I just lost it 
I think you just need to get more sleep 
Yes , you ’ re right . Good night 
Hello , this is Than Hua's office . Can I help you 
Hello , could I speak to the export manager , please 
Speaking 
This is Joey from Mary trading company . I learned that you are the leading export of cloth by Hummed company 
That's right . What can I do for you 
We are interested in cloth made in China . The clothes are sold very well here . We are a big location supplier for the northeast market here . I'm thinking that we'll have some business opportunities 
Can you make out what he's saying 
No , it's too loud in here 
Is that Mr . Green 
This is him speaking 
I am calling to inform you that we're happy to have you with us . Welcome aboard , I'm sure your friend would have given you a lot of information of our school and its motto , ways of teaching , etc 
Yes . I am very glad to have the chance 
Hello , Mr . Brown 
Hello . Can you help me 
Yes , I'm here to fix your pipes 
Oh good , come in , please 
Mr . Johnson ’ s office . Cindy speaking 
Hi , Cindy . It ’ s Michael Kurt . Is Mr . Johnson in 
No , I ’ m sorry , Mr . Kurt . He ’ s stepped out for a bit . Would you like me to have him call you 
Yeah , that ’ ll be great . I ’ m on extension 4283 
Hello 
Hi Steve . This is Mike . What are you doing 
Oh , hi . I was just watching TV 
There's nothing to watch right now 
I know . I was watching a re-run . I have nothing to do and I was bored 
Me too . Let's get together and do something 
I'd like to , but I have to meet my parents in an hour for dinner . How about tomorrow 
Yeah . Let's plan something tomorrow 
Did you hear the weather forecast for tomorrow 
I think it is going to be the same as today . Clear and sunny 
That's great . We can do something outdoors then 
Are there any special events going on tomorrow 
Yeah . I think there's a live outdoor concert by the river tomorrow 
Oh yeah . I heard about that too . Let's go check it out 
Do you know what time it starts 
It starts at one PM 
Let's meet for lunch at eleven thirty and afterwards , we can head over there 
Perfect . I'll see you in front of the apartment at eleven thirty 
Can you help me ? This fitting has come loose and I need something to tighten it up 
Let's have a look . Oh yes , you need a 10 mm ring spanner . Here you are . Just leave it on the workbench when you finish 
Thanks for your help 
No problem 
How do I make a good impression in the interview 
You should try to put your best foot forward , and be careful of your personal appearance . At least you should get yourself dressed up . Appearance isnt everything , but it's the first thing an interviewer notices about you 
Anything else 
Don ’ t boast and don ’ t be modest 
What do you mean by this ? You can ’ t do the two things at the same time 
Appear confident and show the interviewers that you ’ re competent . Don ’ t exaggerate things or you'll give the impression that you ’ re talking big 
I see 
Try to be natural , alert and interested 
You ’ Ve given me very valuable advice and I have more confidence in myself now . Thank you very much 
My pleasure . Good luck to you 
Excuse me . Where are the rice and flour 
They are in aisle 5 
Thank you 
When do you usually go to the movies 
I usually go in my free time on the weekends . How about you 
The movie theater is always so crowded on the weekends . I like to go to the movies during the week 
That's true . And sometimes the tickets are cheaper during the week as well 
This place is so quiet and peaceful . It ’ s really different from my pad at city 
Sure , do you think you could live out here ? You know , back to nature at all 
I don ’ t know . I don ’ t mind coming out here for a while , but that will get old pretty soon 
That ’ s what I was thinking . I mean can you imagine Friday night instead of going out with your friends you ’ d have to stay in your tree house and talk to birds and squirrels 
I think I ’ d go lonely if I do like that 
And where would you get a cup of cappuccino 
Now that would be hard to live without . We city folks are pretty spoiled 
Maybe . But I ‘ d rather be spoiled than turn into a crazy guy with a long period to talk to the birds 
Did you hear the news ? Two of our major suppliers , Murphy Music and U-Tunes are merging ! If they are conglomerated into one company into one company , it would have some serious affects on our market strategy 
Are you sure ? Who told you that ? I highly doubt that they would take the step to merge into one company ... They're supposed to be bitter enemies , the strictest of competitors.It must be a rumor.It can't be true 
I read it myself on the financial page.They ' re really going to join together . U-Tunes was bought out by Murphy's , they will take over the company as of next month 
The competition must have been too stiff for U-Tunes.Otherwise why would they allow themselves to be taken over by their sworn enemy 
I guess they must have figured it would be easier to merge than to keep up the cutthroat competition.If you can't beat'em , join'em 
They're very good friends , aren't they 
I wouldn't say that.They seem to be on good terms but actually they always speak ill of each other 
Oh , it's unbelievable 
Could you change these for me , please 
What would you like 
Twenties and some smaller bills , please 
Anything else 
Yes . Could you tell many balance ? Here's account number 
Yes , sir 
Can I have Mr . J . Smith paged ? He said he'd be in the main dining room . I'm Mr . J . B . White 
Who would you like to have paged again , sir 
Mr . J . Smith 
Where would you like him to come 
To the front desk 
Just a moment , please 
Mr . Wang , have you enjoyed your stay here 
Of course , I ’ Ve enjoyed it very much . I ’ Ve met my old friends and made some new friends 
We ’ Ve all enjoyed being with you . When will you come back 
Sometime next year 
I ’ m looking forward to seeing you again . Take care 
The same to you . Keep in touch 
Hello . Mr . Rodriguez 
Yes . Is this Paula 
Yes , sir . I ’ Ve just dropped those slides off at the Winthrop office . Do you need anything else while I ’ m out 
No , that ’ s all right . Paula . Why don ’ t you get something to eat , and I ’ ll see you this afternoon 
Let's go 
Where to 
Hey , Ben ... did you catch the game last night 
Uh ... what game 
Baltimore defeated Texas by 17 points 
Um ... and what sport are we talking about here 
Football of course 
Oh ... football . Football is cool . I usually try to catch the World Cup finals 
No , I'm talking about American football . The World Cup is soccer 
Oh , I understand . I can't say I'm a big fan . I'm from China , and football doesn't have a really big following over there 
So Chinese people prefer soccer or basketball 
Yes , I think so . But to be perfectly honest , I'm not really a sports nut.When I was in high school I played on the school volleyball team . Are you a diehard football fan 
Oh , certainly . I wouldn't miss a game for the world . My girlfriend says I have an addiction . And actually , if I had to choose between her and my games ... I'd probably pick football 
It seems Americans are very passionate about sports . Is this just a part of your culture 
Oh , yeah ! I think the love of sports starts when kids are very young . Americans come from many different backgrounds so I guess sports are something we can all enjoy together 
So can you fix it 
I ’ m sorry sir . This computer is not broken or damaged . It ’ s simply just too old ! That ’ s why your programs and applications are running slow . There really isn ’ t much I can do 
What do you mean ? I bought this computer just three years ago 
Yes , but technology is ever changing and technology is becoming obsolete faster and faster 
OK , I know where this is going . How much will it cost me to get a new computer 
Well , this desktop over here is our latest model . It has a four gigahertz processor with sixteen gigabytes in RAM and a hard disk with one terabyte . Of course , it includes a mouse , keyboard and desk speakers 
I have no idea what you are talking about . I just want to know if it ’ s good and if I will be able to play solitaire without the computer crashing or freezing all the time 
This PC is top of the line and I guarantee it will never freeze ! If it does , we ’ ll give you your money back 
Hello , is Sue there 
Who 
Sue John 
You must have the wrong number 
Oh , I'm sorry 
Professor , where's Canada 
Canada is north of here 
Can you show me on the map 
Sure . Look here . Canada is north of the United States 
Oh , I see . Where's Mexico 
Mexico is south of the United States 
How about Connecticut ? Where's that 
Connecticut is east of New York 
What state is west of Pennsylvania 
Ohio 
OK , Where's Los Angeles 
Los Angeles is in California . It's southeast of San Francisco 
Where's Boston 
Boston is in the northeast part of the country 
Where is Las Vegas 
Las Vegas is in the southwest 
Do you need help with something 
I need help finding a new refrigerator 
Do you see anything that you like 
That Kenmore looks nice 
That is a wonderful choice 
What makes is so great 
It's very inexpensive , and it has all the appliances 
What appliances are you talking about 
The fridge and freezer is very spacious , and it also has an ice maker and water dispenser 
May I take a look inside 
Take a look inside 
It's very nice . I'd like to purchase this refrigerator 
Hi , is this Rich 
Yeah , who ’ s calling 
It ’ s Alex ... Have I got some great news ! We got the Baker account . It ’ s all ours 
Fantastic ! I can ’ t believe it ! That ’ s the biggest account we ’ Ve gotten so far 
Would you please take a seat over there ? There are some interesting magazines on the coffee-table 
Thank you . How long it take to get my son's hair cut 
It shouldn't be long . Thirty minutes , tops . Are you in a hurry 
No . I'm thinking that maybe I can get my hair shampooed 
Good idea . Do you want a wash or a massage ? Massage is especially good when you are tired 
How come 
Because it helps you speed up your circulation 
Then I won't say no to that 
How do you like it 
I feel totally refreshed 
We have discount coupons . 100 Yuan for ten times . Would you like to have one 
This time included 
Of course 
Then yes 
Can I help you 
Yes . When is the next train to New York City 
Let me see ... the train to New York City ... here it is ... daily except Sunday at 10 thirty , 12 twenty and 15 ten 
Aren't there any trains before 10 thirty 
Sorry , not before 10 thirty 
Then one to New York at 10 thirty 
One way or round trip 
One way 
A soft seat or hard one 
How much is a soft 
$ 15 . And for a hard one , only $ 6 
Then one hard seat , please 
OK . Here is your change . The train leaves on platform 8 
Can I see some men's watches 
Of course . How about this one 
What functions does this watch have 
It's a luminous watch with a time-reminder function 
Is it waterproof 
Yes , and it comes with a worldwide guarantee 
I'll take it . Please set the watch for me 
Have you worked out the offers . Mr . Thou 
Yes , we have . Here's our CIF quotation sheet . Please have a careful look 
Are the prices on the list firm offers 
Yes . All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation 
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices 
All these products are our best-selling lines . The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand . And we are always open to negotiate , especially on larger orders . What do you have in mind 
How long does your offer remain valid ? I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan 
I understand . Our offer remains open for 4 days 
Hello , what can I do for you 
Hello , I come to pay my water and electricity fees 
Give me your water and electricity bills , please 
Here they are 
You should pay 160 yuan for the electricity fee and 80 yuan for the water fee 
Do you mean that I should pay 240 yuan in total 
Yes . Will you pay by cash or credit card 
Cash , please . Here is the money 
I get 250 yuan from you , and this is the change , 10 yuan 
OK . Thank you . Bye-bye 
Bye 
How are you tonight , sir 
Oh , not too bad . I'm just glad the weekend's finally here 
I know what you mean . What can I get for you 
Give me a screwdriver on the rocks 
One screwdriver , coming right up . ( He mixes the drink . ) Here you are , sir 
Thanks 
I'm worried sick that she might leave me one day 
I'll teach you how to keep her 
Tell me , please 
After you've solved this problem for me 
May I speak to Marry 
Marry is not in right now , she went shopping with her mum 
Will it be too late if I call around ten this evening 
That's all right . We don't go to bed early 
Grand Theft Auto Three is awesome 
It's more violent than TV news 
What time is it anyway 
Nine-thirty 
Oh , my God , three hours already ! I have to get the chores done 
No time . That's their headlights in the window 
OK , emergency measures . Let's throw the dishes in the trash ! Two birds with one stone ..
Little dude , your life is over 
No time to worry . We have to dispose of this evidence 
Madam , I made a close study of the draft contract yesterday evening . I think there are something needs to modify 
Which terms 
First , about the terms of payment . Your draft contract says that payment is to be made by D \ A . This is not our practice . We prefer to have the payment made by L \ C through a negotiating bank in America 
Good . I will add this to the contract 
The second thing I would like to point out , that is packaging . It's stipulated in the contract that all the computer parts should be packed in cardboard boxes . But I think the wooden cases are much safer 
Well , you are right . Is there anything else 
As far as the contract stipulations are concerned , there is nothing more . Thank you very much 
Well , we have agreed on all the major points 
I've been working hard for a whole year . I really need a break 
That's true . You need to take some time off to relax 
You said it . I'm looking forward to my annual vacation 
When are you going to take your vacation 
Later this month . I can't wait 
I really envy you . You know I'm not taking my vacation until December 
Bring me some toast , please 
Would you like butter or jam on your toast or do you just want it plain 
Spread some jam , please 
Anything to drink 
Black coffee is fine 
Hi , this is Quipu Corp . Is that Miss Zhang 
Yes . speaking . Is there anything I can do for you 
I am calling to tell you the items you are supposed to bring for the interview the day after tomorrow 
What do I need to take with me 
You'd better bring the diploma , identification card and several copies of your resume 
Are you planning on voting 
Yes . Are you 
I will be voting tomorrow 
What ’ s your polling place 
My polling place is at the park up the street 
Oh , yeah 
Yeah , where is yours 
I don ’ t know 
How is it you don ’ t know 
The location of my polling place never came in the mail 
You can always just check online 
Let me go do that 
Good afternoon madam . What can I do for you 
Hi . I want to check out . My room is 1005 
OK . Please hold on a minute . So you checked in on Monday and stayed 3 nights in single room 1005 . Is that right 
Yes . Can I have a look at my bill 
OK . Here you are . If there are no questions , could we have your signature in the blank below 
OK . I would like to have my receipt report , please 
Here it is . We are pleased to serve you here and we look forward to seeing you again . Wish you have a good day 
Mr Edgar , hello ! How's business ? Still booming ? What can we do for you today 
Well , I'm here to get some help from you . I was hoping to have someone who we can deal with exclusively . On a long-term basis , if that's possible 
What we can do is to assign you a customer manager , that way you can just deal with him . You don't need to deal with anyone else 
That sounds perfect 
I don ’ t know what activity my son should take part in 
Many children are learning drawing , dancing , swimming and so on in their spare time . You can follow suit 
But each children has his own interest 
Well , you should talk with your son and let him make his own decision 
I need a snack from the cafeteria 
What are you thinking of getting 
I only want some chips 
I think I may get something too 
What do you plan on buying 
I have a sweet tooth . I want candy 
What kind of candy do you want 
I really want some chocolate 
What kind of chocolate do you want 
I either want a Snickers or a Kit Kat 
The cafeteria doesn't sell Kit Kats 
Then I guess I'll just get a Snickers 
Hi , Charles . What's the matter 
Oh ! ! My car isn't working . I'm waiting for a tow-truck 
Do you have a ride home 
Yes , my wife is coming to get me 
That's good . Do you live near here 
No , we live in the suburbs . What about you 
I live downtown , with my parents 
Do you have a car 
I don't need a car . I walk to work 
You're lucky 
I ’ m hungry , let ’ s grab a bite to eat 
Sure ! How about we go home and prepare a couple of sandwiches 
Nah ! Let ’ s go get a burger and fries 
All you ever do is have unhealthy fast food Pizza , fries , burgers and hot dogs ! You have to start eating better 
What are you talking about ? I have salads some times 
Yeah right ! I ’ m serious ! You should also cut down on your sugar intake as well . You drink carbonated drinks that are high in fructose syrup ! It ’ s really not healthy 
Fine ! I ’ ll start drinking and having home cooked meals that are low in fat . Are you happy now 
It ’ s a start , but I ’ ll be happy when I see you stick to your promise 
Is that the latest issue of Reader you're reading 
Yes , it is . It has some really good articles in it 
I know . I have been a subscriber for the past two years 
I didn't know that . How much does it cost to subscribe 
I'm not exactly sure , but it's not that expensive at all 
I used to subscribe to it , but I cancelled my subscription last year 
Why did you do that 
I was the only person in my family reading it . Everyone in my family just likes to read Fashion 
It's the same in my family . The coffee table in my living room is covered with copies of Fashion 
Hello , Betty , how are you 
Quite well , Tom.And you 
Just fine , thank you.How ' s your father today 
He's much better today 
I'm glad to hear that.Bye 
See you later 
Are you a wrestler or a boxer 
No.Why 
Your muscular shoulders and chest impress me so 
Oh , really ? I go to the rye every day 
Excuse me . I'm looking for an old music box 
Any particular decade 
Something made in the ' 20s would be nice 
We had seven , but we sold one this morning 
Are dancing figures a part of any of the boxes 
You're in luck . Two of them have dancing figures 
Oh , these are great . I think I'll take this one 
Yes , that one is very nice 
Now , does this come with a warranty 
I'm sorry , but you just have to take your chances 
That doesn't surprise me 
Even if it doesn't work , it's a beautiful collectible 
Bill , I must tell you the truth . You failed the English exam again 
Ah ? Really ? That stinks 
Haha . April Fool's ! Did you forget what day it is today 
Wow , you were pulling my leg all along . I was really fooled 
Alright , now let's be serious . Actually , you get high marks in the exam 
May I help you 
What time will the library be closing 
It closes at six 
Does it always close at six 
No , not every day 
Will the library be open on Saturday 
Absolutely 
What are your hours on Saturday 
Saturday ’ s hours are from nine in the morning to six-thirty at night 
All right . Thank you 
What else can I help you with 
That ’ s it . Thank you 
I was trying to find the class on preparing for interviews 
You have found your way to the interview class . Please come in 
I am so happy I found this class because I was really nervous about my upcoming interview 
When we go into an interview , what do you think our first consideration should be 
Our dress and grooming are probably the first thing an interviewer judges us by 
Friendliness and a good attitude are also very important 
Yes , and they help establish a friendly tone for the rest of the interview 
The interviewers always are interested in what you ask them about their company 
What else should I be thinking about 
Be yourself and be honest . Simply answer the questions put to you 
I can ’ t bear it . The driver is too bad 
He must be green . It ’ s lucky that we will get off soon 
Mr . Li , does the recommendation of the university play an important role in job hitting 
Yes . In fact , the recommendation is a way of indirect self-recommendation . The university and the business have a long-term relationship . If you are recommended by your university , you can be approved more easily 
But I doubt the authority because most of the recommendation letters of the university are the same 
More and more people have the same discoveries since most of the universities do that in order to save effort 
We have the orientation this afternoon 
What ’ s going to be covered in the orientation 
The company introduction , our mission , vision , various policies , insurances , pension plan , company ID , batch , telephone , e-mail set-up and training 
Quite a lot . All them one afternoon 
Yes , it is not easy 
It is ok with me . I enjoy being busy and learning new things 
What's going on with you 
Nothing . What's going on with you 
I'm having a party this Friday 
I had no idea 
Is that right 
I didn't hear anything about it 
Can you go 
What time 
It starts at 8 o'clock 
I'll go 
I hope that I'll see you there 
No doubt 
Hello , Joanna . You are looking very charming in the new dress 
Thanks . Does it suit me 
Yes , it suits you very well . It certainly is unique . I don ’ t think I ’ Ve seen anything like it before 
I know . That ’ s why I bought it . I hate wearing the same styles like everybody else is wearing 
And the necklace , it matches your dress marvelously 
It ’ s very nice of you to say so . I should say you are glamorous yourself , as a matter of fact 
Thank you for saying so 
good afternoon ! Can I help you 
could you show me where the Chinese-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat 
this way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade 
oh , they look nice . May I try that back one on 
of course . The fitting room is right over there 
do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight 
I'm sorry . All the back of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one 
ok , let me try it on . what do you think 
oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck 
really ? I'll take it , and I'm leaving here tomorrow . Is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you gte it in 
our pleasure . Please fill out this form , leaving your address and telephone number 
thanks . Who much would that come to 
let me see ..
What certificates of technical qualification have you got 
I have got a computer engineer's qualification certificate 
Have you worked in a computer company before 
Oh , yes , I have . I worked part-time as a typewriter in a computer company when I was at college 
Do you have any ideas on this work 
In my opinion , it has a broad prospect and it needs smart mind 
Good 
This'd better be good . I'm about to fire you all and find another company 
We've brought you a little something from the place down the street , Kitty Cafe-Jamaican Blue Mountain coffee beans 
Mmm , smells good . Sure better than my instant . But please don't tell me this is another coffee-themed pitch . I thought I told you ..
... yes , but this one has an all-new buzz 
Mr . Smith , welcome to our factory 
I've been looking forward to visiting your factory 
You'll know our products better after this visit 
Is your father in the habit of having naps 
Yes , all of us have naps 
Don't you feel dizzy when you have to get up 
No , not at all 
My uncle gave me this bicycle as a birthday present . Look 
So cool ! Can I get a load of it 
I can't believe the boss was absent from today's meeting 
Neither can I 
I can't believe that 
What 
I've never heard Mary cursed anybody . But I heard she cursed another driver when she drove me back home today 
Oh . Why did she do that 
The car behind ours suddenly accelerated and hit our Car 
National Trust 
My name is Alice Lin , and I need to know if some money has been transferred to my account yet 
Just one second , and I'll check 
Thank you 
Brad , wait 
What 
How come you have a locker but I don't 
Mr . Rogers probably forgot to assign a locker to you 
I had to carry my backpack with me all day 
Remind him to give you a locker tomorrow 
Does it have a lock 
No . You have to buy your own . You'll have to go to a hardware store to pick one up 
Could you tell me something about your previous job 
Yes . I worked in a small machinery factory . My work was very simple and there was not much work to do 
Didn't you like it 
No , I thought it was too dull . I'm capable of more responsibilities , so I decided to change my job 
Why do you choose our company 
Yesterday I saw your company's advertisement . Your company is an important international company . Working for it , I believe it can improve my abilities 
What do you know about our company 
Oh , the company is the fourth largest machine producer in the world . It was founded in the United States in 1980 . I know that the company has made good use of advanced technology 
Hello 
Hi Tina , It's Joe 
Hi Joe 
How's the weather there today 
It's really cold . It snowed all day and the schools closed early 
What's the temperature 
It's 30 degrees now . It was even colder this morning 
Have you heard what the weather is going to be like tomorrow 
I was watching the news a little earlier . They said it's probably going to snow tomorrow 
I really don't like the winter . I wish it were summer 
Me too . How's the weather where you are 
It's not too bad , but it's pretty cold here too . It was about 45 today and it rained this afternoon . I heard it's going to be a little warmer tomorrow 
She lives a happy life after marriage 
We all know that . Her husband always make a fuss of her 
Lucky her 
How can I help you today , Sir 
I set up the Personal Wealth Management Service with you , but I'm going to be travelling overseas . I'm not quite sure what I should do . I mean is it possible to still use the service 
That's not a problem . You can use that service wherever you are , it doesn't matter which country you are in at the time 
Really ? In that case , could I have the number of the Service Centre please 
Of course . It's 33234 . That will put you in touch with a Personal Banker 
And they can deal with everything 
That's the beauty of the service ; they can deal with everything , with total security 
That's good to know . Thanks 
Hi Jackie . You don't look too well . What's going on 
It's nothing . I'm just a little stressed out 
Why ? What's stressing you out 
School . Since I was working part time , I had a difficult time keeping up with class . Now that we have exams coming up , I'm totally freaking out 
The best thing to do is study as much as you can . I'm sure you'll do alright 
I hope so . I guess I won't be sleeping for the next 3 days . That's what it'll take 
I have to study for an exam too . Why don't we study together . We can encourage each other 
That will be great 
Hello , it's nice to meet you 
I'm glad we're meeting today . Thank you 
You're welcome 
I would like to talk to you about your daughter 
Is there a problem 
No , your daughter is great 
That's great news 
Your daughter is a wonderful student 
She isn't messing up in class 
Of course not . Your daughter is smart and very well behaved 
Well , I'm so glad to hear that she's doing well 
It is my pleasure to have her in my class 
Hey , man , look , what's on the wall over there 
Don't you know that ? It's all about new office rules 
What does it say 
It says smoking is not allowed in any private offices . It might be the most terrible thing for you 
I can smoke outside of the office . But what else does it say 
If you want to ask for leave , you should get the approval from the manager in charge of your department 
But if there is an emergency and the manager is of absence , what should we do 
The note says you should call your manager first , and then tell him your reason , and then ask him for the approval 
OK , OK , got it . By the way , what about the vacation policy ? Anything changed 
No . We still enjoy 10 - day of paid vacation per year 
Can we have 7 - day holiday on National Day 
Of course . That's what we deserve 
That's great 
I have something else to remind you of . Don't be late , if you are late , you will be fined 20 Yuan per minute 
Are you kidding ? I always get up late . Oh , my God . Can't believe that . That is terrible 
So remember to set your alarm clock 
Come here at once , John . Will you 
Yes , mum . I'm coming 
And bring you homework with you , please 
Oh , must I 
Yes , you must 
Excuse me , I ’ d like to buy a guitar.Could you recommend one 
Sure.Do you want an acoustic one or an electric one 
An acoustic one 
Are you looking to get a steel-string or a classical 
What ’ s the difference 
Well , a classical guitar has nylon strings and its neck is bigger than a steel-string guitar ’ s.It ’ s best suited for finger picking . A steel-string is best for playing chords 
I ’ m mainly interested in learning to play rhythm guitar 
In that case , I ’ d suggest a steel-string guitar.The best one we have is the Ovation 
This one ’ s a little too expensive for me . I ’ d prefer something cheaper for now.When I ’ Ve learned to play , I might get a better one 
In that case , how about this one ? It ’ s inexpensive but it ’ s still well made and easy to play 
Hmm.All right , I ’ ll take it , and this book on how to play the guitar as well 
You should also get a couple of guitar picks 
Oh , right.Thanks for your help 
Don ’ t mention it 
Hello , I'd like to subscribe to a magazine 
What magazine do you want to subscribe for 
Fitness Consultant 
OK , Fitness Consultant . How many subscriptions do you want 
Only one , please 
How long do you want the subscription for 
For six months , please 
Your name , please 
Shirley , that's my wife's name . I subscribe to this magazine for her 
I see . Please put your address here then 
OK . How much is the subscription 
650 Yuan 
650 Yuan ! You must be kidding ! I can subscribe for evening newspapers for ten years with that much 
Do you often go to watch sports games 
I go occasionally when there's a game on near home , but usually I watch it on TV 
Can you recall the games 
Sometimes . But I'll never forget the game in which our Chinese Women's Volleyball Team won the World Cup . It is the most thrilling and exciting game I have ever seen 
Boy , come here 
Yes , sir ! What can I do for you 
Bring me a cup of coffee , please 
Will you have it strong or weak 
I prefer strong 
What can I do for you , Ma'am 
I want to buy a cell phone for my daughter 
How old is she 
She is 17 . It's for her birthday 
We have a new-fashioned cell phone especially designed for young girls . The brand name is Nokia 
Thanks , but I want to have a look at the Motorola's products 
Sure . This is the one I will not hesitate to recommend . Its color and style is so attractive and also the quality is really reliable 
Sounds perfect . I'll take the pink one . Can you pack it for me 
Sure . By the way , here are some free adornments . Would you like one 
Why not ? The Sweetheart pendant matches the cell phone well . I'd take this one 
Have a seat over there . I'll pack it up for you right away 
Thanks 
Good morning . Do you have a small house for the 18th and 19th of this month 
Let me see ... One or two bedrooms 
One bedroom will be okay 
Fine , sir . We can accommodate you 
You do allow pets , don't you 
No , sir . We don't allow dogs or cats 
No problem . I don't have a dog or a cat 
Fine . See you on the 18th 
Good morning . My name's Jason Smith 
Ah , good morning , Mr . Smith . Nice to meet you . I'm Peter Anderson from Personnel . Do sit down 
Thank you very much 
Now , have you brought your curriculum vitae with you 
Oh , my CV . Yes , here it s . There are three copies 
Have you brought your certificates as well 
No , I haven't . I'm awfully sorry . Can I send them to you 
Yes , that'll be all right . Well , please tell me about your working experience 
I haven't been involved in international business , so I don't have any experiences , but I am diligent and I learn very fast 
OK , so do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English 
Yes , in most circumstances.Are you available for business travel 
Yes , I am young , and unmarried . It's no problem for me to travel frequently 
OK . You are good . Hope to see you next time . I'll call you if you get picked for next test 
Thank you very much . I'm looking forward to your call 
If I won the Pools , I'd go round the world 
Would you ? I wouldn't 
What would you do 
Oh , I don't know . I'd buy a big house with a garden for my wife and kids , I suppose . But it's difficult to imagine having a lot of money 
One thing's certain . If I had a lot of money , I wouldn't work any more 
Wouldn't you ? What would you do with all that spare time 
As I said , I'd go round the world 
What would you do after that 
Oh , I don't know . It'd take me a long time to go round the world 
It doesn't sound very exciting 
Anyway , we haven't won the Pools , and we're not likely to win them . So there isn't much point in talking about it , is there 
I'd be happy if I got a rise 
And my wife would be happy if I bought her a mink coat 
Well , I'm not likely to get a rise and you haven't the money for a mink coat , so let's come down to earth and have another drink 
What'll you have 
I'll have a pint of the best 
I'd have a Scotch if I were you . We deserve it 
All right . Make it a double , will you 
I hear you ’ re taking a music class . I didn ’ t know you ’ re interested in it 
Oh , I ’ m not . I ’ Ve never had a music class before 
In my opinion , you ’ ll make it 
You ’ re having me on again 
No , I ’ m serious 
How about a game of tennis 
Okay . Loser has to take out the trash for a month 
It's a deal 
See you in the court 
Good morning , Miss 
Morning . Can I help you 
Yes . I'd like to know how to use the library . You know , I'm a new student here 
All you need is your student identification card to check out books 
Excuse me , here is my claim tag , but I can't find my baggage 
How many pieces of baggage have you lost 
Just one piece 
Can you tell me the features of your baggage 
It's a big leather suitcase with my name ' Lily ' on it 
Don't worry . We will look it for you right now 
Thank you 
Good evening , sir . Are you Mr . Jim Stewart from the States 
Ah , yes , that's right 
Glad to meet you . Mr Stewart . I'm the guide from Pacific Tour Agency . My name is Zhang Hua 
Hello , I was just looking for the guide 
I'm always at your service , sir . By the way , did you have a pleasant trip 
Not bad . But I've made too many flights these days . I could hardly remember how many take offs and landings I've been through these three days . I think we all feel a bit tired 
Well , shall we go to the hotel right now ? I've already made a reservation for you 
Wonderful . I'm eager to take a sauna as soon as possible 
So we must get you to the hotel as soon as possible . I hope to see you refreshed and revitalized tomorrow morning , as we are going to visit the Great Wall 
I'm sure we will . Actually , we are looking forward to seeing the great wonder 
Could I help you on your new project 
I have a need for help with writing and also a need for help with the computer work . Which would you prefer 
I want to help with both 
That would be wonderful . Sometimes we will be working together and sometimes independently . Would that be OK 
Most of the time that is what I prefer 
We start on Monday . Can you be there 
I am not sure yet 
I need your background information before the meeting 
I will do that 
I'll enjoy working with you . Have a great day 
I'm here to conduct the annual census of foreigners living in Beijing . This is my service ID card 
OK.What do you want to know 
We only need to verify your information against our records 
OK 
Please show me your passport and Residence Permit 
Here you are 
How long have you been living here 
Two years 
May I know your occupation 
I'm a professor at a university 
Is that right ? Which university , if you don't mind my asking 
I teach at Beijing Normal University , English composition and some conversational classes 
Everything appears to be in order . Thank you for your time 
There are lots of new teachers in our class this semester 
Yeah , so what do you think about the teachers 
To be honest , I like all of them , except for the math teacher . Though he must be quite young , he seems like an old person . He's so boring 
I think so too . I don't like him either . Well , who do you like best 
It might be the English teacher . What about you 
Me , too . She speaks very clearly and doesn't use very complicated words so that it is easy for us to understand her 
She is a pretty good teacher ! With her help I think I can make great progress in English 
Yeah , I like her way of teaching . She told us not to cram for exams , and to pay more attention to communicating than memorizing 
I think it's a good way to develop our language ability 
Actually , our new math teacher is a good person . He just can't find an appropriate way to teach us 
Could you please stop flipping the channels 
I ’ m very sorry 
Okay , can I ask you something direct 
Ha ! It's not like you've ever been one to beat around the bush 
Fair enough . Give it to me straight . Did she bully you into this 
No , seriously . . . I really want this 
I tell ya , when I got the invite , it really threw me for a loop . You've done a complete 180 
I know . But things have changed . I guess I've settled down 
I guess so 
I'm really sorry , Bob . I accidentally damaged your bike 
Uh-oh . It'll probably cost a lot to fix it 
I'll make it up to you . Let me know how much it costs and I'll give you the money 
Do you shop online often 
Every so often . It is very convenient and the price is lower than in stores 
Are there many things online 
Books , cosmetics , daily necessities , even large electrical appliance can be ordered from online-stores 
Incredible . I really want to survey the on-line virtual supermarket 
Even you can bargain with the owner of one on-line store , although he or she provides ' But It Now ' prices 
What are the disadvantages of on-line shopping 
Some provide wrong pictures for the goods , so many buyers are deceived 
How did I do 
Do you really want to know 
Yes , I do 
You did pretty bad 
Exactly how bad 
You didn't pass the test 
I don't understand how I could've failed it 
There are a few reasons why you failed 
What are the reasons 
The main reason is the fact that you're a horrible driver 
Can I take the test again 
You'll be able to take the test again in a couple weeks 
Can I take your order now , Madam 
Yes , what would you recommend 
I'm happy to recommend the fish , It testes delicious , and it is today's special . Our chef is from the coast , and love seafood . Today special is actually his favorite dish . so I'm sure it is a
It does sound wonderful , maybe I'll try it 
Is there anything else ? Maybe I can interest you in one of fine appetizers , such as the escargot 
Not today , thanks . But I'd like to know any of the vegetarian dishes 
Yes , here's the menu . What would you think of your order 
Maybe I don't want the fish , I think I had the greenbean dish instead 
What kind of soup would you like 
I'd like the egg drop soup 
Ok , is that all 
Yes 
what would you like anything to drink or you wait 
Just nice water , thanks 
I want to find an old music box 
We have a great selection . What decade are you looking for 
Do you have anything made in the 1920s 
We have six 
Do any of them have dancing figures 
Actually , two of them have dancing figures 
That's fantastic . I think I like this one 
A good choice . I prefer that one myself 
Now , is there any warranty with this 
Oh , no , I'm afraid not . These things are just too old to guarantee anything 
I understand 
Even if they break down , they're still works of art 
Excuse me 
Yes 
Can you tell me the way to the Peak Tram , please 
Certainly.Go along Queen's Road ..
Along Queen's Road ..
Yes , and turn right at the Hilton Hotel 
Right at the Hilton 
Then go up Garden Road , past the Cathedral 
The Cathedral 
Yes.Then cross the road at the next traffic lights.The Peak Tram is straight ahead.You can't miss it 
That's very kind of you . Thank you.Er ... have you got a pencil 
Yes.Why 
Can you repeat all that ? I think I'd better write it down 
One of my students told me she was very depressed today 
Why 
Her father is dying 
Oh , that ’ s very sad 
Yeah , she ’ s broken up about it , poor kid 
What did you do 
I talked to her for a while , but she ’ s really depressed . So , I made an appointment with the school counselor for her 
That ’ s a good idea . The counselor is a psychologist . He ’ s better trained to handle these sorts of things 
Yeah , that ’ s what I told her . I ’ m glad she ’ s reaching out for help , instead of trying to deal with this on her own 
Yeah , me too 
What's going on 
Nothing really . How about you 
A lot , like the party I'm having on Friday 
Well , that's cool 
Will you be able to make it 
I'm busy this Friday . I'm sorry 
What do you have to do 
I'm having dinner with my family
Maybe you can come next time 
I'll make sure and come to your next party 
I'll look for you at my next party 
I'll be there 
Excuse me . May I come in 
Sure . Come on in 
I am glad to meet you , Mr.Joey 
Hello , Mr . lie . I would like to discuss with you the feasibilities of establishing a joint venture with your company 
That is excellent , your investment proposal is a wise decision . May I have some idea of your suggestion 
I suggest that we set up a board of directors for the management of the company and share rights and obligations as equal . That is very important 
Good evening . I've come to see Miss Morrison
Oh ! Good evening . I'm sorry , but she is not in . She's gone out to the theatre
Oh ! I've just come back from Canada and I've brought a parcel from her parents
Please come in
But you're busy , aren't you 
I was preparing my supper but I've finished now 
I can leave the parcel with you , can't I 
Oh ! yes
Do you think the bad weather will last long 
I don't think so . It changes so quickly this time 
I hope so . We have planed to visit the square but we have to cancel it 
I think you can go to visit the museum . It's worth seeing . You can go to the square some other time 
Good idea . Thanks a billion 
I am really impressed with your presentation skills 
Thank you . I have been working on it for several years 
Well , your time has been well spent 
It also helps that I have strong team members , such as yourself . You really know your stuff 
Thanks , but I have to admit I am really good at bluffing 
Are you looking for an apartment 
Yes , I am interested in finding a one-bedroom apartment near Washington Square 
I think I have just a right apartment for you 
Oh , good . Can you describe it 
Yes . It has one bedroom , a large living space and 4 kitchens 
So is there a refrigerator 
Yes , it ’ s brand-new 
It sounds great . How much is the rent 
It ’ s $ 8.50 a month 
When can I see it 
We can take a see by there now if you like . The landlord left me a set of keys with me 
Ok , that would be great 
I want to see the man responsible for selling typewriters 
My name is Steven . I'm the Sales Manager of this company 
Well , look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly 
Oh , I'm sorry about that 
Never mind being sorry , what are you going to do about it 
Don't worry , we'll soon fix them 
Good , I hope you'll make sure that it won't happen again 
I'll certainly look into that 
Thank you . Goodbye 
What can I do for you 
I would like to look at some watch 
May I show you the gold ones 
Pure gold ones , please 
OK . Here they are 
What is the price for this one 
One thousand yuan 
That's quite steep . Can you come down a little bit 
I'm afraid not . The price is very moderate 
It's rather more than I was thinking of paying 
We brought the price down only a few days ago . This is definitely a bargain 
OK . I'll take it 
I'd like to check in 
May I have your ticket and passport please 
Here you are . I'd like a window seat 
No problem . Put your baggage on the scale , please 
All right 
OK . Here's your ticket , boarding pass , passport and baggage claim tag . You'll be boarding at Gate 8 . The boarding time is 9 a . m 
Thank you very much 
Well , Mr . Smith . That's a nasty infection you have 
Yes . Is there anything you can give me to get rid of it , doctor 
I'm going to prescribe some antibiotics and some cream to ease the itching and burning 
Ok , thank you ! Where should I buy them 
The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic 
Great ! What floor is pharmacy on 
The fourth . I'll send the prescription down there so you can just pick it up on your way out 
Thank you 
That looks like an interesting book 
It is . It ’ s got pictures of interesting building from all over the world , with brief descriptions of how they were build , their purpose , and so on 
There are the pymeids . It ’ s easy to see how they got that name ! they don ’ t have smooth sides though 
They don ’ t now , but most of them did originally . There ’ s picture of the pentagon in the United States . It ’ s very distinctive with its five sides 
Look at that cylindrical office building . I ’ Ve never been seen one that shape before 
Yes . Usually only towers are cylindrical in shape 
Tv towers are usually thicker at the bottom than at the top . They ’ re not perfectly cylindrical 
This is the world ’ s largest sports stadium . It ’ s a massive oval 
What sports do they play there 
It says here that it ’ s mainly used for big football matches and athletics meetings 
Is that building a perfect cube 
According to the book , it is . I ’ Ve never seen a building that is a perfect cube . Look at the building . From the air , it looks like a square with a semi-circle attached to each of its four sides . What kind of building is it 
Is says here that it ’ s a war memorial . Now , there ’ s a distinctive structure-the stomium in Brussels . See ? It consists of several connected by cylinders . I believe you can go up and down inside it 
Is the table free 
No , sir . Would you rather sit near the dance floor 
I don't think so . Is that table all right 
That's free 
Why do all girls appear feminine after sophomore year 
Because they are full-grown . Look at their curvy figures 
I feel they all talk and behave in a different way 
They suddenly become shy when they speak to boys 
Some even do make-up slightly . Are you aware that previous ' small potato ' Ma Xiaoxiao becomes a piece of cheese cake recently 
She is certainly not my kind of girl 
Stop preaching your dream love Marilyn Monroe to me . I know those sexy women are your tastes 
You are so Platonic . Those naive girls will eventually grow into real women . They can't resist love , and men cannot resist their attraction either 
I appreciate the saying ' Love consists in this , that two solitude protect , border and salute each other . 
I ’ d like to set a fixed time for this meeting before we finish today . Can you all take a look at your schedules 
Thursday mornings are usually the slowest around here . Why don ’ t we set it for Thursday at 10:00 a . m . 
That ’ s out for me . I already have a standard meeting on Thursdays at 9:30 a . m . How about Wednesday afternoon at 2
That ’ s all right for my department . I don ’ t know how the rest of you feel 
Mary , we're going to the supermarket . Do you want to come 
Yeah . I need to get some stuff 
Let's all go together then 
Where's Lisa 
She's getting coupons from her desk 
What are coupons 
They give you discounts on some stuff that you want to buy 
Really 
Because there is a coupon for almost every product , we always bring coupons on our shopping trips 
Those guys thought they would never lose . But we finally beat them . And look at them crying now 
The bigger they are , the harder they fall 
The car isn't running smoothly . I'd like to have a look at it 
What's the matter with it 
I'm not sure . It could be the tires . Let's stop here 
How about the tires 
Nothing serious . The right one needs some air 
I met Mark yesterday . He looked blue 
He ’ s been on the gravy train these years , hasn ’ t he 
It belongs to the past . He lost his job the other day , and he ’ s up a tree now 
It seems that nobody can always expect things to pan out well each time 
I am here to get my prescription filled 
Your prescription will be ready in twenty minutes 
Do you ever deliver prescriptions by mail 
Yes , in fact , you can renew this prescription over the Internet and have it delivered to your home 
How should I take this medication 
You should take it twice a day 
Should I avoid alcohol with this medication 
You need something in your stomach when you take it . Don ’ t drink alcohol with this medication 
Should I expect any side effects 
Sometimes you might feel dizzy , but that isn ’ t common 
Credit Services , how can I help you 
I'd like to apply for a credit card with you 
Would that be our standard card , our gold card , or our platinum card 
Oh , I'm not sure . What's the difference 
Well , the standard card has a lower credit limit , that's 20,000 RIB , whereas with the platinum card you can have a credit limit of 80,000 RIB 
Why such a big difference 
It's all about credit rating and salary . If your credit rating and your salary are high enough , we can offer you the platinum card 
My salary is pretty high and I've never had a problem with my credit rating in the past . Are there any perks of the platinum card 
Yes , we have contracts with various luxury shops and health clubs , where if you use the card to purchase items from them , you can get some healthy discounts 
That's great ; my health club membership is about to expire 
How much is the fare 
Three yuan 
Could you tell me how to use it 
You put it in the slot at the turnstile and then push the turnstile to get into the platform 
Oh , I see . By the way , how can I get out of the platform after I get off the train 
That's very easy . The exit is always open 
Thank you for your help 
My pleasure 
Is there a train leaving for Philadelphia 
Yeah . There's an express that leaves in twenty minutes 
May I buy a ticket here at the station 
Sure 
Where 
Go to window number eleven 
Thanks 
Can you assure the quality of this air conditioner 
Yes , ma'ma . There'll be no problem with the quality 
What if there's something wrong with it 
You don't have to worry about it . We have a one year warranty 
Are you sure 
Sure . We have a good after-sale service . Your satisfaction is guaranteed 
Have you started cleaning up your room yet 
I haven't gotten started on my room yet 
When exactly do you plan on cleaning it 
I have every intention of cleaning my room later 
I thought I asked you to clean your room earlier 
I already told you that I'm going to do it 
Remember to vacuum the floor and dust everything 
I'll remember to do that 
Make sure that you don't go anywhere until you clean your room 
I'll clean my room before I leave 
I'm feeling hungry 
Isn't it time for dinner 
Yes , let's get something to eat 
How about Mac Donald's 
Don't cover up your sadness . Let it go 
I'm sorry 
It isn't your fault . No one will blame you 
You are so thoughtful 
I'm going on a guided tour in the mountain 
You'll see the world-famous magnificent waterfall 
I like the sight and the sound.It worked on me like a magic when I was a child 
Your dream will come true.It ' s really breathtaking 
Morning , Mum 
Morning , Meg . You look not well today ? Are you ill 
No , I am not ill 
Then , What ’ s the matter with you my child 
Nothing 
Oh , come on , baby . Tell me what happened 
I ... I failed to pass the examination . How I wish I had studied hard 
Oh . Take it easy . You can set your aim from today 
Ok , Mum . I will not fail the examination next time 
I may go grocery shopping later 
We need to get food 
I don't think we have any food 
What are you going to buy 
What food are we out of 
Go and look in the kitchen 
Could you look for me 
You should just get the basics 
What would that be 
Get some eggs , milk , and bread 
Would you please make a list for me 
Okay , I'll write it down for you 
Hi , John ! I haven ’ t seen you for ages 
Hi ! Yes , it ’ s been a long time . I ’ m really glad to see you 
I ’ m glad to see you , too . How ’ Ve you been 
Just fine . How is everything with you 
Not bad . I finally bought a house . It ’ s an old one , but built really solid . It is close to here . Do you want to come over for lunch 
I ’ d like that , but I ’ m flying home this afternoon , and I told my parents I ’ d meet them at the airport for lunch 
OK , next time you ’ re here 
That ’ s a deal 
I heard that you moved to Florida 
Yes , I ’ m in Titusville . The space shuttle is launched from near there . I ’ Ve seen a lot of space shuttle launches 
Tell me more 
The shuttle launches are beautiful . I saw one that took off at midnight . The whole sky got bright 
Sounds great 
I ’ m pretty happy living there 
I want to see Disney World , Sea World , Universal Studios , and Weeki-Watchee Springs 
I ’ Ve been to all of them 
I ’ m jealous . I ’ Ve never been to Florida 
The Sunshine State certainly is worth visiting . Come down for a vacation sometime . I ’ ll take you to Disney World 
That sounds great ! I ’ ll take you up on that invitation 
I hope you do . And keep in touch , OK 
I sure will 
Here ’ s my business card . Send me an email once in a while 
Count on it . And here ’ s my card . Don ’ t hesitate to call me anytime 
Thank you . I ’ d better get going . I don ’ t want to be late for lunch . Mom would worry 
Well , I ’ m really glad we bumped into each other . Have a good trip 
Take good care of yourself , Mary 
I will . Good-bye 
Bye-bye 
Did you go to school today 
Of course . Did you 
I didn't want to , so I didn't 
That's sad , but have you gone to the movies recently 
That's a switch 
I'm serious , have you 
No , I haven't . Why 
I really want to go to the movies this weekend 
So go then 
I really don't want to go by myself 
Well anyway , do you plan on going to school tomorrow 
No , I think I'm going to go to the movies 
He's honest , hardworking and responsible . I simply can't find any shortcoming of his as an employee 
I rather doubt it.You ' re cheated by his appearance , I think 
Don't be so jealous . He never speaks ill of you before me 
You look great ! How do you stay in such good shape 
Well , I go jogging every morning , eat a healthful diet and work out in a gymnasium twice a week 
Wow , it sounds like a lot of work . I guess I'm too lazy to do all that 
Hi , Ann 
Hi . You look excited . What's happening 
I just heard that our school will hold a singing contest in 5 days 
And you're planning to enter 
Of course . This is a great chance for me to show off my beautiful voice 
Is there a prize 
I heard that the winner gets a Panda Radio 
Do you think you have a chance 
A chance ? Not just a chance , I'm a hundred percent certain.Everyone says my voice is beautiful 
But you haven't practised all that much 
I still have 5 days to practise . It's in the bag 
Don't be too sure . You're still going to need some help 
Yeah , maybe 
Hello , I would like to speak with Ryan 
This is Ryan . How may I help you 
Ryan , this is Malia , and I am afraid that I am feeling a bit under the weather 
Do you know what the problem is 
I have a horrible rash from poison oak 
Have you had it a long time 
The doctor said that I probably have had it a few days 
Have you been using anything for it 
I bought some over-the-counter lotion , and I am taking an antihistamine 
That will probably take care of your symptoms . I ’ ll see you tomorrow 
I need to get some beef 
Do you know what kind of beef you want 
I want to get some ground beef 
How many pounds do you need 
I would like four pounds of ground beef 
What kind of ground beef do you need 
I would like the extra lean 
Let me go and get that for you 
Thank you very much 
No problem . I'll wrap it up for you now 
I appreciate that 
What are your personal weaknesses 
I ’ m afraid I ’ m a poor talker . I ’ m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking 
Are you more of a leader or a follower 
I don ’ t try to lead people . I ’ d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together 
Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English 
Yes , in most circumstances 
Are you available for travel 
Yes , I like travelling . I am young , and unmarried . It ’ s no problem for me to travel frequently 
Hello , Fife Computers . How can I help 
Hello , this is the Corporate Department of Lincoln Bank calling . We are calling to let you know that some documents have arrived for you at our bank 
Oh , really ? Do you know which company they are from 
They're from Schnitt's of Rudesheim , Germany . Would you like us to check them 
What's the charge for that 
It's 150 RIB for the service 
That seems pretty reasonable . Thanks 
You must be pretty excited about your trip to Europe . When is it that you are leaving 
In just three weeks , and I am excited . But there are still a few things I need to do before I go 
Like what 
Like renewing my passport , going to the travel agency to buy my plane ticket and figuring out what to do with my apartment while I ’ m gone 
You are not going to give it up , are you 
No way . I ’ ll never find another apartment around here . But I don ’ t like the idea of paying three months ’ rent on an empty apartment , either 
I don ’ t blame you . Perhaps you could sublet it 
Yes , but whom to 
Mmm ... let me think . Oh , I know just a person . An old colleague of mine , Jim Thomas , is coming here to do some research this summer , from June to August 
That ’ s exactly when I ’ ll be away . It sounds ideal , as long as the landlord agrees 
Tell you what , I ’ ll be calling Jim late this week anyway , so I ’ ll mention it to him then 
Well , thanks , Bill . Let me know what happens . That extra money will really come in handy 
Do you have any work experience in this field 
Yes . After my graduation from university , I worked as a Customer Service Coordinator in a foreign representative office , and then I transferred to a joint venture as a Market Development Manager . So I am familiar with the market in China 
What have you learned from the jobs you have had 
I learned to be patient when dealing with customers complaints and try my best to solve them . In addition , I learned at my previous jobs how to cooperate with my colleagues 
Does your current employer know you are looking for another job 
No , I haven't discussed my leaving plans with my current employer , but I am sure he will release me 
What is your impression of your present company 
Very good 
What would your current colleague say about you 
They would say I'm a dependable and hard worker 
How much further do we have to walk 
It's about 3 kilometers 
Shall we have a rest here ? I am tired out 
Why not walk further to the tree over there 
Good idea . So we Can rest in the shadow of the tree 
Lucy , I ’ d like to fix the light in the corridor , it keeps flashing , which drives me crazy . Would you like to help me with the ladder 
Monica , wait a moment . I think we ’ d better call the repair man to do it 
I think I can handle it by myself 
I ’ d like you to have a look at the safety manual of our company 
I see . If I got hurt when fixing the light , even during office hours , I wouldn ’ t get compensation from our company since repairing is not my responsibility 
Other company rules also need your attention 
Like this one ? Never wear loose clothes or hair when operating the shredder.Yeah , thank you for telling me 
Don ’ t mention it 
Come on , Tara . Let ’ s go up to the window and buy two tickets . The movie is starting in a few minutes 
We can ’ t break into the line . Don ’ t be so impatient . We ’ ll be at the front of the line soon 
Two tickets , please . How much are they 
Oh no , Ari . I didn ’ t mean for you to pay for me when I invited you to go tonight . Let ’ s go Dutch . I ’ ll pay my own way . I insist 
I ’ m looking forward to this film . I read a good review of it in this morning ’ s newspaper 
Me , too . It will be great to see something light and funny for a change . I ’ m tired of heavy drama 
Are these seats okay 
They ’ re fine , but I can ’ t watch a movie without popcorn 
Have you seen this news article ? Apparently an organization has made a list to name the new seven wonders of the world and people could vote for them online 
Wow , that's really interesting . So who won 
Well , the Great Wall of China , the Taj Mahal in India 
I've been there ! It really is an amazing work of architecture and art . The entire complex is made of white marble and in the interior of the tomb , the walls are covered with gems and emeralds 
Cool ! Also amongst the winners is Petra , in Jordan , Mach Pitch in Peru and the pyramid in Chichenitza in Mexico 
Wait a minute ! It also says that the Christ Re-deemer statue in Brazil and the Colosseum in Rome are wonders . I would love to go to Italy and see the Colosseum , stand in the middle like a gladiator 
Well , let's see if we can find some cheap airfare and we can go towards the end of the year 
Good idea 
Are you going to vote 
Yes , are you 
Yeah , but what day are the elections 
You don ’ t know what day the elections are 
That ’ s why I ’ m asking you 
They ’ re this coming Tuesday 
Really 
Yes , I ’ m serious 
Good thing you told me 
I can ’ t believe you didn ’ t know when the elections were 
It slipped my mind 
You should watch the news more often 
I'm sorry , I'm engaged at 2 p . m 
If you don't mind , let's make it a little later.What about three or four 
Sorry , the whole afternoon is filled up here.Will tomorrow do 
All right 
Let me tell you some more . The interest is settled on the 20th of the last month in each quarter , It's paid quarterly . Of course it also needs to be settled if you cancel the account 
Miao Ping , in your opinion , should we go for the Type A or Type B Account 
Well , the Type B Account is very restricted . If your aim is to use the account the same way as your use your Settlement Account , I would recommend the Type A Account for you 
Thanks for your time . I'll go and discuss everything with my partner and I'll be back later 
You are freaking me out 
You don ’ t like the dog ? I promise I will never bring it with me 
What do you want , Essie 
A cup of coffee and an apple pie . How about you 
I don't want coffee . I'd like some orange juice 
Why don't you drink coffee 
I don't like coffee in this cafe 
It does taste weird 
Most people think so 
All right then , Ms . Montgomery . I ’ ll get those plans over to your office by Thursday afternoon 
Great . That will give me time to talk with my staff before I make final decision 
That ’ s what I was thinking . I ’ ll have them there by Thursday 
Good news . Thanks for getting things done so quickly 
I heard you received a prize for you book 
yes , I did . I won a prize for best local history book at the annual book awards 
congratulations ! You must be very proud of your achievement 
actually , I was happy just to get the book published . Winning the prize was an added bonus 
what was the prize 
I won $ 200 to spend on any books of my choice 
that ’ s a great prize for a person who writes books ! Have you ever won a prize before 
I shared a prize with some friends last week . We won a bottle of whisky at a pub quiz 
I won $ 10 in the lottery last month . Perhaps next time , I ’ ll be luckier and win the jackpot 
Hi , can I help you 
Yes , please . I'm looking for a sofa 
What about this one 
May it be used as a sofa in the day and a bed during the night 
Oh , you want a convertible sofa . This way , please . Over there is the one you want 
May I see your passport please 
Yes . Here it is 
Are you travelling for business or pleasure 
I'm going to visit some relatives here for several months 
Do you have anything to declare ? Jewellery or cash 
The only things I brought were some cloths and my notebook computer 
Did you bring any fruits , vegetables , fresh meats or plants into this country 
No , Sir , I did not 
Good morning , sir . What can I do for you 
Good morning . I want to deposit a sum of money into my account 
OK ! How much do you want to deposit 
Well , I want to deposit 2,000 yuan into my account 
Would you please fill in a deposit form first ? Please write down your name , your account number and the amount you want to put in 
OK . I wonder about the rate of interest of the account 
Interest is paid at the rate of 1 % per annum at present . And it is added to your account every year 
Thank you very much 
My pleasure 
Good morning . May I speak to Mr . Black , please 
Speaking 
This is the Front Desk . I'm afraid that the air conditioning in your room needs repair . We would like to request you to change your room . We are very sorry for the inconvenience 
0K . Well , I suppose I have no choice . What do you want me to do 
What time is the most convenient for you to change rooms , sir 
I'm going out in about half an hour 
What time will you be back 
Oh , around seven o'clock , I suppose 
We could move your luggage while you are out , but could you take any valuables with you ? You may pick up your new room key No . 216 from the Front Desk when you return 
OK . I'll do that 
Thank you very much , sir 
Did you hear the news 
What happened 
Our cousin went into labor and had her baby last week 
She did ? Why didn't anyone tell me 
I would've thought that somebody would have told you 
No , I had no idea 
Well , she did , her baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces 
Oh my God , that's great 
Are you going to go and visit her and the baby 
I think that I might 
Good ! I just thought I'd let you know 
Thanks for telling me 
I'm really tired of my job in the bank . I'm thinking about changing it 
Have you any definite idea 
Not yet , what's your opinion 
I think you'd better try an active job 
What do you think of the most important things to do when running a business 
Well , there are several things . Of course , you must do everything you can to keep costs down and revenues high 
So , do you think workers should be paid as little as possible 
No . if you do that , the workers won ’ t like their jobs . They will be less efficient and you will get a high staff turnover . Those things will increase you costs 
How can a business maximise revenues 
You need to invest in some good advertising . You have to know where your potential customers are and target them . It ’ s no good trying to sell computer games to older people . The market is too small 
What else do you suggest 
Find out what other companies charge for the same products or services . Price yourself near the low end . Don ’ t be much cheaper than everyone else , because many customers distrust very cheap things . Th
What can I help you with today 
My washing machine isn't working 
What's the problem 
The water will not drain 
Is there anything else wrong with it 
No , that's it 
I can come down and fix that for you if you'd like 
When will you be able to fix it 
How does this afternoon at 2 thirty sound to you 
That would be perfect 
Alright , so I'll see you then 
See you then 
Good morning , Mr Bell . How are you today ? Are you here to sort out your L / C documents 
Yes . I've been through them and there's a problem , a rather major discrepancy actually . You see ? It should be KN509 
I see , here it says KM509 
Exactly , if we accept these it could cause a lot of problems in our record and our accounts system because the numbers don't match 
Yes , I see what you mean . You need to reject these documents 
Thanks for inviting me . And happy birthday , Julia 
Many thanks for your present . I'm so glad you are able to come 
So what do you think of my new dress 
I think it ’ s great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I ’ Ve actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine ’ s for a while now , but I wasn ’ t sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment 
Um , ninety-five dollars 
Yes , that ’ s the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it 
I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen ’ s Boutique . I didn ’ t know I could get it cheaper somewhere else 
Of course ! Everything at Helen ’ s is overpriced , and they sell things that you can find at almost every other clothing store ! Why didn ’ t you shop around 
I don ’ t know , I just saw the dress and thought about how pretty it looks and how much I wanted it . I guess I was too impulsive 
What can I do for you , sir 
I am Tim Green in Room 1021 and I want a wake-up call at five thirty AM tomorrow 
Yes , I see . five thirty AM Mr . Green , Room 1021 
I want to change my wake-up time 
Ok , could you tell me your room number and your name 
Tim , in Room 1021 
And when would you want us call you this time 
At six thirty AM tomorrow 
Ok , six thirty AM . We will call you exactly on that time 
Could you please pass me the salt 
There you go 
What time shall I pick you up 
How about 6:30 
That'll be fine . See you soon 
When will I get a raise 
In three months or so 
You said the same thing three months ago 
Did I ? Well . Anyway , you'll get your raise when the economy starts picking up 
You mean I won't get a raise until recession ends 
Yes 
I got the message . I am quitting 
Excuse me . I was wondering how to order office supplies 
We have a requisition form on the company web site . What type of supplies do you need 
I need paper , ink cartridges , and paper clips 
How quickly will you need your supplies 
I need all of my supplies right away 
We also will have to check your department budget . Do you know how much money you have for office supplies 
I will check to see what my budget is 
Would you like these supplies delivered or would you like to pick them up 
Please deliver them to my office 
Fine , well just send the form to us and we will let you know as soon as your supplies come in . Have a good day 
Thank you 
Hello , towing service . What ’ s your problem 
Yes . I need a tow truck . My car is broken down 
Where are you now 
I ’ m on the Highway 401 , close to the Lipton Link 
All right . I got it . What color is your car 
Black 
And plate number 
AKIM 400 
Okay . Just stay in your car . We ’ ll be there in five minutes 
Thanks a lot 
Hi , Celia ! How was your trip to the United States 
It was terrific . I really enjoyed it 
Great . How long were you away 
I was there for about three weeks 
That's a long time ! Was the weather OK 
Yes , most of the time . But it snowed a lot in Chicago 
So , what was the best thing about your trip 
Oh , that's difficult to say . But I guess I liked Nashville the best 
Are you studying any languages here 
Yes , I'm studying in the Foreign Languages Department 
What are you majoring in 
I'm majoring in English 
Is it difficult to learn 
Yes . The language is hard to learn , but it's interesting 
Do you know anything about Britain and America 
I'm reading a lot of books about the two countries . I like the culture 
Right.It ' s important to learn the culture of a nation if you want to learn the language well 
You're right 
We're forming a study group to prepare for the finals . Do you want to join us 
But the semester just started ? Why the rush 
After you try it once this way , I don't think you'll ever put off studying till the end again 
How often do you meet 
We plan to get together once a week 
What days , do you know 
We were talking about Wednesday evenings at the library , from seven to eight 
Okay , count me in 
What will you have 
I don't know anything about American food . What do you recommend 
Which do you prefer , meat or fish 
I'd rather have meat 
Then why don't you try the Chef's Steak Special 
OK . Whatever you say 
Hi , is you , John 
Oh , Jane . What on earth have you been ? I've called you a thousand times 
Sorry , John . I suddenly got a severe stomachache last night , and stayed in hospital the whole day 
But I called your cell phone , and there was no answer 
I know , I left it at home 
Do you feel better now 
It's OK now . Don't worry , John 
I can't wait to go skiing tomorrow 
I know . It's going to be so much fun 
I always get excited the day before 
I used to be like that . But I go skiing so often that I don't get excited anymore 
I only go skiing twice a year , so it's a real treat for me 
That makes sense 
What things make you excited 
Whenever I go to Vegas , I get really excited 
Oh ... that makes me excited too 
Looks like anything fun makes you excited 
Hey Michelle . Good to see you . Are you at lunch 
Oh hi Jim . No I just got back . I thought you were on vacation now 
No , I wish I was ! I just got back from Spain actually 
Oh wonderful ! Have you been there before or was it your first time 
My first time . I've traveled around Europe a lot , but this was my first time to Spain . It was amazing , and the weather was just beautiful ! No rain , and just sun , sun , sun ..
I'm so jealous of you . I've never been anywhere in Europe . I've always dreamed of traveling around and seeing the sights 
Well , I really recommend Spain . You really should go . Anyway , it's been great to catch up , but I must be going , this is my floor . Speak again soon I hope 
There will be a party in my company ; what shall I wear 
Is it formal or informal 
I guess it is a formal one because the general director will give a speech there , and most of the staff will take part in 
In that case , formal suit with a nice tie will be better 
You are right . What about shoes 
The brown leather shoes are OK 
Thanks a lot 
Don ’ t mention it 
Look at that pretty girl 
Wow ! She's gorgeous 
Sorry . The car breaks down and it needs to be repaired 
Knock on wood . But I have a very important date 
Hello , three-five 
Is that Anne 
I'm sorry , I'm very tired . I'm going to bed early . I didn't have good time , and I don't really want to see you again 
What are you talking about ? We had a great time . We laughed and talked all night last time 
It was hardly all night . And I recall it was you doing all the laughing at your own jokes 
That's not fair . We had fun . Give me a second chance . Can we meet tomorrow night for drinks at the pub 
No , I ' m sorry . I'm going to meet some friends tomorrow evening . And I ' m too tired now . I have to go to sleep . Goodbye 
But Anne ..
Do you want to help me make the cookies , Anna 
I'd love to 
First , put away your toys 
OK 
I'll get the flour out 
Let me help you 
May I take your order now 
Yes , I'll have a boiled egg with toast and orange juice , please 
How would you like your eggs 
Hard-boiled , please 
And your toast , light or dark 
Dark , please 
Now or later 
Later will do 
Will there be anything else 
No , that's all . Thanks 
One hard-boiled egg with toast and orange juice to follow 
That's right 
Just a moment , please 
There is a problem in my apartment 
What is it 
A pipe broke in my wall , and water is leaking 
Is the water causing any damage 
Yes , it ’ s creating mildew on the walls 
I won ’ t be able to fix the pipe until tomorrow 
I can call a plumber to fix it right now 
I ’ ll do it for you 
Well , you can ’ t do it until tomorrow , and I need it fixed now 
That ’ s true 
You ’ re okay with me calling someone 
I ’ m all right with that 
How do you like the food here 
I don't like it very much.But every-body likes their own food best 
There are many things I miss . You can't get the ingredients here 
Are you sure ? All the big cities have specialty shops , which sell all sorts of ethnic foods 
Perhaps . i just haven't had time to find them yet 
What are you two doing in here 
We heard you weren't feeling well , so we came to check on you 
I was sitting there giving out nametags and all of a sudden , there she was 
Who , Femi ? Yeah , Yi-jun saw her inside 
All these memories of prom night came back to me . I had to be alone . You remember that night 
I remember someone spiked my punch . You sat with me in the girl's bathroom ..
Excuse me , is there a Post Office around here 
Yes . There's one on the corner of 23th street 
How do I get there from here 
Just walk north for 3 blocks . It's next to the Mexico restaurant 
How far is that 
Oh , very close . Maybe 5 minutes walk 
Excuse me . Can you tell me how to get started using these machines 
Of course . Are you a new member here 
Yes 
Welcome . My name is Johnson 
Nice to meet you 
Do you have any experience using weights 
No , I don't . So I need some help 
Well , first it is important to go through a good stretch.You must warm up properly so that you don't hurt yourself on the machines 
Yes , I know that.Derek just led me through the warm up in the aerobics room.So I'm ready , I think . I can start using the machines 
Alright . Great . Then we must get a card for you 
What do you mean--a membership card ? I already have one 
No . Not that . I mean a training card.The card allows you to keep track of how much weight you use on each machine.Here , let me show you 
I'm ready 
Now , you can see that on this card there are all the machines listed.So , when you go through the series of twelve machines , you enter in the number of repetitions you do.And you also enter in the weight at which you set the machine 
I see . So this card helps me to keep track of my progress 
Yes . And it also reminds you what is a suitable weight for each machine.Today , I will go through the machines with you one by one . I will show you how to use them.And we will determine what is a good starting weight for you 
Alright . Great 
So you write your name and member number at the top of the card.And then , after you exercise each time , you file the card here 
Great . Why don't we start on the machines 
Are you alright ? Can you do more 
I'm sorry . I know there are still seven machines . But I'm exhausted 
That's okay . Don't worry.It ' s important not to push yourself . Especially not at the beginning 
What can I do though ? I don't know the proper settings for the rest of the machines 
We can just go through them next time . It's no problem . Really.The most important thing is to know your limits.So if you feel burned out now , it is good to stop.Because if you strain a muscle or hurt your back , then you won't be able to exercise for a couple weeks . Right 
Yes . I suppose it's best to stop 
Are you a social person 
Yes , I am an outgoing person who likes to be with a lot of friends 
What is your strategy in communicating with colleagues 
Well , the most important thing in communication is your sincerity 
I have to go home now , Jenny . Thanks for inviting me to your party 
I'm glad you came . I hope you enjoyed it 
I had a wonderful time 
Good morning , sir . Can I help you 
Yes , I need to check-in for the eleven 20 flight to New York , please 
O . K . Ticket , please 
Here you are 
Would you like a window or an aisle seat , Mr . Smith 
I want an aisle seat as close to the exit door as possible , please 
Very well . Do you have any bags to check 
No , I just have this one small bag 
Here you are , seat 12c . Please go to gate 23 after passing through the security checkpoint 
Thank you 
Have a nice day 
You , too 
OK , let's find somebody then 
Good . I'll take care of it 
Wait a second , Vince . You know what ? Why don't you let me handle it 
Are you sure ? Do you have somebody in mind 
Yeah . Let me see if he'll do it , and I'll get back to you 
OK . Just keep in mind it has to be somebody who can get along with Elvin 
Don't sweat it . I know just the guy 
What do you think of the former champ 
There were some bad misses in his defence , so he lost it 
No champion can remain at the top for ever 
I suppose he's not in top form 
I have talked a lot about your restaurant business and your friends with my friends . One of my friends seems to be on good terms with Sue 
Is he beating Mark ’ s time 
She is indeed well . But she would not give anyone a tumble , you bet 
I found out when Jim's birthday is . It's this Friday 
Let's plan a surprise party for him 
Can you spread the word and ask everyone to bring some kind of snack food 
That's easy . Anything else 
Will you call his wife and let her know so that if she is available , she can come too 
Won't he be surprised 
I don't know how old he is though 
That's O . K . Maybe his wife will spill the beans 
Do you want any meat today , Mrs Bird 
Yes , please 
Do you want beef or lamb 
Beef , please 
This lamb's very good 
I like lamb , but my husband doesn't 
What about some steak ? This is a nice piece 
Give me that piece please , and a pond of meet , too 
Do you want a chicken , Mrs Bird ? They're very nice 
No , thank you.My husband likes steak , but he doesn't like chicken 
To tell you the truth Mrs . Bird , I don't like chicken , either 
Come again ? What are you talking about ? Aren't we on the same team now 
Guess again , Dave . I have no intention of leaving invoking . Never did 
What do you mean ? You didn't ? Oh , no ... No 
That's right , Dave . I tricked you into giving a confession . And I've recorded every word of it 
But how ? So you knew all along I was with WebTracker ? How did you know 
I saw your green post-it notes . Nobody else has them 
morning , Mr . Winthrop . This is Sally Parker , Mr . Emory ’ s secretary . Mr . Emory has asked me to set up a meeting with you 
Certainly , Miss Parker , Let me get my book . My secretary ’ s out and I can ’ t keep anything straight 
I understand . Would you like me to call you back 
No – That ’ s all right . How about the 30th at 4:00 p . m . ? – Is an hour enough 
I can see you've got some color back in your cheeks 
Yes , I find jogging does good to me , so I keep on doing it 
You've formed a sound habit 
I think so , too 
Good morning , Madam . What can I do for you 
I need to have some money transferred from the UK , from my company . It's kind of an emergency 
That shouldn't be a problem , Madam . I'm sure we can sort this out for you quickly 
That would be wonderful . The problem is I don't have an account with you . That is a problem , isn't it 
Well , to be honest , it will slow things down a little . But it's not a big problem . You can do it by T / T 
T / T ? What on earth is that ! ? Sorry , but I've never heard of it . T / T 
It means ' telegraphic transfer ' . So , if you use this way it's fast and secure and can be done from anywhere , to anywhere in the world 
Dentale Associates . I'm afraid there's nobody available to answer your call . Please leave your name and telephone number and we'll call you back . Please speak clearly after the beep 
( beep ) This is Miriam Lavalle – that's spelt L , A , V , A , L , L , E . It's about an appointment I made with Simon Meredith . I'm afraid I'm going to have to change it . Can you call me ? The number is 01563 566 770 . Thank you 
Oh ! My mouth is on fire 
I feel so good . That warm hot pot certainly hits the spot on winter nights 
I need more water 
Oooo ... gross ... you're sweating all over the place 
It's your fault for mixing the two broths 
You're going to have a little Montezuma's revenge tomorrow morning 
Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time 
What ? Why do we have to do that 
Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour 
I see . That ’ s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock 
That just stands for Greenwich Mean Time . Here in California , we are in Pacific Standard Time , that is eight time zones west of Greenwich . Remember when we were in Beijing ? Well , then we were in China Standard Time , and that ’ s eight time zones east of Greenwich 
That ’ s why it was so weird traveling from Beijing to LA ! Because of the huge time difference , even though we left Beijing at noon and flew for more than eight hours , we still arrived in LA the same day at noon ! It ’ s like we went back in time 
I'd like to talk to Mr . White please 
He stepped out of the office for a little while 
When is a good time to catch him 
In about twenty minutes 
Hello , again . Did you discuss everything with your colleagues 
Yes , yes . It seems that everything is settled 
Have you decided how you would like the salaries paid 
We have discussed it and decided that at the moment we would like the salaries to be paid into the employees's accounts , whether they are currently with this bank or not 
That's not a problem 
Of course , if we are happy with the service after the initial period we will recommend all employees either transfer their accounts to this bank , or open new accounts with you 
Thank you very much . We always welcome new customers 
I am totally fed up with my boss . He has crossed the line one too many times with his sexist comments . This time I am really going to report him for sexual harassment 
What happened ? Did your boss say something to offend you at work 
He constantly lets inappropriate things slip out , referring to the women employees as girls or calling us sweetheart or darling . I doubt any of my male colleagues would stand for such treatment 
Don ’ t you think you are overreacting a little ? Calling you by nicknames shouldn ’ t be so bad ..
You ’ re missing the point . It ’ s about respect . He treats us with such a patronizing attitude , as if we are not equal or not as serious as our male co-workers . It ’ s his attitude that needs to be changed , not just his words 
That ’ s what you get for working in a male-dominated field . I think you ’ ll find that most male bosses in your industry are already conditioned to treat females in this way . You probably won ’ t be able to change him 
Don ’ t you agree that all the thieves should be punished by cutting off their fingers 
I ’ m afraid many people would turn thumbs down on it 
Don ’ t you think in that case , there wouldn ’ t be so much stealing 
Definitely . But I think it is too fierce 
I'd like to rent a car for several days 
What kind of car do you want 
Well , what kinds do you have 
Mazda . Honda and Nissan 
Honda is OK 
That was a great dinner . I didn't know that you knew how yo cook 
I'm glad you liked it . Are you ready for dessert 
I don't know . I'm pretty full . What are we having 
I made strawberry shortcake 
Ooh , that's my favorite . Maybe I'll have a small slice 
Great . Would you like coffee or tea with that 
I'll have a cup of tea 
Do you take cream or sugar with your tea 
Actually , could I have some milk with that 
Definitely . Would you like skim or whole milk 
Skim , please . That'd be very nice . Thanks ... oh no . Janna , I'm so sorry , but I've got to go 
What happened 
I just got a message from my sister saying that she's been in a car accident . I need to go pick her up 
I'll go with you . Where is she 
She's on the M40 , near Reading 
Is she alright 
I don't know , she didn't say . I'm so sorry about this 
Don't worry . Family comes first . Come on , let's go 
Actually , I've only got a two-seater . I'll have to go on my own 
Ok . Just call me if you need anything then 
I will . Thanks a lot 
Excuse me 
Yes . Can I help you 
Well , I bought this skirt here yesterday afternoon . But I got the wrong size . It ’ s too small for my daughter . I wonder if I could refund it 
Yes , you could if it's kept intact . But don't you want to get a bigger size 
I intended to , but as far as I know , all the skirts of this kind here are of the same size 
Are they ? In that case , I'll be glad to give your money back 
Sorry to have given you trouble 
Never mind . It ’ s just my duty 
This is Lincoln Bank , Consumer Credit Department . How can I help you 
Ah , hello . I'm calling to find out how I apply for a car loan 
We offer a Personal Automobile Consumer Loan . The application process is pretty straight forward . I trust you have enough funds to cover the 20 % down payment 
Yes , I do . It's ready and waiting in my account 
The next step is for us to recommend a dealer to you , who are already contracted to us , so ..
Could I just stop you there ? Sorry to interrupt , but I have already been to your appointed dealer and selected the car I want 
That will certainly cut down the processing time . We can move on to the next step . Do you have the purchase price 
Yes , it's 110,000 RIB . So , with the down payment done , I will need to borrow 70,000 RIB 
What we need you to do next is to come into the branch with a correctly filled in application form , ID card , proof of residency , proof of income , the agreement from the agent and of course the 20 % down payment 
Yes , I have everything here . OK , I'll come in and see you later today . Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week ! How exciting 
Could you give me some advice 
The dress is made on your measurement 
It feels all right . But if it were a darker color , I will like it better 
OK , maybe you can try this one on . It's yellow 
Hi ! Susan ! I haven ’ t seen you for ages 
I ’ Ve been really busy . How is everything 
Oh , fine . Hey , why don ’ t we grab a bite to eat and do some catching up 
Yeah , why not ? I ’ Ve got a little free time on my hands . Where do you want to eat 
Let's do something different today 
Like how 
I would like you to give me a different hair style 
What did you have in mind 
Give me a short haircut 
Do you know how short you want your hair to be 
I want you to cut it to a few inches long 
That's pretty short . Are you sure about this 
I've had this idea for some time now 
I'm going to do it , but you have to be sure you really want me to 
This is what I want 
Fine then . Let's get started 
Is anything the matter , sir 
Yes , it's my steak 
What's wrong with it , sir 
It's too raw . I wanted mine well done , but this one here is almost medium 
I am sorry you didn't enjoy it , sir . I will return it to the kitchen and bring you one that is well cooked . How is your steak this time , sir 
Very good . It's done just right this time , thank you 
I am glad you enjoy it . I will tell this to the chef . Would you like some more beer 
Yes , please give me another Calsberg 
Can I bring you some dessert 
No , thank you . I've had enough 
How about some coffee or tea then 
Yes , I will have a cup of coffee 
Yes , Mr . Emory 
I need the number for John Reese ’ s office 
Just one moment , sir . Here you are – 767-4512 
Lisa , I'm so glad to see you . How are you doing 
Fine . I miss you so much , uncle Benjamin 
Me too . We haven't seen each other for years 
It's been 3 years now 
How time flies ! Now you are a college student out of a little girl 
How is aunty Shirley 
Couldn't be better 
How has May been 
She's been good . She is in grade one in Joy Chain high school . And she dreams to be a volunteer in 2008 
Do you have any hobbies ? What is it or what are they 
I am interested in watching TV or other relaxing games 
How do you spend your spare time 
I usually read or entertain myself 
What kind of books are you interested in 
My favorite books are those about detectives 
Well , those books are really good . I like them too . How do you entertain yourself 
When it comes to the entertainment , I think I enjoy dancing . There is nothing I like more than modern dance 
Come on ! It's time to go 
Wait a minute ! Just hold your horses ! What's your hurry , anyway 
Well , I've got to stop and get gas in the car , first 
That won't take long 
Well , it won't if there no line at the pump 
Well , I'm not quite ready 
I'll give you five more minutes , then I'm going on without you 
You wouldn't do a thing like that 
Oh , yes , I would 
It's your turn , sir.Sorry to keep you waiting 
That's all right 
How do you want your hair cut ? Any particular way 
I'd just like a trim and don't make it too short 
How about the sides 
A little trimming , please.Trim a little more above the ears 
Excuse me . Do you know where I can find the nearest ICCC 
Yes , but it's quite a ways 
Do I need to take a bus 
This bus doesn't take you directly there . You'd have to change buses twice . I suggest you walk . It'll take you less than 20 minutes 
How do I get there on foot 
Go straight ahead through the intersection 
Wait , let me write this down ... Alright , I'm ready 
Keep walking till you pass the square , then turn right . Walk past two lights and turn left at the third 
Square ... turn right ... traffic lights ... And then 
Keep walking and look for a tall building 
Tall building ... Which side is the building on 
The right side . ICCC should be on the first floor 
Thank you very much 
You're welcome 
Did you hear that they are going to start an exercise class after work 
Oh really ? When is it going to start 
Next month . I think . Are you going to sign up 
Well , I ’ d like to , but I ’ m going to have to look at my schedule 
I've just got the examination results . I am afraid you haven't passed 
Oh , no ! I can't have failed . surely 
I am afraid so . I am terribly sorry 
Whatever am i going to tell me parents 
Don't worry about that , I am sure they will understand . After all , it was a very difficult exam 
What am I to do 
You can always take it again 
Are you going to the movie theater with me tonight 
Is there anything good playing 
Titanic is playing tonight . It's a blockbuster 
Really ? I want to go , too 
OK , let's meet at the movie theater entrance tonight . Don ’ t be late 
No problem 
( After watching the movie . ) Are you crying 
I get a lump in my throat whenever I see a tragic movie 
Tragic movie ? I think it's a love story 
But their love is touching 
Ah , you're just too emotional 
I am not 
So what did you get 
It's all in the bag 
What's this ? Essential oil ? Wow ! This stuff is expensive 
I need that to relax . I'm going to put a few drops in my bath water 
How is oil supposed to make you relax 
They all have essence of flowers in them 
Mmmm . They smell nice 
Mommy , can I stay up until eleven o'clock 
No . Go to bed right now 
Taxi 
Yes , sir , where are you going 
I am going to the railway station 
Get on , please 
Thank you . Can we get there in half an hour 
I am not sure , sir . Generally we can , but look at the traffic . It's the rush hour 
My train will leave at 3:00 , I'll have to arrive there before 2:50 
We are really in a hurry 
Can't we go faster 
I'll do my best 
Hello 
Is that Sue 
Speaking 
A.This is George 
Hello , George.What ' s up 
How did you know 
It was a kind of sixth sense 
Does it happen often 
No 
Hi , Tim , any news about your job interview 
Yeah , I didn't get the job in the end 
Oh , what a pity 
It's ok , that's life 
How do I know when to tell EDD that have I started a new job 
Work is work , whether it ’ s a part-time or temporary job or a full-time gig 
So I guess I have to report that I ’ Ve found a little bit of work 
All you need to do is fill in the blanks correctly on the Continued Claim Form , and the EDD Office will take care of the rest 
What about if I find a job that I know will only last for a couple of weeks ? Can I take it 
It is to your advantage to work as much as you can 
This website offers very convenient air tickets booking service . It is quick and accurate 
Yes , I once booked there . They give the immediate confirm information and flight information to both your mobile phone and e-mail . You can conveniently pay by credit card , so the whole transaction only takes a couple of minutes . They also provide e-tickets , meaning you don ’ t need to go to any office to pick an air ticket . You go to the airport directly and check in with your ID card 
So it has attracted more and more customers these days 
Yes , therefore they are expanding the scope of their service . For example , hotels can be booked through the same site as well 
Melissa ? I ’ d like to invite you to my wife ’ s birthday party 
Thanks , Frank . I ’ d love to come . When is it 
Her birthday is on the 9th . We ’ re going to have dinner at a Mexican restaurant , and then maybe go out dancing 
Sounds like fun . You can count me in ! Just give me directions to the restaurant 
What are your responsibilities as a secretary 
I did only simple things in the office , such as tidying up the office , serving tea , typing and filing , and so on 
What courses did you take in English secretarial studies 
I took such courses as Secretarial Principles , Office Administration , Business English , and Public Relations 
Is Alice available 
You're talking to her 
I've called you a hundred times today 
I was busy doing something . I apologize 
No problem 
Did you need something 
Did you want to do something tomorrow 
Is there somewhere special you wanted to go 
How about a movie 
A movie sounds good 
Call me tomorrow then 
I will see you tomorrow 
Hey , Mark , long time no see 
Julie ! It's good to see you again . How have you been 
Great . I just got back from a week's vacation in Thailand 
Really ? How was it 
Fantastic ! I didn't want to come back 
I hear the beaches in Thailand are beautiful 
They are . And not only that the people are friendly , but also the food is delicious , not to mention cheap 
I do like Thai food . Did you see much of Bangkok 
Not much . I've go enough city life in Beijing 
I know what you mean . I could use a vacation myself 
Hey , wouldn't it be great if we could go to Thailand together sometime 
Yeah , it sure would 
Which one of them is Marys brother 
The one with a very big nose 
I'd like to meet him.Will you introduce him to me 
OK 
Thank you for purchasing your new mattress with us 
No , thank you 
Would you like us to deliver the mattress for you 
That would be great 
When do you want it delivered 
I need it delivered tomorrow . Will that be possible 
What time exactly 
I need it delivered at 12 
We can have it to you at that time 
That's not a problem 
We will deliver your mattress tomorrow at 12 o'clock 
That's great ! Thank you very much 
How do I use this adhesive 
This is a special adhesive for easing the pain . Apply it to the painful area and change it in every 2 days 
How do I use the lotion 
Apply some of the ointment , and rub it into the skin 
Well , thanks very much 
Not at all 
Hi , I'd like two tickets to Providence , please 
Sure , what time will you like to depart 
What time does the next train leave 
Actually , one just left ten minutes ago . The next one is at two forty-five , debates at five thirty-five 
Ok , could you give me two tickets for that 
Sure , that will be thirty-two dollars please 
Can I help you , sir 
I'd like a table for two , please 
Do you have a reservation , sir 
No , I'm afraid not . Can I sit over there ? There's a table free by the window 
Sorry , sir . That table has been reserved . This way , please . How about this one , sir 
Fine . I'll sit here 
Would you like some drinks 
I'll have a double whiskey on the rocks 
May I help you , sir 
Yes , I have many things to buy . I would like to choose the cleaning milk first 
All right . What is your type of skin 
Dry . That's my problem 
You can use this . It has special effect for keeping your face moisturized . It has this lotion , as a gift attached 
Sounds good . What about shampoo ? I would like to buy the product that prevents scurf 
How about this one ? It is well-known for the effect of removing scurf 
Is it a newcomer 
Yes , it is a new brand 
I do not care the brand as long as it works well 
Anything else 
I want to buy the toothpaste , the brand of Jiajieshi 
Yes , here you are 
John seems to be in high cotton . He may well become a big shot 
I bet my button dollar that he won't . He is no more than a nine day's wonder 
What is your idea 
Many people like him get a flying start but soon disappear 
I don't know what I can do now . I'm down and out 
You are not the gray train , I guess . But bite the bullet and you'll soon be in the chips again 
I hope so . But I'm always caught short 
But the darkest hour is the nearest dawn . I bet you'll soon turn the table 
Oh my god ! It's 10:00 pm . I have to go 
Can ’ t you stay a little longer 
I am afraid not 
Say hi to your parents for me . I hope to see them soon 
Thank you . Well , if you ever pass my home , please drop in 
Yes , I will . Take care , then 
Yes , sure . Have a sweet dream 
Going to the gym tonight , Mary 
Yes , Sally . I want to do some sit-ups and perhaps get in a game of singsong 
That sounds like fun.Would you mind some company 
I'd love it.Working out is more fun with a friend 
I'll get my things and meet you there 
Good.If you happen to see Jim and Bob on the way see if they would like a game of singsong 
Excuse me , Supen 
I hope nothing is wrong 
Please forgive me , but I have to leave . I feel terrible . but ..
What's the matter 
My daughter isn't feeling well 
Oh , no . Is it serious 
I don't know . Will you forgive me 
Of course . I'm sorry for your daughter 
Thank you . It's our first date . I hope it's not too offensive 
Not at all 
John ! Wait a second ! I was just heading downstairs for a cup of coffee . You want to come ? I ’ Ve got some good news 
Sure . Let me just grab my wallet . You certainly do look happy this morning 
I am . Don ’ t worry about getting your wallet . It ’ s my treat 
This is a first ! You must have won the lottery 
Ann invited us to dinner this saturday afternoon 
What should we take 
How about a china vase 
Good idea 
So am I on the right road to Piccadilly Circus 
I think so , ‘ cause I remember the policeman told me this is the very way 
What did he say 
Just head straight up the street about two blocks and then turn left 
That ’ s it . I think we ’ re one block beyond 
Hello , Mary 
Hello , Brian 
Here is my friend Bob 
Hello , Bob 
Well , I've never downloaded music before . How does it work 
You haven't ? If you've never tried it I can show you how 
Alright . But why is downloading music better than buying Cds at the store 
Downloading music is really fast and convenient , and you can preview all the songs before you buy them 
I ’ m so relieved that your ankle wasn ’ t broken ! I feel just awful about this whole thing . I wanna make it up to you . Let me take you out to dinner tonight . My treat 
That sounds great ! I ’ d love to ! Here is my address . Pick me up at eight 
Perfect 
Thank you for such a lovely evening ! The food was amazing , and I had a great time 
Me too.You look so beautiful tonight ! I wish this night would never end.There ’ s something I have to tell you ..
What is it 
I woke up today thinking this would be just like any other ordinary day , but I was wrong . A twist of fate brought us together . I crashed into your life and you into mine , and this may sound crazy , but I ’ m falling in love with you , Veronica 
Good afternoon , sales department.May I help you 
Could I speak to Mr Wood , please 
I'll see a piece available , who should I say is calling , please 
John eng
Hold the line , please.Mr Wood is in the meeting with managing director at the moment I afraid.Can I help you 
Well , I want to discuss with them the new control we said last week 
I don't think the meet will go on much longer , should I ask him to call you when he is free 
Yes , that will be easiest 
Could I have your name again , please 
Yes , It's John eng 
And the number 
01088256798
Ok , you will be hearing from Mr Wood later in the afternoon then , Mr John 
thank you for help.good bye 
You are welcome , goodbye 
I think you should look over these figures again . There are some calculations that are a bit off 
I apologize . This should not have to be this way 
Apology is accepted . Try to do better next time 
Of course , I should have been more careful . I ’ m sorry 
Are you travelling in America 
No , I am on business . I will spend half a month for the business 
What do you do 
I am currently working in a foreign company as a salesman 
I know all the tricks of the trade . It is quite tiring and difficult to be promoted 
Maybe . But it provides much wider space for me to improve the skills and increase the experience . What about you 
I am a reporter at a TV station 
Do you like your job 
Yes , I have good working conditions and I would require a salary at least 15 , 000 $ a year 
Which kind of news do you catch 
I report the social news which means I always interview the citizens of various professions and trades 
Are you feel tired 
Sometimes . News happened out of expectation . Sometimes I have to get up in the early morning while I can't sleep for editing and interviewing 
You have to experience this if you want to be an extraordinary reporter 
That's right . I am still wet behind the ears 
Who's the woman you talked to just now 
She's the one who saved the life of my son at the beach last year 
Oh , no wonder you're so respectful to her 
Could I meet with you to discuss the project 
Good idea . We could meet on Monday or Tuesday . Which day would you prefer 
Tuesday would be good for me 
OK . Do you think we should meet in the morning or in the afternoon 
I think the afternoon would be best 
That will work out . I will e-mail the exact time tomorrow . I need you to bring your plans with you 
Yes , I will bring my plans with me to the meeting 
Should we invite the whole committee or should we just have the sub-committee there 
I feel that the whole committee needs to be there 
Yes , I agree . We'll make sure that they get notified . Can you find the meeting place 
Yes , I know how to get there on my own 
Great ! We will send you all the details later . Looking forward to meeting with you 
Thank you for agreeing to come in and meet with us today 
Thank you for inviting me 
I can see from your resume you were in charge of sales for Corporate World Unlimited from 1997 to 1999 . Can you please tell me about your responsibilities 
Yes . I was in charge of profit and loss for the northwest region of Canada . As a manager , I was directly responsible for a 50 % increase in sales over a four-month period 
What , do you believe , are some of the key attributes that helped you to achieve such an outstanding increase in sales 
I believe persistence and perseverance are key attributes 
Hi , taxi 
Get in , please . Where to , madam 
The international airport , please . I have to be there by 8
I can't promise anything , but I'll try my best 
Oh , that's my stop . How much do I need to pay 
That'll be 10 dollars , please 
Thanks a lot.here 
Hey . Steven . You have a large chunk of money , but why do you still live in the old flat , instead of buying a new villa 
I like to live here and enjoy my neighbors ' company . And I don't think I should waste money just because I have much of it 
But I found you always hate to part with your money . Look at the car you drive ; it's such a junker 
Oh , the car is old but still in good condition . I just think we should be thrifty , whether you are rich or not 
But ... But ..
But what ? Just remember that thrift is not only a great virtue , but also a great revenue 
Maybe you are right 
Where are you going for your holidays , Charles 
To Australia . I'm going to visit my uncle in Brisbane for three weeks 
Good gracious ! You certainly are lucky . How are you going there 
By air , of course . It takes over two weeks to go by sea 
I once went to Singapore by air . It was very exciting-but never again 
Why ? Did you feel frightened 
For a short time . One of the engines caught fire 
What did the pilot do 
He put it out and flew back to the airport . Then he asked the people at the airport where the emergency runway was 
Did you land safely 
Yes , we did . But I shall never fly again 
Wasn't that a great flick ? I was on the edge of my seat through the whole movie 
I would say it was a typical run-of-the-mill Hollywood thriller 
Well , I'm no movie expert , but those special effects were impressive by any standards 
Special effects ? Baloney ! That movie was made on a shoestring budget . They've been using trick photography like that for years
Okay . But you have to admit that it was an exciting story , especially with that surprise ending 
You should read the book . The original story is much better and has a different twist at the end 
Oh , really ? How does the book end 
Read it yourself and find out 
Can I help you , sir 
Yes , please . I'm picking out some presents for my children and wife 
What kind of presents do you want 
Actually , I don't know exactly . Do you have anything recommended 
OK . How about some very cool sneakers for your children ? Anyway , it won't cost you much . It's only around $ 59.95 for each pair . It might be cheaper than that in America 
Hey , How did you know I came from America 
Just a hunch , sir 
How much again 
$ 59.95 
That's really cheap for shoes like those . OK , I'll take 5 pairs 
Sorry , sir 
Why not 
Because in this duty-free shop , your total expenditure cannot be over $ 300 and you also have one more present to buy for your wife 
Oh , my God . I've totally forgotten about that . Anyway , I think she would like a bottle of perfume 
That's good . And I can also recommend you a good one . It's the brand of DENY 
DENY ? That's very expensive in America . It costs nearly $ 70 for only 50ml 
It's $ 60 here 
That's very unbelievable . Is it fake 
Of course not , sir 
OK , I'll take one 
Do you like to dance 
Sometimes , if there's music playing 
What kind of dancing do you like 
It all depends . If it's rock music I'll do disco , and if it's romantic music I'll do ballet 
Pardon me . Does your hotel have a fitness facility 
Yes , sir . We try to anticipate all our guests ' needs , including fitness 
Great ! Where is it 
Sir , the gym is just below the lobby . You can take the elevator or the stairs 
Do I have to pay extra 
No , sir . It's gratis . Just take your room key so you can get in 
What are the gym hours 
You'll be happy to know that it's open 24/7 
Great ! Is a trainer available 
I'm sorry , but no . We used to have a trainer , but then he had an unfortunate accident 
I want to buy some jewellery 
What kind of jewellery do you like to have 
I should like to look at some bracelets 
May I show you gold ones or platinum ones 
Gold ones 
Pure gold or carats 
Pure gold ones , please . This is so beautiful . I'll take it 
OK 
How much is it 
1336 yuan 
Have you finished your work 
Not because I ’ m keeping an eye on the baby 
Where is the baby ’ s mother 
She is at the supermarket downstairs . She said she would be back in about half an hour 
Look how fast that car can accelerate 
I've never seen anything like it 
Good afternoon . May I help you 
Yes , I ’ m here to see Joanna Stevens . I have an appointment at four 
Certainly , may I take your name ? I ’ ll let her know you ’ Ve arrived 
Sure , it ’ s Josh O ’ Neil 
Ms . Stevens will be with you momentarily . Can I offer you something to drink 
Yes , a coffee would be nice , thank you 
Here you are . Ms . Stevens is ready for you now . I ’ ll show you to her office , right this way 
I think it's important that all people have the ability to read 
I agree with you , but that's easier said than done 
I'd like to purchase a pan 
Is there any particular size that you want 
Well , I cook a lot of big meals 
What do you think of this one ? It's a 16 ” pan 
Yes , that's the right size , but it's so heavy 
Well , look at our aluminum pan . It's much lighter 
Yes , this is very light . But the handle is also aluminum 
No problem . Look at this one . Same pan , but with a lightweight wooden handle 
Great . This is exactly what I was looking for . I'll buy it 
I think you'll love this pan . Do you want to pay with cash 
Yes . Oh , wait a second , please . What about a lid 
I'm sorry . I forgot to show it to you . Here it is . It comes with the pan 
What companies are stockholders in this company , do you know 
Yes , the main stockholder is International Business Machines Corporation , namely , IBM for short 
What section would you like to work in if you enter this company 
I wish to work in the planning department 
What type of work will you expect to do at first 
I expect to operate computers 
What are your plans for the future 
I wish to move up to higher positions with acquisition of more experience in the future 
How long does it take to get here from your home 
It's a twenty-minute bus ride 
How long do you think that we can depend on your working here 
I ’ ll work here as long as you expect me to 
You are single now , but what will you do when you get married 
I ’ Ve thought about that a lot . I know that many women take a job , planning to make a career of it , and then they change their mind . But I am hoping to make it my lifetime work . So if I get married , I will find some ways that I can continue my work 
Do you think you will want to continue working here even after you ’ Ve had a child 
I think so 
What ideas do you have if we employ you 
Ever since I was a young girl , I ’ Ve been clever with my hands . I ’ Ve always enjoyed doing detailed work . If I could use that ability to make your products a little better and to benefit the company , I would be happy 
Do you have any particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration 
No , nothing in particular 
If you are employed by us , how are you going to do your part of the work 
I'll first get further information about our goals , ways , counterparts and management , etc . . Then I ’ ll make my plan . And then I ’ ll go with all my effort to see it is realized 
If you fail to do your work well , what are you going to do 
I ’ ll report it honestly . I ’ ll give a correct analysis . I may quit the job - and pay compensation . But I have my way to judge whether I fail 
What do you think if you do not have much spare time on this job 
People are supposed to work hard within regular work time , especially when it is an important work that is highly paid for . I don ’ t mind work over spare time if it is paid for 
What are your expectations from working on this job 
Getting more experience with a widely-known company like yours . Using my speciality in marketing and management . And getting advancement in salary and position . Show my enterprise , confidence and character in passing 
If you were choosing a person for this job , what kind of individual would you select 
I would select the individual that has the most qualifications among all the applicants . He doesn ’ t have to be the person if we have to fill the vacancy . But he has to be the best , even if we have to pay him higher 
If we do not employ you , what are you going to do 
I will feel it is a pity . But I will not feel so bad . I will go for other interviews until I am employed satisfactorily . Hopefully before I find another position , you will call me back 
I'm in 507 . I have a few problems with my room 
What is that problem , sir 
There are cockroaches in my room 
Are you sure , sir ? Flies I could believe , but cockroaches 
I've counted nine different cockroaches , and I accidentally stepped on another one 
Sir , we run a spotless and cockroach-less hotel 
You dare to doubt me 
I'm sorry , sir . Let me transfer you to my supervisor 
May I help you , sir 
Fill it up with regular , please 
Should I take a look at your battery 
No , thanks . I'm in a hurry 
Your car is ready 
Good ! How much is it 
250 yuan , please 
That is expensive 
You should know about the oil crisis 
Don't open any of my forwards ! I got a virus 
Don't tell me you got the dreaded Bush virus . I've heard that that bug is threatening to infect the world 
Yes , that's exactly the bug I got . Though , I do kind of like the pictures 
Those clothes do suit him better 
Wait a second-are these pictures copyrighted 
Probably not . It's off the Internet . What difference does it make 
Are you doing anything tomorrow morning ? I'm wondering if you'd like to come to my office to discuss the new project 
Tomorrow morning ? What about tomorrow afternoon 
Then I'll see you in the afternoon 
OK 
Hi , I haven't seen you in a while 
Yes , it has been a long time 
How long has it been since we last saw each other 
I think that we last saw each other two years ago 
What have you been doing for the past two years 
I have been going to graduate school at USC 
What are you majoring in 
I am studying international communications 
You should easily be able to find a job with that major 
I am counting on being able to get a good job 
Good morning , what can I do for you 
I want to buy a car to facilitate my life . But I don't have enough money . Could you supply a loan to me 
Oh , I see . Would you mind telling me your monthly salary 
Sure . 7,000 yuan per month 
OK . We can supply you a loan . How much do you want to loan 
200,000 yuan . By the way , what about the interest rate 
It's only 4.5 % for one-year loan . Do you want to apply now 
Yes , I think so 
OK . Please fill out this loan application 
All right . Thank you 
My pleasure 
What are you doing tomorrow 
Nothing really 
Let's watch a movie or something 
What's on these days 
I think they're playing Lord of the Rings
That sounds pretty good . Let's watch that 
Where should we meet 
How about at the subway entrance 
Aright . I'll meet you there at one o'clock 
Did you tell others that we are getting married soon ? You have such a big mouth 
I am so sorry about that . It was just a slip of the tongue 
Welcome to Al ’ s Garage . What seems to be the problem 
No problem at all ! I am taking a long road trip and I want to make sure my car is in good mechanical condition 
Very wise decision . When was the last time you had a tune up 
Not that long ago , I think it was four months ago 
We usually recommend that you bring your car in every five thousand kilometers 
Why ? I mean , what exactly do you do to a car that you need to check it so often 
First of all , we change the motor oil and oil filter . If you don ’ t do this , it can cause your engine to wear faster and that means you would probably have to change the pistons and intake valves 
I see . What else 
We also check your spark plugs , fuel filter , and other oil levels such as hydraulic fluid . We also check the clutch and brakes to determine when you will need new ones 
Ok , well , when you put it that way , it doesn ’ t seem like a waste of time and money 
Trust me , regular tune ups will keep your car running smoothly and avoid break downs 
Thank you . You do me a big favor 
That was a cake walk.It ’ s nothing to speak of 
Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films . So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive 
What you said is true . But the film producers there are more flexible ways to get more audience . For example , to make more movie Ccds , so people will spend money buying them 
But it is true that cinemas are losing the attraction they used to have in the past 
Yes . Take myself for example . I seldom go to cinemas , but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead , I see films at home-watching Ccds 
Excuse me , is this personnel division 
Yes . What can I do for you 
I came about your advertisement for a senior production planner 
What ’ s your name 
My name is Li Jean 
You have been in Peking University , hadn't you 
Yes , seven years 
What degree do you have now ? 
Master of Marketing Management 
Do you have any experience in this field 
Yes . I worked at AB Company 
Why are you interested in the position 
Because you need a senior production planner who is good at mathematics and fluent in English . I think I am fit for the position 
All right . If we decide to hire you , we'd pay you 5,000 yuan a month at the start . How do you think about it 
That's very good 
Would you like a lift home 
That would be great . Thanks 
Oh dear , my weight has gone up again 
I am not surprised , you eat too much 
And I suppose sitting at the desk all day in the office doesn't help 
No , I wouldn't think so 
I do wish I could lose weight 
Well , why don't you go on the diet 
I've tried diets before but they've never worked 
Perhaps you should excercise more . Why don't you go to an exercise class 
Yes , maybe I should 
Do you use an anti-virus program to protect your computer 
Yes , I do . I also use an anti-spyware program and a firewall . There are so many nasties on the internet and so many people who are trying to use the internet to hurt other users . You have to be very careful and keep you computer clean 
How often do you run your anti-virus program 
I usually run it every few days . It finds a virus about half the time 
Which anti-virus program would you recommend 
How you tried this one ? It ’ s very good and you can download it for free on the internet . You can also download updates for free 
That sounds very good . Which website should I visit to download it 
Just a minute ... go to this one . I ’ ll send you an email with the line in it . It only takes a few minutes to download . Then you have to go through the set up procedures . But they are not complicated 
What do you use your computer for 
I use it for several things-surfing the net , word processing and creating presentations . I don ’ t play many games on my computer , but I do a lot of work with photographs . Using c computer program , you can edit and resize photographs . You can also make them brighter or darker and cut pieces from different photographs to create new ones 
Computers are great , aren ’ t they ? I should download some program and learn how to use them 
At last ! The weekend comes again 
Yes . What will you do these two days 
After five days ' hard work , I'm surely going to have some fun 
But I'd prefer to stay at home and have a good rest 
It is so quiet here . I like the place 
Me too 
I can't stand the loud noise in the city 
Yes , sometimes I can hardly get asleep at night 
I hope I can stay here longer 
When will your vacation end 
The day after tomorrow 
You will go back tomorrow , right 
Yes , you are right 
Please do excuse me for a moment . I've got diarrhea 
It's easy to get loose bowels in summer 
It may have something to do with the food I had last night
You ’ Ve got to be careful on the food you eat 
I will . Thank you 
Good morning , sir . Is there a bank near here 
There is one . 5 blocks away from here 
Well , that's too far.Can you change some money for me 
Surely , of course . What kind of currency have you got 
RIB 
How much would you like to change 
1000 Yuan.Here you are 
Would you like to go to a concert tonight 
I'd like to very much 
All right , then.There is one at the new concert hall 
Who's playing 
It's the Powell orchestra 
Do you know what they are playing 
They're doing a seventeenth-century program 
And who is directing 
Well , I'm not sure of his name , but I know it's going to be his farewell performance 
hey , Lucas , how was your trip to Paris 
it was wonderful , but I was so tired 
did you go to the top of the Eiffel Tower 
yes , that was the first thing we did . We went all the way to the top . There were visitors from all over the world taking photos there 
what else did you see 
art galleries , cathedrals , statues , fountains , palaces , bistros , there's really too much to say 
you must have had a great time 
yes , at the beginning we were all excited and had lots of fun . However , on the third day of traveling in the city , I felt sick . I think I had something bad to eat , but it passed by the evening 
yes , you need to be careful with what you eat when you're abroad . Sometimes new food might disagree with you 
on the fouth day , we went to taste the French cuisine . That was really fantastic ! And no stomach problems 
that is great . Everyone says French food is wonderful 
you'll have to try for yourself some day 
Hello , John . How are you 
I'm fine , thanks . And you 
Very well , thanks . Nice to see you again . I haven't seen you for a long time . What have you been doing lately 
Oh , nothing much really . And how is everything with you 
Fine , thanks . I've been busy lately 
What have you been doing 
I've been studying for my exams . My school exams will begin next month 
Really ? Good luck for them 
Thanks . And how are your parents 
They're both very well , thanks 
Where are you going now 
I'm going to do some shopping.Why don't you come with me 
I can't . I have to meet someone 
It's been nice talking to you 
Good-bye . See you again sometime 
Hello , Sir . What can I do for you today 
I need to find a new way of getting my insurance 
We've just started a new business at this bank , Bank-Insurance Link 
Could you give me some details about that 
Certainly . It could really benefit someone like you . Besides insurance for you , you can also get more or less dividends from the insurance company 
That sounds great . More dividends if I want to purchase them 
There are two different types that we are offering at the moment , Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit 
I'll go through the materials that you have given me and return shortly . Thanks 
Are you watching the soccer match tonight ? It must be the most exciting one in this season 
Well , of course I can ’ t miss it . Which team are you for 
Manchester United . What about you 
Me too . Do you think they are going to get the championship this time 
I have confidence in them 
I hear little Bob has recovered 
That's a great relief . I was worried about him 
The operation was very successful 
His parents must feel very happy 
It's such a nice day 
Yes , it is 
It looks like it may rain soon 
Yes , and I hope that it does 
Why is that 
I really love how rain clears the air 
Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains 
Yes , but I love the night air after it rains 
Really ? Why is that 
Because you can see the stars perfectly 
I really hope it rains today 
Yeah , me too 
The Spring Festival is drawing close . By then we will have five days off . I am expecting it 
Can you tell me something about the Spring Festival 
Just like you celebrate Christmas , we celebrate our lunar New Year's Day , the Spring Festival . It is a time for the family members and relatives to have a get-together 
Christmas is also a special time for us to have the family reunion and to express our best wishes to those we love and those who love us in the coming new year 
Christmas has more religious nature , while our Spring Festival is a more traditional holiday . On the New Year's Eve , we have a big dinner called ' Family Reunion Dinner ' . One of the traditional food to eat at the dinner is dumplings . After that , the adults usually sit chatting , watching TV , or playing cards 
What are the children doing 
They usually go outside to play firecrackers and fireworks 
I heard one of the purposes to do it is to frighten the devils so they will not come to do any harm to people in the next year 
Perhaps it is like what people told you . At 24 hours midnight , the time when the New Year really comes , we exchange ' Happy New Year ' to each other , and parents and grandparents will take out small packages wrapped with red paper , in them are some what we call ' Lucky Money 
Who will get the money 
Of course the children 
OK . Here's the final drawing ! It's for the trip 
And the winner is ... Vivian , again ! I don't believe it 
Our red underwear didn't do any good at all 
Well , there are still some consolation prizes . We can go up to the front and pick them up 
So , what did you win 
A lousy desk lamp . And you 
A bar of soap 
Look at Vivian ! She thinks she's the cat's meow 
Why don't you go talk to her and find out what her secret was this year 
Bill , please 
Please wait a moment ... here is the bill . Please check it 
Excuse me , what's this item for 
For three bottles of Tsingtao beer 
But we've can canceled one bottle 
Oh , I'm sorry . Let me go back to the cashier's to have it changed . ( a few minutes later , the waiter returns with the new bill . 
I'm sorry for the miscalculation . Here's the new bill . Would you mind checking it again 
That's all right 
If you're staying at our hotel , you may sign the bill 
Good morning , Felix Wasserman Associates . Beth Jennings speaking 
This is James Hong calling from Lincoln Bank 
Hello , Mr Hong . What can I do for you 
I'm calling to let you know that the funds for NX567822100007 have arrived 
That's great ! That was quick , after it not being there yesterday I wasn't expecting to hear from you for a while 
Well , it's here now . Shall we credit that straight to your account 
If you could , please . That would be wonderful , thanks 
Hey , Joe ! Where have you been these past few days 
I ’ Ve been busy with a first aid course that I started about a week ago at the Red Cross 
Cool ! I ’ Ve always wanted to do something like that ! Have you learned anything useful 
For sure ! I mean we ’ Ve learned how to apply pressure to stop bleeding , how to check for a pulse , and even how to apply CPR 
Have you treated any real emergencies 
Well , they took us along with some paramedics.There was this guy who fell off his motorcycle and suffered a concussion as well as a couple of compound fractures . His wounds were pretty serious so they had to rush him to the hospital . It was intense 
I can imagine ! I tend to faint when I see blood , so I think I won ’ t be taking up a course like that anytime soon 
Hello , who is speaking 
Hello , this is John . I want to speak to Linda 
This is her 
Hi , Linda , I'm just calling to invite you to a dinner party tomorrow evening 
Really ? What time and where 
7:30 PM at London-Chinese restaurant . I \ ' ll be at your place at seven to pick you up if you need a ride 
Yes , please , I'll need a ride . I'll be waiting for you then 
See you tomorrow at seven . Make sure your dress a little formally . I heard the restaurant is kind of upscale 
Thank you , see you then 
See you 
Mom , you know that Andrea and I sometimes worry about you 
Really ? Why would you worry about me ? I ’ m just fine 
You ’ re almost 70 years old , Mom ! Don ’ t you think it would be better for you if you moved in with us 
No way ! I like my apartment , and I like to be independent 
Do you ever get lonely living alone 
Not at all . I see you and your family twice a week , and I enjoy seeing my own friends . I ’ m too busy to feel lonely 
Did you watch the live telecast of the World Cup last night 
I missed it . I watch a live show of a concert 
What's the band called 
Love Music Woman
Hi , sorry to have kept you waiting 
That's all right 
How are you 
Fine , and you 
Did you lock the doors 
All except the back door . I left that open for Tim . He took the dog for a walk 
Well , I ’ m going on to bed . I ’ m beat 
Ok , I ’ m going to stay up awhile . I ’ Ve got to go over the household budget , We ‘ re a little over-spend this month 
Please told Tim to close the door to the basement . I don ’ t want dog down there tonight 
Ok , Good night , see you at breakfast 
How are you , Mr . Zhang 
Very well , thank you . And you 
Fine , too , thanks . We met one year ago . We both took part in a party held by our company last year 
That's right . How nice to see you again 
Me too . How is your family 
they are doing well 
Say ' hello ' to them for me 
Of course . They will be happy you asked about them 
Oh , no ! Now I'll be late 
Can I give you a hand 
Yes , I'd appreciate it if you could drive me downtown 
Sure thing . I've got time 
Hello , Elitherbeth How are you 
Fine , thanks 
Are you sure you ’ re alright . You look a bit worry today ? Is anything wrong 
Well , Yes . There are something wrong actually . Perhaps you can give me some advice 
of course if I can 
Well , Last night when I returned from thetheatre I found I lost my wallet 
Oh dear . That ’ s terrible . What was in your wallet 
Well , some money of course , a vise , all my identity cards and some photos 
Well , If I were you , I would go to the police station straight away and calling 
Yes , I have already done that and they already look for it . I ’ ll leaving soon and I need my vise and identity cards badly 
Oh dear . What a pity . Are you sure you lost your wallet in theatre 
Yes , quite sure 
I think you should put an advertisement in china daily . Things where you lasted 
But that takes too long 
Wait a minute , My uncle lives in Beijing and he lives very close to theatre . I ’ Ve telephone here and ask him to go to theatre to require it . We ’ d better have breakfast now . and meet him later 
Hi there ! My name ’ s Terry Graham . You ’ re new around here , huh 
Yes . My name ’ s Mark Benson . I just started a couple of weeks ago 
Well , if there ’ s anything I can do for you , let me know 
Thanks , I appreciate that 
I heard that your previous manager was very capable , he is a good manger 
That ’ s a matter of opinion 
What do you mean 
I worked with him for two years . That was the worst time in my career 
How you celebrate your Valentine ’ s Day with your wife 
I will take a rain check 
what's your favourite steps 
it's hard to say , but i do love foxtrot and waltz 
how about rock and roll 
to tell the truth . i don't like it , it's too noisy 
and can you dance tango 
oh , it's really beautiful . but i just can't dance it well 
don't be so modest . i am sure you can dance it very well . then i'll see you at six . is that all right 
ok 
great . i am your lucky fellow then 
Would you mind if I smoked 
I'd rather you didn't 
What are you doing 
I ’ m trying to put the vase on the shelf 
Let regive you a hand 
No , thank you . I can manage it , I think 
Why do you want to spend your summer days in a mountain village 
I think a mountain village is splendid 
I don't agree with you . It's too small to live 
It has fresh air , and it is nicer than a big town 
I disagree , a big town is more lively 
But I like the small mountain village . The big town is noisy . How charming it is when walking along the hill 
Well , alright , I agree with you about that , but I still prefer a big town 
Have you met the new girl 
No . Have you 
She's one of the prettiest girls at the school 
What does she look like 
Well , she's quite short 
How tall would you say that she is 
I would say she's only 5 feet 
What about her facial features 
She has light brown eyes , absolutely beautiful 
I think I know who you're talking about 
Have you seen her 
I think that I have 
Could you tell me something about investment environment of your country 
Our country is a free trade nation . She was mainly agriculture and rather a backward country and mow has developed into a modern highly industrialized state with an expanding economy . Parallel to this , her dependence upon foreign trade has increased . Increased output generates a greater need for raw materials , semi-finished products and capital goods . Thus . in many fields , our country is an important and growing market for exporters from other countries . But this doesn't mean that our country is an easy market , because of a liberal import policy and the high standard in our market is keen 
Well , what about price 
The price factor can be a useful instrument for exporters when trying to place their products in industrialized countries . Of course , marketing goods abroad is not only a question of price . There are also other important factors such as design , quality of goods , terms of sale , transport and insurance 
Waiter , we have been waiting for 20 minutes . Would you mind hurrying 
I am sorry , sir , the fish you ordered will take a longer time because we make it with fresh fish 
That's fine . Would you please bring me some wine 
Sure , is dry white wine OK 
Yes . Thank you 
We need to figure out how much money we are spending and what we are spending it on 
Why 
Well , I think we could be saving more 
Really ? Well . Ok . Get the receipts out 
Let's see . We spent 700 dollars for our home loan payment , 400 on groceries , 75 on utilities , 250 on gasoline , 100 on books and 300 on entertainment last month 
That's 1,825 dollars 
We put 500 into the savings account and 750 into our stock account 
3,075 . Our paychecks are 3300 combined . That means we don't have any receipts for 225 
Right 
Good afternoon . How can I help 
Hi there . I need to change some dollars into local currency . Can I do that here 
Yes , you can . Is that US dollars or HK dollars ? Both are available for exchange to RIB . How much would you like to exchange 
Well , that depends . What's the rate like today 
Today's rate is 821.32 USD to 100 RIB , which isn't bad 
That sounds pretty good . OK , I'll change 500 USD today , thanks 
A Westerner said to his Chinese friend . “ Chinese people slurp when drinking soup . It ’ s disgusting . ” The Chinese friend replied , “ Westerners make a lot of noise licking their fingers when eating . It ’ s even worse . 
Everyone has his own habits , but these habits are not very good . The noise often spoils other people ’ s appetite 
I attended a course on table manners while I was in the United States . Some of the things we learnt included how to place the napkin and utensils and how to pass the bread . Before each course , the teacher would ask if we wanted to learn the Continental European way or the American way . We always said “ American way . ” It ’ s amazing that everyone is so used to their own table manners . What is the Chinese way 
The westerners use knives and forks to eat so it is complicated . The Chinese use a pair of chopsticks and eat out of the same plate . I assume it is less complicated , right 
Not really . I did some research about Chinese table manners . The important rule is to remain silent while eating . Of course , this refers to family meals only . Not talking over meals is supposed to be good for the health . It is impolite if people do not talk to each other during a social party . The table arrangements and serving order for a social party are equally complicated . Each dish should be placed in the correct position . When fish is served , the tail should be pointing at the guest because tail meat is supposed to be tasty . If it is in winter , the stomach should face the right-hand side of the guest because that portion of the fish is very rich in winter . Each dish should be commenced by the eldest person who is seated at the head of the table . The diners should sit close to the table so food won ’ t drop on their cloths . No noise should be made when chewing . No one should move food back to the communal plate even if he doesn ’ t like it . One should drink soup slowly and is not supposed to make a lot of noise . All these table manners are very similar to Western habits 
It seems that people share the same basic sense of etiquette regardless of their background . Apart from the different tools used for eating we seem to follow the same principles . We do not let inappropriate manners spoil other people ’ s appetite.Westerners like to say , “ bon appetite ” before meals which is one way to suggest “ mind your table manners . ” Is there such an expression in Chinese 
Yes . We say “ eat well and drink well . 
What forms should I fill out to collect unemployment 
You need to fill out a special form to apply for unemployment benefits 
Where do I get the application form for unemployment benefits 
You can call the Employment Development Office and request a form 
What information will I need to provide to apply for unemployment 
Be prepared to provide your employer ’ s name and address and what dates you worked 
What else will the Employment Development Office need 
You need to be prepared to show that your unemployment is not your fault . If you have a termination notice , that would be great 
What will happen next 
The Employment Development Office will call you for an interview 
Can you tell me what bus to catch from Altadena to downtown LA 
You can catch the 486 
That bus goes all the way to LA 
I believe so 
Is the bus ride long 
It only takes 45 minutes to an hour 
That's all 
It's a pretty short trip 
Is there always a lot of people on that bus 
It only gets crowded once it gets to LA 
Oh okay , thank you 
No problem 
Do you want some dessert 
No , thank you . Check , please 
Wait a moment . I will calculate it for you . Your bill comes to $ 36 
Here are $ 40 . Keep the change . That's my tip for you 
Who is on duty 
I am , sir 
Your duty is to keep a check on those prisoners from now on 
Yes , sir 
It seems to me that you are on very good terms with him 
We actually met at a dance party . He fell for me 
He must be all over you the first time he saw you 
He said that I put all other girls in the shade 
That means he was head over heels in love with you 
Well , he indeed likes me 
But I think he can't hold a candle to you . I don't think he has ever popped the question 
No , he is the sort of man who likes to hide his candle under a bushel 
Do you know that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes 
Just say the word , sir 
Excellent ! Now , as you know , the day has barely begun 
I agree . The dew is still on the grass 
I want to hit a few more places in the city , but I need a place to put my luggage 
We do have a storage space for your bags . There's a small charge , plus a deposit 
Leave a deposit ? Isn't leaving the luggage enough of a deposit 
Regrettably , no . But simply present your VISA to cover your deposit 
Hmm . I'll have to think about this for a second 
Okay , sir , but don't think too long . Your checkout is only 30 minutes away 
Can you drive 
Yes , I have a driving license 
Are you willing to drive yourself if the job requires 
Sure 
One more thing , if you are wanted in this position , you must prepare to travel aboard frequently 
That's fine with me 
Would you mind relocating 
As long as it isn't too far from this city , I don't mind 
It ’ s quite far away , though it's located in another part of the city . Are you planning to find a boarding house nearby 
I think I can commute that far without any trouble 
Good . Do you have any particular conditions that you want us to take into consideration 
No , nothing in particular . Thank you 
Then you'll need to know it's a hard job . You'll often have to work overtime or even on weekends 
Yes , but I don't mind working hard 
your daughter will be back soon . I'm going to start making dinner . You can just watch some TV in TV room if you like . We just bought a new TV with a LCD screen . The remote control is on the coffee ta
would you mind if I helped out in the kitchen instead ? I do enjoy cooking 
this is supposed to be your vacation ; we'd like you to just relax 
cooking makes me feel relaxed . So , what are we cooking 
ok , well , we're going to make a pan of lasagne , a salad , and some garlic bread . Here's the recipe . Do you want to get the ingredients we need out of the cupboard 
sure . We should probably pre-heat the oven right away , too 
that's a good idea . Can you set the oven to 200 degrees Celsius 
that's a bit high for lasagne . I'll just set it at 180 degree and we can take it from there 
fine . I'll just get out the casserole dish , the saucepan , the salad bowl , and the baking sheet 
you know , I could do this myself . Why don't you go get the screwdriver and the pliers and go fix the vacuum cleaner so it works better 
I don't think it's broken 
well , if it's not broken , then you need to learn how to vacuum better , because it doesn't look like you've vacuumed for ages 
fine . I'll go vacuum . Let me know if you need any other help 
We still have one more day to go before we return home . What will we see tomorrow 
no idea . We've enjoyed both the natural scenery and the city sights . What else is there to see 
what about a factory tour 
you mean visit a factory 
yes . I heard there's a lager motor company nearby which open to the public every weekend . We can go to see how a car is manufactured and learn more about the automobile industry 
good idea ! I've always been interested in that . How much is the entrance fee 
I'm not sure , but as far as I know , most factory tours are free . They are sponsored by the company providing the tour 
really ? What do the companies do that for 
I believe most of them think of it as good public relations . They can promote their product and make their company better-known 
oh , i see . So factory tours are good for companies as well as visitors 
exactly 
do we need an appointment beforehand 
I'll call the tourist information centre to check 
Does Tom drink a lot 
Yes , he does . He of ten has had one to many . But I advised him not to drink too much , he just boasted that he had hollow legs and nobody had ever drunk him under the table 
That's a problem . He has sort of Dutch courage and that will egg him on in doing anything 
Shall we have two tickets for for seven thirty 
Yes , Would you like to have the seats in the front or at the back 
In the front , please 
Excuse me . Do you have a minute ? I'd like to tell you about the Bucky Card 
Well ... alright . I guess I have a minute 
Do you know about the Bucky Card 
I've heard about it , but I don't really know about it 
The Bucky Card is a great way for you to save money while you have a good time here at school.It gives you discounts on all kinds of things . Movies , pizza , clothing , school supplies 
What about beer 
The Card doesn't actually give you discounts on beer.But it will give you discounts on certain club cover charges.So if you want to see your favorite band at Amy's or Cosmo's Club , you get a discount on the entrance fee 
That's pretty cool . How much of a discount 
Usually it's two dollars off the cover price 
And all these other things , pizza and movies for instance--how much of a discount do I get on that stuff 
This pamphlet shows you what restaurants and movie theaters have discounts.And twice every semester we will send you a new issue of the pamphlet.The Bucky Card has just started.Every couple months we have new businesses joining our program.It ' s a great way for students to save money 
Alright , alright . Let me look at that pamphlet.Hmm . Alessio's Pizza Parlor . That's cool . I go there all the time.And Cosmo's Club . And 4 - D records . Alright . How much does it cost 
It costs only 19 dollars a year for a card 
Whoa ! That's expensive ! It should be cheaper 
But think of how much money you'll save ! You can use it for a year 
Yeah , maybe . Alright . Give me an application form 
What's new 
Nothing much 
We have been over this a hundred times ! We are not getting a pet 
Why not ? Come on ! Just a cute little puppy . or a kitty 
Who is going to look after a dog or a cat 
I will ! I ’ ll feed it , bathe it and walk it every day ! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard 
What if we want to take a vacation ? Who will we leave it with ? Plus , our apartment is too small for that breed of dog 
Ok . How about we get a cat or a ferret 
We ’ re planning on having children soon , I don ’ t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house 
Fine ! Let ’ s get a bird then ! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk ! A parrot would be awesome 
I ’ ll tell you what , I can get you some hamsters and we ’ ll take it from there 
Yay 
Can I help you 
Is This where I pay the airport tax 
Yes , sir . Just as the sign says . How many 
I'm sorry , but I've never done this before . How many what 
How many people are you paying the tax for 
My wife and me . The two of us 
100 yuan each , so you owe me 200 yuan 
Oh , OK . Here's 200 yuan 
Here are your two receipts 
Thanks . What shall I do then 
Just give these receipts to the lady at the door to immigration . Don't worry , she'll ask for them from you 
Oh , I guess I'm a little confused 
We are all the same the first time we travel overseas . You guys have a nice trip 
Thanks a lot 
If you wanna keep healthy , you must give up smoking . It's extremely bad for your health , you know 
I know it's not good for me , but the problem is I just can't help it 
Well , I've got an idea , put the label cancer sticks on each pack of cigarettes , and read it before you smoke . It may give you a feeling to reduce it 
I'll try 
Why are you so angry , darling 
Stop picking on me . I am going to be mad 
May I see the manager of your company 
I am.What can I do for you 
Form your company's advertisement in the TWENTY-FIRST CENTURY , I learn that you are a foreign trade company of good service . I am interested in it.Here is my resume , ma'am 
Very good , you majored in International Trade 
Yes , I will graduate from the People's University of China this July majoring in International Trade.Besides , at school , I am a top student.Moreover , both my spoken and written English are pretty good 
Well , for this position , we prefer experienced employees , Those who have just graduated from university , they are supposed to start by working as an intern for at least half a year 
I think I ' m qualified for the job if I can be given the chance.While at school , I once worked as part-time translator in a company and salesperson with a textile company for two years.And I don't mind being paid less from the start , I just want to enrich my experience and competence 
Good.That is the kind of man we are looking for.By the way , do you like traveling ? Our sales representatives need to travel a lot 
Yes , I do . I like traveling very much 
Are you willing to work for extra hours 
Of course , I'll try my best.When can I start working 
What about next Monday 
Great.Let ' s start next week.Thank you , ma'am 
Well , see you next monday 
Room service , what can I do for you 
I have some shirts that need laundering , and I ’ d like my suit pressed 
There is a laundry form as well as a bag in your room . Pls fill it out and the maid will come pick it up 
How long will it take to get my clothes back 
To press the suit only takes 3 hours . The laundry will be returned to you tomorrow around noon time . Is that all right 
That ’ s all right . Pls send someone to pick it up 
Right away , sir 
Excuse me , Mr . Emory 
Yes , Christine 
Could you tell me where the copier is , please 
Sure . You just walk down this hallway . The copy room is the second room on the right 
May I help you 
Yes , please . Can I exchange money here 
Here we can exchange HAD , USD and Euros . Which do you require 
To be honest , I really wanted to exchange my GAP , but I suppose USD will be fine . I have some and I just need a little local currency for expenses . Could you tell me what the rate is like today 
At the moment it's 830.43 RIB for 100 USD , which is a pretty good rate 
OK , that sounds fine . I think 200 USD worth of RIB should be plenty , thanks 
May I see your passport 
Here it is 
How long are you going to stay 
For one week 
What is the purpose for your visit 
For sightseeing 
Where are you going to stay 
At the Hilton hotel 
Do you have anything to declare 
No , nothing 
What a nice day 
Yes . How about going out and enjoying the sunshine on the grass 
Great , let's go 
Hey , darling , I think I might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . I was so relaxed . It felt as if I were in another world 
Exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ..
Yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies 
Why not go again to celebrate our one-year anniversary ? We can go to the same beach , stay in the same hotel and enjoy a dinner in the same restaurant 
Are you kidding ? Can you afford it ? Do you think we can get a room on such short voice 
Never mind that , I'll take care of it . Are you available next week 
Yeah , I think so 
Ok . I'll make the arrangements . It will be great 
Wonderful ! I'll start packing our suitcases 
What can I do for you 
I ’ m in need of your services 
What do you need me for 
I have a court date coming up 
What are you being charged with 
It ’ s the felony charge 
I ’ m willing to provide my services 
What ’ s your rate 
I work for $ 150 an hour 
That ’ s too high 
That ’ s what I charge 
I ’ ll hire you anyway 
I think your presentation impressed the client , Daniel . You did a good job 
Thank you , Mr . Cooper . I hope we get the contract 
Is there a car park near the supermarket 
Yes , there is an underground car park near the supermarket 
I see . Thanks 
Excuse me , would you like to be our guide 
Of course 
It's our first time to be here , so would you please arrange a schedule for us 
With pleasure . I think we should go to the palace first 
When was the palace built 
Good afternoon . Which service do you require 
I need to increase the amount of my L / C . It's quite a new one ; I opened it 12 days ago 
What you need to do is apply for an amendment on your existing L / C 
How do I go about that 
You'll need to fill in this application form and there is a charge of 30 US dollars for this 
OK , you can take that from my account . I'll fill in the form now 
Thanks . Yes ... that's all in order . What we will do now is send the L / C amendment to the negotiating bank . As soon as we know anything , we'll contact you 
Hi , Lander . What's wrong 
I can hardly make ends meet these days 
Same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months 
My income remains the same but prices just continue to rise 
True . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities 
Definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month 
Hello , Steven . How do you get along with your job 
Actually , I learn many things from it . I find that I am a quick learner in new things 
Practice makes perfect . By the way , what do you learn from your job 
At first I didn't know anything about the machine . Now I know how to operate it . Besides , the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement 
Yeah , you are a good learner . I must commend you for your good performance 
Thank you . That's a long way to go for my job 
I appreciate your effort very much . The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work 
OK , let's go 
Mr . Chandler will be our new partner , so his visit this time will be extremely important for our cooperation in future , because it may decide whether Mr . Chandler sign the trade contract with us or not . Do you have some idea 
I suppose we can bring him to visit our company , as well as our display room . In this way , he can know more about our company and our potential power . In my opinion , visiting the factory will help him learn our manufacturing process very much 
En , you are right , and he will trust us and maybe the contract will be signed soon . But remember to keep some skills of our manufacturing secret . On one hand , show his our best side ; on the other hand , do not show too much to protect our own business secrets 
Well , I understand 
Please make a detailed schedule on the visit this afternoon 
Let ’ s see if we can reach some sort of agreement over your curfew 
Ok , every one asks their parents let them stay out until 2 or 3 in the morning 
Well , I ’ m not everyone-else ’ s father . I think you need be in the house by ten o ’ clock 
That ’ s absurd . I know some junior high kids who can stay out later than that 
I ’ ll be worried if you stay out late 
Ok , how about midnight curfew . and I'll let you know where I am 
would you like to learn to tango Donar 
right now 
i am offering you my services . for your church . what do you say 
i think i'll be a little afraid 
of what 
afraid of making a mistake 
no mistakes in a tango Donar.not like life , simple , that will make the tango so great . if you make a mistake , you'll get all tango done . just tango along . why don't you try ? will you try it 
all right . i'll give it a try 
Can I take your order please 
Can I get a burger and a large fries 
Sure . Anything to drink with that 
A large coke , please 
Eating here or to go 
Eating here , please 
That's 7 dollars and 25 cents . You can get free refills with your coke 
If one is rich , is the happy 
I don't think so.It ' s impossible to equate wealth and happiness 
Could I understand what you said as the poorest is the happiest 
Of course not.Sometimes a poor man can be extremely miserable 
This book I'm reading about Yoga is really interesting 
I didn't know you did Yoga 
I don't really practice it regularly yet , I'm just learning about it 
What have you learned 
Right now I'm learning about the importance of breathing slow , deep and regularly 
As opposed to short and shallow 
Yes . It says here , ' He who only half breathes , half lives . 
I read something like that once . I think it was , ' Life is in the breath . 
Oh , Ralph , I heard it is very dangerous traveling in space . Disasters have happened before . If the spaceship were out of order . . 
You should be optimistic about this . Things have taken a good turn . You should remember that less than two centuries ago the dangers of train travel seemed similarly terrible 
But is it possible that travelers could be hit by meteors 
It's once in blue moon 
What do you think is the real danger man faced in space 
The main one is radiation . There are two sorts of radiation man must fear in space . The first is radiation from the sun , and this is particularly dangerous when the sun is very active and explosions are occurring on its surface . The second , less harmful , comes from the so-called Van Allen Belts 
I'd like to have a couple of complete sets of paper money and coins 
Yeah . You can take them home and either use them as a gift or keep them as mementoes 
Ah , where can I find old paper money and coins used before and after 1949 
I'd suggest that you go to the Philately Store in Nanjing Road East , where the items are authentic and the prices are reasonable 
Good . Sorry to have troubled you so much , Miss 
You're always welcome . Anything else can I do for you , sir 
No , thanks . I did not notice it has been dark outside . I think it is time to dinner 
I guess it is . The restaurant is on the second floor . Please enjoy your dinner , sir 
Do you have anything to do after this 
No , I don't 
Shall we drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks 
That sounds like a good idea 
I know a very interesting place 
Oh , do you ? Good 
David , we have been doing business for three years , haven't we 
Yes , I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years . And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years 
So , I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market . If you give us the agency , that will be more substantial for our cooperation 
To be frank , you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country . I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent 
As we are a well-established company , we are very familiar with the customers ' needs . Besides , we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent 
Sounds reasonable . I will tell my boss about you agent application . Another question , what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee 
To be on the safe side , and for garment of all materials , sizes , and styles , I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year 
Well . As our sole agency , you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own 
No , certainly not 
What a coincidence seeing you here . 
It is , isn't it 
Can I help you , sir 
I want to find a book called Gone with the Wind.But I can't find it 
Let me give you a hand.The author is ..
Margaret Mitchell 
Oh , yes.Here it is 
Thank you very much . I have been looking for it for a long time.Is this the latest edition 
Yes , we have both the paperback and hardcover.which would you want to buy 
How about the price of the hardcover 
It's $ 25 
A little bit expensive , but I will buy one.This is $ 25 , here you are 
Hi , Alex . How are you doing 
Just fine , Karen . I ’ m just taking a breather from all this paper work 
I know the feeling . I ’ m calling to let you know about this new Italian place I found . It ’ s right around the corner 
I ’ ll have to try it . You know how I am about Italian food ! What ’ s the name 
You ’ Ve been a sales manager for three years . How do you like the job 
I like it very much 
If I may ask , are you happy with your salary 
No , I don ’ t mind at all . I receive 3,000 RIB a month , after tax 
Is there a bonus system or any other incentive plan in place 
I ’ m afraid there isn ’ t . My boss only pays lip service 
What is your salary expectation for this position 
My expectation is in the 3800 to 4500 RIB range . That ’ s the take-home pay 
Is this the A housing office 
Yes , it is . Are you looking for housing for this semester 
I was hoping to get into something on campus , but my friend told me that everything is full 
It is , but I can put you on a waiting list , if you would like 
Please . And in the mean time , can I look at apartments available in the area from this office 
Yes , here is a catalog that is put out every year with locations that meet campus requirements for As 
Who do I talk to if I want I to see some of them 
The individual landlord's numbers are next to each entry . You can call them with any questions you may have 
Good afternoon , Mrs . White 
Good afternoon , Mr . Black . Haven't seen you for a long time . Can I help you 
Can I see Mr . Cooper , your manager now 
Let me see if he is free . Would you please sit down and wait for a moment 
All right 
The manager will come to see you in a few minutes 
Thanks a lot , Mrs . White 
You are welcome 
Beth , would you like me to help you carry it 
Thanks , but I don't want to put you into any trouble 
Don't be silly . It's no trouble at all 
This house is very nice for me , but I can ’ t afford it in a lump sum 
Don ’ t worry , you can pay in an installment , that is to say , you don ’ t have to pay the whole amount of money at once 
That ’ s good . Will you tell me the details 
Certainly , you need to pay a deposit at first , and you will pay the rest monthly 
How long will it take 
It depends 
I need to talk it over with my wife 
Certainly 
Welcome to the Consultancy Department , I'm Greg Wu . What can I assist you with today 
I need to do a credit investigation on another company , but I'm worried it'll be a bit difficult 
How so 
Well , it's an American company , you see . I'm worried that there will be too much red tape involved 
We are able to do credit investigations globally . You have no need to worry 
Really ? I have been told , by another bank , that it makes it difficult if you want to investigate a company which is registered outside China 
10 years ago , maybe yes . But nowadays we are a global village , it's easy to deal with any foreign country 
I'm not exactly prepared right now . How about I go back to the office , get the relevant information and come back before closing 
I'll look forward to it and make sure all of the paperwork is ready and waiting 
I'll return at about 4:30 pm . See you then 
A report says running red lights causes one thousand traffic accidents every year 
It ’ s horrible . Why do drivers run a red light then 
Maybe they know they shouldn ’ t run a red light , but when they are driving they don ’ t pay enough attention to traffic lights 
Talking on the cell phone while driving is very dangerous too . It increases the chance of accidents 
I know . If a policeman catches you using the cell phone while driving , you will be fined 
Oh man ! I ’ Ve been starving myself for days now and I haven ’ t lost an ounce 
Are you trying to lose weight 
Yeah , my friend is getting married next month and I ’ m supposed to be a bridesmaid . I have to fit into my dress and look nice for her wedding , but I haven ’ t lost any weight ! Look at these love handles 
You don ’ t have to starve yourself to lose weight . I think that ’ s where you ’ re going wrong 
Why ? If I eat less , then my body will start eating away at my fat reserves , right 
Not really . You should try to not eat foods high in calories , salts or saturated fats . Stay away from oily food and artificial flavors 
So you are saying that I should eat , but I should just watch what I eat 
Yes ! You can also try to reduce your intake of carbohydrates and foods that are high in cholesterol . You can have steamed veggies or increase your protein intake found in chicken or fish 
If I do all this do you think I can lose twenty pounds in four weeks 
Don ’ t count on it 
I guess I'd better go now 
I've got to be going now too 
In that case , I'll be seeing you 
See you later 
Here's the schedule we've prepared 
Oh , thank you 
Do you mind if we talk about your schedule tomorrow 
That will be best . I'd like to have a good rest first 
And this is the schedule for Mrs . Watson . Eileen from our department will take care of her 
Ok . Shall we discuss the schedule in the lobby 
All right . I'll see you in the lobby tomorrow morning 
Where to , miss 
Hi ! Crenshaw and Hawthorne , at the Holiday Inn that is on that corner 
Sure thing . So , where are you flying in from 
From China 
Really ? You don ’ t look very Chinese to me , if you don ’ t mind me saying so 
It ’ s fine . I am actually from Mexico . I was in China on a business trip , visiting some local companies that manufacture bathroom products 
Wow sounds interesting ! Excuse me if I am being a bit nosy but , how old are you 
Don ’ t you know it ’ s rude to ask a lady her age 
Don ’ t get me wrong ! It ’ s just that you seem so young and already doing business overseas 
Well thank you ! In that case , I am 26 years old , and what about yourself 
I am 40 years old and was born and raised here in the good old U . S of A , although I have some Colombian heritage 
Really ? That ’ s great ! Do you speak some Spanish 
Uh ... yeah .. of course 
Have you finished that report yet 
No . I'm still working on it 
How much time do you need 
Give me one more day 
Hey honey , how was your day 
It was alright . I ran into Bill and we got to talking for a while.He ’ s in a bit of a jam 
Why ? What happened 
Well , his son had an accident and Bill doesn ’ t have health insurance . This really got me thinking , and I wondered if we shouldn ’ t look into a couple of different HMO ’ s 
Yeah , you ’ re right . We aren ’ t getting any younger and our kids are getting older 
Exactly ! I searched on the web and found a couple of HMO ’ s with low co-pays and good coverage . The deductibles are low , too 
Sounds good , although , do you think we can qualify for insurance ? Those insurance companies are real pirates when it comes to money 
Well , we don ’ t have any pre-existing illnesses or conditions , so we should be fine 
I wish our company or country provided us with healthcare 
Not in a million years 
Well , you know how important a clean house is to your grandma 
Yes , I hear about it every time she comes here 
She was the head janitor at St . Mary's Hospital for thirty years , after all 
I think she misses that job and wants to take it out on us 
You know , maybe she's just a neat freak 
I think she just likes to make us miserable 
You could be right 
My hair stood on end when I saw the bloody scene 
What scene 
A kitten being run over by a truck 
Mr . : Are you Mary Lin 
Yes 
Mr . : I'm Mr . Rogers , your homeroom teacher 
Where should I sit 
Mr . : Why don't you sit behind Brad 
Who's Brad 
Mr . : He's that guy in the blue shirt 
When does the first period begin , by the way 
Mr . : As soon as the bell rings after the morning announcement 
I've heard you're going to America tomorrow . I want to see you off at the airport 
Oh , thanks a lot 
What time are you leaving 
1 thirty P . m . But I've got to check in at 12 thirty P . m 
What airline and what flight 
Pan American Airlines . Flight 282 
I'll see you at the airport at 12 thirty P . m 
Ok . See you tomorrow 
What course did you like best 
Project Management . I was very interested in this course when I was a student . And I think it's very useful for my present work 
Do you feel that you have received a good general training 
Yes , I have studied in an English training program and a computer training program since I graduated from university . I am currently studying Finance at a training school 
Hello , Mr . Hao . I am calling to tell you that you are not selected as our employee . Sorry 
Although I am a little shocked , I can deal with it pretty well . I didn't perform as well as I should have in the interview 
Maybe . But you should not withdraw forever just because you failed once 
OK , thank you , I'll try if there were other chances 
May I help you , Miss 
Yes , I'm excited to hear about your new product 
OK . I'm sure you will love what this new automatic answering system can do for your business 
Yes . I've heard a lot about it 
Watch our computer demonstration , please . You'll be convinced that our product is superior . ( After the demonstration 
Yes , I would have to agree with you . It seems to offer more options than the others . But new product sometimes has a few troubles . How about yours 
Our systems are 100 % trouble-free 
How do you ensure quality 
Any of our new products shall go through a 1-3 month testing period 
Are your prices negotiable 
Yes , our prices are negotiable , but our quality is not 
What happens if I am not satisfied with my purchases 
Your satisfaction is guaranteed , or we refund your money 
I see . But I have to discuss it over with my boss before I make a decision 
OK . I hope you will be in touch with me shortly 
Hello , I'd like to get a seat on flight PB12 to Rome 
Direct or non-direct 
Is there any discount for a non-direct flight 
Yes . Right now it's the slack season so we will give you ten percent off 
What if I buy around ticket ? Can you offer me some more 
Sure . you can get a further discount at 5 % 
I've come to apologize for what I said yesterday 
Don ’ t think any more about it 
I must make an apology for losing my temper 
It ’ s really not necessary . I know your intention was good 
I ’ m relieved to hear that . Anyway , it ’ s my fault 
Help ! I'm about to drop these books 
I've got them 
Thanks 
Good afternoon . Mr . Tylor's office 
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension 
I'm sorry , but could you please transfer this call to Mr . Tylor's office 
Sure , please hold on 
Thank you 
Now Mr . Tylor's on the line . Go ahead , please 
You are so kind , you helped me a lot 
You are welcome . Bye 
Your tree looks beautiful . Do you decorate it this way every year 
Yes , it's a family tradition dating back to my childhood . We use the same lights and ornaments , but of course we have a new tree each year.The children made some of these decorations . Here , you can hang this on one of those high branches 
Well , everything seems to be just about ready . Now all we need is snow.Do you exchange the presents in the morning 
Oh , yes . The kids are too excited to wait . After we clean up the mess all the empty boxes and the wrapping paper we have a big breakfast . Then the kids have the whole day to play with their new toys 
And we'll have a great turkey dinner at around four o'clock . My brother and his family will be joining us . I look forward to meeting them . Well , it's late , so I'll say good night . I'll see you early tomorrow , so I can share your Christmas morning.Good night 
Would you like to see our new shirts 
Sorry , but I ’ m not really that interested in those things 
Well , they are very nice you know 
Really 
And not expensive either 
Oh , I don't care about that 
Everybody is buying them 
Are they 
Yes , they are very fashionable , you see 
I am afraid I am not interested in fashion 
I see 
But thank you very much all the same 
Sorry I couldn't help you 
Hi , what ’ re you reading 
Oh , it ’ s Death on the Nile . Have you read it 
No , not that one . But I saw the movie . Could I borrow it when you finished 
Sure . I didn ’ t know you like mysteries 
Oh , I ’ m crazy about them 
Ah ! No ! Damn it 
It's a blackout . Now I can't see Seinfeld 
So what ? I just lost one hour's worth of work 
Really ? How could you do that ? Don't you save every couple minutes 
No , I didn't save this time.Damn it ! And I'm sick of writing this paper . Now I have to write it all over again too 
I've had that problem too many times . So I learned to save.When I'm writing something , I save every three sentences or so . I don't want to lose anything 
I hate computers . Sometimes I think they cause more trouble than they're worth 
What are we going to do now 
I don't know . I feel like going out 
I wonder how much of the city is down 
It doesn't matter . I still can go out and buy a beer 
Maybe . But if there's a blackout , probably the pubs are closed.And besides , I know you have a political science exam tomorrow . I thought you had a lot of reading to do 
Yes , that's true . Damn ! I just lost half my paper , and now I can't even do my homework.This is a bad time for this to happen 
I have a flashlight in my closet . If you want to use that to read , you can 
Thanks . I think I will try . Where are you going 
I like your idea of getting a beer . I think I'll go out myself 
Maybe we can trade.Why don't you stay here and read for my exam , and I'll go drink beer 
No , it just won't work.If I read for your exam , you won't know the answers tomorrow . I will 
So ? You can go to the class for me.Just write my name on the exam book and take the exam . Why not 
How many students are in the class 
About fourteen 
So it won't work , old buddy . They'll see that I'm not you . Sorry 
Damn 
Hello ! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers 
Well , Administrative assistant with shorthand and typing skills are badly needed here 
First I want to check about the availability and see if you could give me more information 
The position calls for a person with some working experience . We must be able to benefit from your analytical and interpersonal skills . Can you deliver your resume to us first 
Of course . I will deliver my resume to you in minutes ' time . I hope you will consider my application and I shall appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience 
OK . I will call you soon . Bye now 
Bye 
We have reservations for two at your restaurant tonight 
Yes , What can I do for you , sir 
I'm calling to see if I can request a specific table 
I can try to arrange that for you 
I proposed to my wife in your restaurant and I would like the same table if I can 
Can you describe for me , where you were sitting 
It was a little table by the bay windows overlooking the wharf 
You're in luck . We still have that little table 
You're going to have coffee , aren't you 
Yes . I could use a cup of coffee 
Are you going to have anything to eat 
French toast sounds good . What are you going to order 
I'll have that too 
Marriott Street 
How do you spell that 
M , A , double R , I , O , double T 
Right . Got that 
That dress is too expensive 
But it ’ s so pretty 
Yes , it is pretty , but it costs $ 200 . What about this one ? It ’ s almost the same , but it costs half as much 
It ’ s not the same . It ’ s completely different 
It ’ s just a little shorter 
I really like this one 
Well , it ’ s your money . You can spend it however you want . Do you really think it ’ s pretty 
Yeah . It ’ s pretty 
Ok , so who are we going to invite to our dinner party 
Well , we have the Thompsons , the Greens , and the Anderson , about twelve people total 
Don't forget my friend Andy from the office . He has nothing to do on Friday , so I invited him over 
But that makes thirteen people ! We can't have thirteen people for dinner on Friday 
Why can't we 
It's an old superstition . If we have thirteen people at the table , then it means bad luck . Can Andy bring a date 
I'm not sure . He just broke up with his girlfriend recently , and I don't think he's in the mood to start again so soon 
But we can't have thirteen for dinner 
I think you're making a mountain out of a molehill . It's only a superstition . It really doesn't mean anything 
Absolutely not ! I refuse to have thirteen people for dinner on Friday 
Ok , ok . I'll ask my sister to come . That way we'll have fourteen for dinner 
That's better 
I've been told that you are a very successful businessman abroad . I wonder how you managed to achieve such success 
Oh , through a lot of hard work , of course 
I suppose that in a foreign country it was difficult at first , wasn't it 
Surely it was , especially when you only knew few people and little English 
You mean you didn't know much English then 
Right . I only knew a few English sentences 
That's incredible . Could you tell me what you did to make a start 
First , I worked as a servant 
Really ? I wish you could tell me more about your experience 
I'd like to , but I must run to a meeting 
Let's take a break 
Good idea . How about a cup of coffee 
Sounds good 
Can I help you , Madam 
Yes . I'd like to buy a sweater for my husband . Which style is the latest 
These are all the latest fashion . How do you like this white turtleneck one 
I like this style . But do you have any other colors ? I feel that this color doesn't suit his complexion 
We also have it in grey 
Great ! I will take it . And could you suggest a pair of trousers to match this sweater 
It's my pleasure . I think this pair of jeans will suit the sweater well 
Let me see . Yes , they are perfectly matched 
Daniel , have you finished your homework 
Not yet , Dad . I am watching Ultraman instead.No , no , Dad . Please . This program is on only once a week 
Daniel , as a matter of fact , TV is bad for your health 
What makes you think that 
It's full of violence and you are so young 
But there are cartoons on TV . Bees , big trees , seas , and a lot of other interesting things 
Wait . What's the time , honey 
About 6 
It's homework time now . Go and do your homework and then go to bed.American Idol , There you go 
Dad , it's not fair . I am so disappointed with you 
Do you still see the people we went to school with 
I did for a while , I suppose , until I left university , but after that not really 
Yeah , I've lost touch with most people as well , but I still see Rose occasionally 
Oh yes , how's she getting on 
OK , I suppose , but she's had a rough time in the last few years , She got divorced 
What , from Peter 
Oh , of course 
Good morning , and welcome to Live Tech . It is my honor to make this presentation for you . Let me begin by explaining some of our digital cameras ' selling points . You will see immediately that they are very stylish , but what you can't see is the cutting-edge technology inside . All of our cameras are light , compact , and easy to use 
Can I take a look at one of those 
Be my guest . Live Tech's digital cameras combine point-and-shoot simplicity with the ability to easily turn pictures into great-looking prints . Furthermore , it allows users to transfer pictures to a computer while the camera recharges 
Can I take a picture of you ? Seeing is believing 
Sure , Just push the button , like ..
I think I can figure this out . Let's see if this works as advertised . Say ' cheese ! 
I think you will find these are the best digital cameras on the market today 
I think the quality of the photos will speak for themselves 
What do you do in your spare times 
I have many hobbies . I like almost all kind of sports , and I also like to listen to classical musics 
What sports do you like best 
Football . It's a very exciting game , because it keeps you alert , and I also enjoying the team spirit of football 
Do you like reading books 
Yes . I enjoying reading biographs , especially those of well-known statesmen , militarists and artists , I can learn a lot from their life histories 
Who are you favourite authors 
I like the novels of Inches very much , I have reading almost all of them in Chinese translation , I wish i can reading them in the original 
How do you put this seat back ? I know there is a lever somewhere 
What are you doing 
I'm getting dressed , what does it look like 
It looks like you are about to get dressed . Did you forget we are in a car on the road 
I'm good at this . Nobody will see anything 
Are you kidding ? You're going to cause an accident just from people gawking 
All right , pull over at that service station and I'll dress in the ladies ' room 
That will be my pleasure 
And how will you be paying for your room , Ms White 
By credit card 
Both rooms on the same card 
Yes 
Your card number please 
4434 1234 5678 9902 
Double one , zero two 
No , double nine zero two 
4434 1234 5678 9902 
That's right 
And the expiry date 
Eleven , ..
Could you repeat that please 
November this year 
Thank you . I've booked two rooms for Ms White and Mr Webber from Wednesday the 25th to Saturday the 28th of September 
Thank you 
You're welcome . We'll see you on the 25th , Ms White 
Thanks a lot . Goodbye 
Goodbye 
This Olympic park is so big 
Yes . Now we are in the Olympic stadium , the center of this park 
Splendid ! When is it gonna be finished 
The whole stadium is to be finished this June 
How many seats are there in the stand 
Oh , there are 5000 seats in total 
I didn ’ t know it would be so big 
It is ! Look there , those are the tracks . And the jumping pit is over there 
Ah ... I see . Hey , look the sign here , No climbing 
We put many signs with English translations for foreign visitors 
Okay , I ’ ll take it . By the way , do you have delivery service 
You don ’ t need to carry the furniture home because we have delivery service 
Do you charge for delivery 
Wo will deliver the goods to you for free 
Very good . Could you deliver it to this address 
Sure . Please write down your name and your phone number 
OK . Can you tell me the delivery time 
No later than tomorrow 
Thanks 
How can we develop a new brand image with no direction whatsoever 
With the fifty forwards he sent out today , maybe we'll inadvertently get inspired 
I guess this is a good excuse to surf the Net on someone else's dime 
Who'd have thought Bean would be this kind of e-mail fanatic 
He must have just got online for the first time last week . He still thinks it's some kind of new toy 
Hello , back already ? That was quick 
Yes , luckily our office is just down the street 
Great . I shall also need a copy of your own ID and the Warrant Letter , you can fill in one here 
Oh , I see 
Next time , you can get one from the counter over there . Or before you come in , you can download one from our website . It's really easy 
Hi ! Good morning , Sarah 
Good morning , Dr Lee 
I have not seen you for a long time . How are you 
Not very well 
What are your symptoms 
I have nausea , and I am dizzy . Also I have a abdominal pain 
Where is the pain ? Could you show me please 
Here 
What kind of pain ? Sharp pain , dull pain or severe pain 
Sharp pain 
Is the pain continuous 
No , It is not continuous . It comes and goes 
Please lie down over there 
All right 
Does it hurt when I push here 
No 
What about here 
Not really 
How long have you been like this 
For about a month 
How about your appetite 
I am eating pretty good 
How about your bowel movements 
No constipation . Everything seems OK 
I am so busy today 
Can I help you 
I ’ m not sure . Perhaps you could do the shopping 
I ’ ll be glad to help 
Or maybe make the beds 
All you have to do is ask for help 
Thanks . That ’ s terrific 
I ’ m ready and willing to help 
Oops 
What happened 
I overcooked the corn 
That's okay . I like it better that way anyway 
Thanks . Sometimes talking with a friend is a great way to get over something . Do you mind if I vent a little bit 
Of course not . If you're feeling bad and want to let your emotions out , you can just say whatever you want to me 
Great , because I am really mad at William . I mean , what kind of an idiot wouldn't be able to appreciate a smart , beautiful woman like me ? Anybody who would be friends with that guy has to be really dumb 
Uh , A ... you know I'm friends with William 
Oh right ... present company excluded , of course 
Would you mind if I use your tape-recorder 
I don't mind . Go ahead 
I'll give it back to you in a couple of days 
OK . You can keep it as long as you need 
Are you free this Saturday evening 
Oh , it seems there is nothing that evening 
Would you like to go to the concert with me 
I'd like to , where 
At our club 
When 
At 7:30 p . m 
I'll go in time , thank you 
I'm so pleased that you can go 
I'm so glad that the Spring Festival is near at hand 
Me too . I like the festival best of all 
Think of the big face down the eve , hmm 
And special TV programs , fire crackers and the games to play 
Hey , do you know any mystery belief serve the festival 
Such as 
You know why fire crackers are set off in festival 
Why ? To welcome the new year of course 
And also to frighten away evil spirits 
Really 
And my parents say the whole year will be as good or as bad as new year day itself and bad or rude words on the day will bring a bad year 
Oh , that's why my parents never scold me that day . They always try to avoid tears and quarrels 
How do you think a manager should react to an employee ’ s unsatisfactory work 
If I were a manager , I would have a private talk with this employ to figure out the reasons . It is very important to have this one-to-one discussion in an unthreatening situation without any distraction 
Exactly , I overheard a manager scold his employee in the elevator this morning , they were from the company on the 12th floor , I guess . They were only three of us in the elevator , I felt very embarrassed to be in the middle of them 
Well , I guess the employee would feel more embarrassed and probably angry . Anyway , it is not wise at all to give a harsh time to your employee in front of others , especially strangers 
Sure , no matter what happened , they should wait to discuss in their office and find the solution in a positive way 
Honey , why are you so angry ? Can you tell me 
You don ’ t love me , Roy 
Why do you say such words ? I love you very much 
No , you used to be . But not now . You are in love with someone else . You are in love with my friend , Janet . You appreciate her very much . You think she is beautiful and fun to be with and you think I ’ m dumb and uninteresting 
Susan , just one last week I went out to have a lunch with her . There is nothing for you to be jealous about . I like your company much better than Janet ’ s 
I envy her and also I hate her at the same time 
Honey , you should know that I love you so deeply 
Oh , shut up , Roy 
But honey , I think you ’ re terrific . There is nothing ..
Oh , SHUT UP 
We are going to have a picnic tomorrow at the picnic center 
That's great 
Now let's get things ready 
Don't worry . There are all kinds of things in the center 
That's much more convenient . We don't even have to bring the flavorings 
Who's calling , please 
This is John 
What is it , John 
I wonder if I can use your bike 
Good morning . Thank you for the interview 
No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo 
Actually , I enjoy both 
So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance 
I need job security 
Would you be able to relocate 
I am open to relocating 
What are your annual salary requirements 
I need at least 75,000 per year 
I ’ ll keep that in mind . Thank you for coming in today . We ’ ll be in touch 
Excuse me . I've been waiting for my main dish for quite a time 
Yes , sir.Just a minute , please , I'll check with the kitchen 
Thank you for waiting.It takes another ten to fifteen minutes , I'm afraid 
We have an appointment in half an hour 
I see 
Do you have anything else I can have instead 
Well , yes.How about beef stew ? We can serve you at once 
I'll take beef stew , then 
If I remember correctly , time of delivery is another point on wich we differ 
That's right . Let's go into the details 
Ok . I hope you can have these goods delivered before the end of Sep . We'd like them to be there in time for our Christmas sales 
Christmas doesn't come until almost the end of the year , right 
But in the United States the Christmas season begins about a month before Dec . 25 
Well . I am afraid it will be difficult for us to advance the time of shipment . Our manufacturers are fully committed at the moment 
I hope you'll try to get them to step up production 
As new orders keep pouring in , the workers are working three shifts to step up production 
If that's the case , there is nothing more to be said 
I am sorry 
What's your last word as to the date then 
I said by the middle of Oct . This is the best we can promise 
All right . I'll take you at your word 
Good . Let's call it a deal . We will do our best to advance the shipment , but your L / C should be opened early Sep 
I promise 
I wish you wouldn't play the TV so loud 
Sorry . Were you trying to sleep 
Yes , please ask when you want to borrow my records next time 
I'm sorry . You're right . I should have asked 
Did you get your bus pass 
I haven't gone to get it yet 
Why haven't you got it 
I don't know where to go to get one 
I know where to get them from 
Where do I get it 
They sell them at the business office on campus 
I had no idea 
I'm sure you didn't 
Thank you 
Don't mention it 
I'll buy it later on today 
Good morning , ladies and gentlemen , we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop . Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you . First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development , Harvard's own Dr . James Smith . Dr . Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years , and has taught at Harvard since 1995 . And now , without further adieu , we'd like to welcome Mr . James Smith 
Thank you , Mr . Jackson , ladies and gentlemen , colleagues , friends . The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world . I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy . I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined . I've divided my talk into three parts , first an overview of international relations , second a discussion of current political situations , and lastly trends for the future . My presentation will take about two hours , but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle . We'll stop for lunch at 12 
Hello , Jane 
Hi , Tom . How have you been 
Pretty good . Actually , I'm quite busy with work . By the way , say ' hello ' to your husband 
What do you need 
I need to use the Internet 
You have your library card , right 
Yes , I do 
There is a wait right now to use the computers 
That ’ s fine 
Would you please write your name on this list 
Then what 
I will call you when a computer is free 
How do I log on to the computer 
Use the number on the back of your library card 
Thanks . I ’ ll be sitting over there 
The boat is ready to leave.Everyone come onto the ship , please 
Excuse me , where is my cabin 
Can I see your ticket 
Of course . Here you are 
Your seat is in cabin No . 5 , the upper deck . It ’ s near amid ship 
Can you direct the place for me 
There ! ( Point out the direction . ) You can see a window there 
I see . Thank you 
You are welcome . Have a good trip 
You know ... I did very poorly on that test 
Cheer up ! It's not the only chance in life to do well on a test . There'll be many more 
Well , you know how I am about exams . I'm a perfectionist 
Don't worry about it . All in all , you've done very well in school 
Is there anything I can do for you 
I want a shirt 
What about this one ? It sells like hot cakes 
Well , do you have the same in black 
Yes , I will get you one 
I can't bear you anymore . I am sick of your drinking . I am divorcing you 
Don't do that to me , honey . Give me a chance , please . I make a solemn promise never to drink alcohol again 
How many chances should I give you ? I've given up on you 
Have a heart , honey . You know I am trying hard to quit drinking , don't you ? Just give me one more chance , please 
hello , Deva , how are you 
can't complain . What about you 
not bad . Have you heard Wendy divorced her husband 
I've heard . She looks quite depressed 
Yes . They used to be joined at the hip 
I heard they were just married for 5 months 
yes , she said they couldn't communicate well with each other and they often argued over trivial things 
yeah . Mixed marriage is tempting but crisis-ridden 
you said it . You know , they fall in love at first sight and quickly jumped into marriage 
maybe they were just attracted to each other but too different to be married 
yeah . We Chinese have quite different lifestyles and values from foreigners 
definitely . That's why many cross-cultural marriages end in divorce 
we've heard so much about Chinese film stars divorcing foreigners 
that's true.Just hope Wendy can recover from the pain of divorce soon 
Excuse me . Could you tell me the way to the Star Hotel 
Yes . Go down the main road . You can't miss it 
How long will it take me to get there 
It's only about a five-minute walk 
Thank you very much 
You're welcome 
Reciting texts really bores me to death 
Do you have to remember every text 
Yes , the teacher says recitation is real good 
Terrible . How about people's lives 
Fortunately , there is no person died 
That's great . It seems that Typhoon is not as bad as earthquake 
Yeah . Earthquake is one of the most badly natural disasters in the world 
That's why many people died in the earthquake 
Well , China is located on the Eurasia plate , where earthquakes happen frequently due to the earth's plates knocking against each other 
Oh , China does have been plagued by numerous destructive earthquakes during its long history 
Yeah , we've experienced the 8.0 magnitude earthquake in Wenchman 
We're all familiar with natural disasters . but we still feel weak when we face Wenchman earthquake 
Right . But people at that time only know two words , " save " and " assistance " , they will never don't lift a finger . Life is the most important compared with anything else 
That's the point . Love among human beings is not limited by geography 
What are your career goals , Miss Li 
Let me see , I would like to work my way up to a senior management position with a company such as yours 
Great ! It sounds like you might be a good fit . As you know , we ’ re one of the largest brokerage houses in the world . Our daily work is quite hectic , and we , re looking for an assistant who can keep us organized ... help keep the engines running smoothly , so to speak . Our hours are long , but the overtime pay is good ... sort of makes up for the long hours 
What would a typical day be like for me here 
Well , that ’ s the problem . We never seem to have ' typical ' days , but you'd spend about 30 % of your time on the computer . There would also be a lot of telephone time , setting up appointment , and taking care of a lot of support work 
Oh , yes , I do . My present job is similar in that respect , and I think I ’ m doing a good job 
Kathy ! How are you ? It's been ages ! What are you doing these days 
I just opened my own restaurant . I'm also head chef 
You're kidding ! You've always hated cooking 
Well , I used to hate cooking , but now I love it 
When did you change your mind 
After I tried French food . Before that , I used to cook really boring things for my family 
I still can't believe it ! So , did you go to cooking school or something 
Yeah . I went to California to study 
Really ? How long did you stay there 
I was there between 88 and 90 
And what did you do after that 
Then I came back here . I worked for about three years to get some experience 
How do you do , Prof.Smith 
How do you do , Ms . Yang.You speak very good English 
Thank you . I begin to like English even when I was a child 
Where did you learn it 
At school , in China.This is my first time to be out of my own country 
It's amazing 
have you read the feature article about Oprah Winfrey in this magazine 
no , what's it about 
apparently , she's being given an award for donating so much money to charity 
she's very generous with her money . I think that's because she was poor when she was young 
I heard that she's one of the wealthiest women in the world 
I'd believe it . She owns magazines , television shows and she has a huge fan base 
you know ; I heard that she was opening a school for underprivileged girls in Africa 
did they mention that in the article 
yes , she's not only building the school , but is also using her own money for the upkeep of the school and to pay the teachers a fair salary 
that's really commendable . I think more celebrities should use their money to help people like Oprah has 
I agree . So many celebrities waste their money on sports cars , expensive clothing , and luxurious hotels 
it's amazing how much money they can spend . I heard Britney Spears once spent $ 24,000 a night on a hotel room 
what a waste . It's good to see some stars that are more concerned with charity than status symbols 
Can I borrow your Cds for our school dance 
Oh , you don't ask much , do you 
I promise I will personally guard every single one and they will come back in perfect condition 
I'll tell you what . Your class can rent them from me for the night and buy back any damaged ones 
That sounds fair . That's still cheaper than paying a band to come play for us 
Not as fun though . A live band is way more exciting 
Our class doesn't have enough money . We already checked into it 
Let me know with your next dance . I know a band that may give you a break for the publicity 
I just meant that she's got different taste 
What kind of girl is she 
She's pretty conservative 
Is her fiance Taiwanese 
Yes 
How old is he 
About 30 . He's really outgoing . But why do you ask 
Do you mind if I ask your friend out 
Of course , but we aren't going out , we're just friends 
Okay , that's good 
Do you want me to put in a good word for you 
What's your favorite TV Program 
I like variety shows 
I also like variety shows , but sometimes the host lacks a sense of humor 
I prefer a variety show without a host 
What is the highest goal of your company 
The supreme goal of ours is to be in the leadership in marketing 
Well , it is a really high target 
Yes . We can make great efforts to make it become true as long as we have a clear goal 
I am looking for a pan 
No problem . What size would you like 
A big one would be nice 
How about this one ? It's our biggest — 16 ” in diameter 
Oh , yes . I like that one . But it's too heavy 
Okay , try this one . It's made of aluminum 
Oh , yes , this is much better . But it has an aluminum handle 
Here you go . Same pan , but with a state-of-the-art , heat-resistant plastic handle 
Yes , that's perfect . I'll take it 
Great . Will that be cash or charge 
Oh , wait a minute . What about a lid for the pan 
I'm sorry . I forgot to show you the lid . It comes with the pan 
Shut up ... Billy ... BILLY 
What 
Wow ! What's that 
It's my new radio earphone 
It's so small that I didn't notice it 
What were you screaming at me for 
Who is your favorite music composer 
I don't have one single favorite , but these days I listen to a lot of Chopin 
Then you must despise such modern music as rock 
Without doubt , rock is trash 
how do you usually get to school 
I usually ride my bike . Which form of transport do you prefer to use 
I feel that I can see more when I pedal a bicycle , but when I feel lazy , I drive my car 
I think we should discourage people from using their private cars . They produce too much pollution 
I agree , but I would find it difficult to stop using my car . It's just so convenient 
cars might be convenient , but they're so bad for the environment 
do you have a car 
no . I used to have one though . Once I started using my bicycle to get around , I found that I didn't really need it 
maybe if I sold my car now , I wouldn't be so tempted to use it 
you could try . It would save you a lot of money 
that's true . Every month , I spend hundreds of dollars on gas , insurance , and repairs 
if you got to class by riding a bicycle every day instead of driving , you will get lots of exercise , too 
I could stand to lose a few pounds . Having a car has made me lazy . I never end up walking anywhere 
let's go to a car dealership . I'll help you try to sell your car for a good price 
sounds good ! Let's go 
It's the Cygnet Trust 
Could you spell that please 
Of course . C , Y , G , N , E , T 
Cygnet . OK , I've got that 
Have the owners answered back with a counter-offer for my offer to purchase the house 
In response to your offer , the sellers have decided to counter-offer three hundred and thirty-five thousand dollars 
That sounds pretty good to me , but I am not sure what to do 
You can accept this offer or decline it and come up with another offer 
If I make another offer and they refuse , then what 
Personally , I would consider making one more offer , but it is up to you to decide what to do 
Let ’ s try going with three hundred and thirty thousand dollars for a counter-offer 
I will contact the sellers with your current offer 
Do you think that this will move along fairly quickly 
Usually the response to the second offer moves along a bit more quickly than the first one 
Beijing Hotel . May I help you 
Yes . I'd like to book a double room with bath 
For what time , sir 
I plan to arrive on August fifth and leave on August eighth 
From August fifth to eighth . Just a moment . Yes , we have a vacancy for that period . What's your name , please 
Li Gang 
That's OK , Mr . Li , a double room with bath from the fifth of August to the eighth 
That's right 
By the way , how do you like to pay for it ? This hotel prefers cash 
I see . When can I receive your confirmation 
Not until you have paid 10 percent margin 
I'll log in to the Internet to know about you . I know your address 
Thank you . Bye 
Our usual supplier has let us down and I ’ Ve been looking through your parts catalogue . I need fifty GT670s . How soon can you deliver 
Just a moment and I'll check . We ’ re expecting a delivery on Friday . We've only got ten in stock at the moment . I can deliver those by first thing tomorrow morning . There'll be an extra charge for special delivery . I'll have to send them by courier 
What ’ s your new job like 
Oh , it ’ s fine . I ’ Ve got a very nice secretary and a large pleasant office 
Um 
And a company car 
Very nice 
Yes , it is . But I ’ Ve got a lot of work too 
Well , that ’ s life , isn ’ t it 
Excuse me , can you tell me how I can get to the snowboarding area 
Take bus 12 and get off at the terminal station 
Thanks a lot 
You are welcome 
Have you heard anything about Markweed Inc . ? They have called me back for interview , and I'm considering taking a job with them 
Well , to start with , Markweed Inc . has a reputation for being one of the best employers in the field 
The best ... huh ? With so many companies out there , how did they establish themselves in such a solid position on top 
First of all , they have an excellent benefits package for all employees , even the maintenance staff have health and dental coverage 
Really ? What about the pay rate ? Are the wages pretty high 
From what I hear , they are very reasonable . A lot of the prestige the company has built is because they have attacked some high profile employees with their incentives 
Well , what about the work environment ? Not every one is motivated solely by money 
It's a great place to work . They give you fair pay and benefits , and a lot of room to grow . I think if they off you a job , you should definitely take it 
Hello , Mr . Jones 
Hello , Miss Wu 
Long time no see . How is everything at home 
Pretty good , thank you . And you 
OK , thanks . Anything I can do for you 
I need to remit £ 500 to London 
Yes , sir . Would you like to remit it by M / T or by T / T 
T / T , please 
Very well , Mr . Jones 
Have you heard about John ’ s obscene words towards the manager 
Yes , but he should bush it off as if it were not a big deal to him 
How about we go to the flea market today 
Great . I have long been looking forward to there 
Me , too . There are so many cheap but nice things 
I can't help shopping there 
May I speak to Mr . Thomas 
Unfortunately , he has left for the day 
I hate to trouble of you . But it is urgent . Please leave this message into him
I ’ ll make sure he gets the message 
Excuse me , sir , may I talk to you 
Bill ! Sure , come on in . What can I do for you 
Well sir , as you know , I have been an employee of this prestigious firm for over ten years 
Yes 
I won ’ t beat around the bush . Sir , I would like a raise . I currently have three companies after me and so I decided to talk to you first 
A raise ? Son , I would love to give you a raise , but this is just not the right time 
I understand your position , and I know that the current economic downturn has had a negative impact on sales , but you must also take into consideration my hard work , pro-activeness and loyalty to this company for over a decade 
Taking into account these factors , and considering I don ’ t want to start a brain drain , I ’ m willing to offer you a ten percent raise and an extra five days of vacation time . How does that sound 
Great ! It ’ s a deal ! Thank you , sir 
Before you go , just out of curiosity , what companies were after you 
Oh , the electric company , gas company and water company 
We quarreled yesterday , and he picked up and left 
Terrible ! Does he want to divorce 
I am not sure 
Don ’ t lose your reason . Go to find him and talk with him 
Guess who I saw just now 
Who 
John Smith , the escaped criminal 
That bad egg , who took the low road since he was a boy 
I think I must report to the cops 
Ok 
A : Look at this survey conducted by a website . A quarter of the employees will spend an average of 10 minutes everyday online doing personal things . Hi , Francis , what about you 
Well , I just spend 15 minutes as so checking my stock bonds and booking an air ticket for my mother . Anyway , I have done all my work and it is about the time to leave 
Though our company doesn ’ t have a return policy , limiting the personal use of internet , I don ’ t think the boss will like us to do that 
Certainly , work always comes first 
But it is lucky for us . The company computers don ’ t have software keeping tracks of websites we visit . I have shopped too often online these days 
Well , keep a low profile 
What kind of sport do you often do 
I go jogging , how about you 
I used to swim a lot , but now I'm taking gym classes 
Oh , that's fantastic 
Hello , I'd like to see Mr . Baker for some business 
What time would you like to see him 
Would 9:00 o'clock tomorrow morning be alright 
Just a moment , please . I'll check for you 
Hey Lisa ... want to grab lunch with me 
Sure , Emily . We haven't done that in a while 
Yeah ... actually , we haven't hung out at all recently . You seem sort of under the weather . Is there something going on 
Well , keep this under your hat , but I think I'm going to quit after New Year 
Quit this company ? Oh ... wow 
I know I should be pretty happy here , but I'm not finding the kind of job satisfaction I need . I'm a good graphic designer ..
One of the best in the company 
That's kind of you to say . But ... the stuff we do here hasn't really challenged me very much at all 
Oh , I get it . Simply put , you're bored , huh 
That's one way of putting it . For me , a job needs to stimulate my brain , otherwise it becomes a daily drudgery 
Can you tell me something about financial aid 
What exactly 
How to apply for it 
In your first letter , that is , when you apply for admission , you should also tell them you need their financial aid 
Then ..
If the aid is available , they will give you two or more application forms , One is for admission , the others are for the aid 
What if not 
They will tell you the aid is impossible 
Jim , I heard you took a trip to San Diego . Is that right 
Yeah , I just got back this morning 
That sounds really nice . What did you do there 
Well , we were only there for three days , so we didn't do too much . We went shopping and went out to dinner a few times . And at night we walked around the city with some friends 
Did you take any pictures 
Yes , I have them with me . Do you want to look at them 
Sure , I love looking at photos 
This one is of my wife and me on the beach , and this one is our daughter Emily standing next to my wife 
Your daughter looks like her mother 
I know , they look very similar 
Where was this picture taken 
That was taken at the train station before we left 
Did you have time to go to the zoo 
No , not this time . We went there last time 
It looks like you all had a nice time 
Yeah , it was a lot of fun 
Are you a happy married man 
Yes , I am . My wife and I understand each other 
You are a lucky man . How about Mr . Smith 
I don't know . But they say that Mrs . Smith wears the pants in the house 
You mean she bosses her husband around 
That's right . She is pretty , but she wants to control everything in his life 
When can you start the job 
I'll go and quit my job in the ABC Company 
Can you start on Monday 
I'm afraid not , but can you make it Thursday afternoon 
That's all right . When you come , ask for Smith , OK 
Yes . See you then 
I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure . I realized that I might have left my watch 
Yes , Ma'am . May I have your name and room number 
My name is Terry . I stayed last night in your hotel in room 132 
What kind of watch is it 
It's a brand-new Seiko wrist watch 
Yes , we have it 
Oh , I'm glad to hear that . Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel 
I ’ m sorry , dad . But you can ’ t do that . It ’ s for me to decide 
Oh , I see . You ’ Ve already decided , have you ? Now , you listen to me , you ’ re only 19 
I didn ’ t say I ’ d already decided , dad . I said it was for me to decide . There is a difference 
Oh . So you think you can just do whatever you want , do you 
I didn ’ t say that either . I was hoping we could discuss the matter together . I want your advice but I don ’ t want you to tell me what to do . I ’ Ve got to make decisions for myself , dad 
I am fed up with Jack . He is so weak in dealing with other people and always eats dirt 
So he is . But , why not try to help him to become stronger 
How do you know that I didn ’ t try ? I just couldn ’ t manage it 
Look , that bamboo groves are flourishing . Let's go and play there 
Wait ! Look at that board , what's on it 
' Please don't enter the bamboo groves . ' We're not allowed to go in 
Then we'd better not go 
OK 
John , did you have a dream when you was a little boy 
Of course I did . I dreamed to be a pilot when I grow up . But unfortunately , I didn ’ t realize it 
I had the same experience with you . When I was a little boy I dreamed to be a great scientist . But now you see , I'm just a common office clerk 
Okay , forget about that . S , do you have some practical dreams at present 
I do . And now I'm working hard to learn English , and I want to be an interpreter some day 
You're promising . Just follow your dream and never give up 
Thanks , I will 
Can I have this roll of film developed here 
Sure . Let's see it 
Here you are 
What size of prints would you like to have 
Regular will be fine . How long will it take 
Only four hours 
Good . I'll come back in the evening 
Excuse me may I know the name of your corporation 
China National Textiles Import and Export Corporation
We found your samples very attractive.We ' re interested in buying your garments if your prices are reasonable
Our products are of good quality.Since the prices of textiles have gone up in the world market we've had to increase them on some items by about ten percent.If you place a large order it is possible for us to cut down the prices by five percent
Can I have a reduction of seven percent 
It depends on how much you order
Can I use the FAS terms 
I'd rather use the CIF terms.You ' re welcome to come to talk about it in detail with your general manager and sign a contract 
Professor , I've handed in my paper . Did you read it 
Yes . You've done a good job . But there's one thing . You should narrow down your topic 
What about water pollution instead of pollution 
Hey , guys 
Hi ! Nicole 
How's business 
Great . We can't keep up with the demand 
Wow ! I'm impressed 
How about you 
I quit my job as a food critic 
Then let me take you out to dinner to celebrate 
You have been staying at home for several days . Would you like to hang out with me 
No problem . Wait a moment 
When you were in school , what were your favorite subjects 
I enjoyed everything , as long as I was learning 
Still , you must have had some subjects you enjoyed more than others 
Yes , I did like Spanish and Music . But I don't remember much Spanish 
That's too bad . We could really use someone who is bilingual 
If you hire me , I'll start studying Spanish again 
Good afternoon . Can I be of service 
I don't know . Can I purchase Treasury Certificates here at this counter 
Yes , of course . We have Treasury Notes with two , three and five-year terms available 
Two years is fine , with a value of 1,000 RIB 
OK , could I take a look at some ID please , like a passport 
Here you go . By the way , is it possible to cash them before the maturity comes up 
No , I'm afraid that isn't possible . You must wait until maturity before you cash them 
What kind of job do you think I should get 
It all depends on what you want to accomplish in your life 
You didn't ring me last night . You said you would 
I'm sorry to have made you disappointed 
That's all right . But why were you so rude to me at lunch 
Was I ? Sorry , I didn't mean to be . I do apologize 
And why are you yarning now ? Are you bored 
Forgive me darling . I'm very tired 
I want to make a phone call . Can you show me how 
Of course , pick up the receiver , hit a button and listen for a tone . Are you hearing it 
Yes , now what do I do 
Well , after you dial 9 on the keypad , you should hear the tone change 
No , nothing changed 
When you dial 9 and hear the tone change it means you have an outside line . Who are you trying to call 
I am trying to call my boss 
For an outside call you now just dial the number . For a company number you need to know the extension . Do you have a list of extensions 
I know a few extensions but I don't know them all 
You can always look an extension up on the company website 
Happy Birthday , Mary 
Thank you 
Here is a gift for you . I hope you like it 
What a lovely dog ! How did you know I love things like this 
I had my own ways of finding out.It ' s a secret . You look so beautiful today . Your new shirt goes well with your skirt 
Maybe you won't believe this , but it was made by my grandmother 
Really ? It looks so nice 
Thank you , Please have a cup of tea 
All right 
How about some fish 
No , thanks . I've had enough.Now , Mary , before you blow out the birthday candles , you have to make a wish.After that , you may cut the cake 
OK.Let me make a wish ... Do you want a big piece of cake 
No , just a small one.Next Let's sing " Happy Birthday " to Mary 
It is so very kind of you . I'm so moved by you 
My girlfriend dumped me 
Well , that's life 
Jenny , Can you come and help me 
Mom , what should I do 
It's dusty everywhere in the house . Can you help me do the housecleaning 
OK . I will call Peter to clean it together 
That's my good girl . The clothes need washing . I'll do the laundry 
Hey , your Chinese is coming along 
You think 
Yeah . It ’ s a lot better than mine 
But I still get stuck on the different tones.It drives me crazy 
Hang in there . It ’ ll all come together one of these days 
Room Reservations . May I help you 
I'd like to cancel a reservation 
In whose name was the reservation made 
Jim White 
What was the date of the reservation 
From November 21st for 4 nights 
Excuse me , but is the reservation for yourself or for another party 
It's for myself 
May I have your name and phone number , please 
Yes , it's Zheg In and my number is 3811658 
Thank you , sir . I will cancel Mr . White's reservation from November 21st for 4 nights . We look forward to another chance to serve you 
You look so happy , Anna . Any good news 
Yes . I ’ Ve won the first prize in the math contest 
Really ? Congratulations 
Thank you , Paul 
By the way , would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow evening ? Tomorrow is my birthday 
Good , happy birthday to you 
Not so soon . It ’ s not my birthday today . Well , you ’ ll come , won ’ t you 
Sure , I will . Thank you for inviting me 
My pleasure 
Hello , Sunshine Travel Agency 
Hello . Is there a package tour to Beijing 
Well , let me see . We have a nice one on which we still have several unfilled places 
Does the tour have a Chinese-speaking guide 
Yes , sir 
What is the cost of the tour 
Five hundred dollars altogether 
It's a bit expensive . Can you tell me the schedule 
Yes , I will introduce the itinerary in detail 
Which church do you attend 
I am Mormon , so I go to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints 
What ’ s the difference between this and other Churches 
Mormons believe that , after the death of Christ and the death of the Apostles 10 , their church Christ founded became corrupt and the authority of Christ on earth was lost to men . In 1830 , a prophet named Joseph Smith was brought up by God to restore the church 
Then does that mean the other churches are corrupt 
That means that they all have parts of the original gospel , but not all 
Do you believe that Mormons have all of it 
Yes 
Why do you really go to church 
We gather together to encourage each other , because we have common beliefs . We come together and call it church 
I'm afraid I have lost my air ticket while I was shopping 
I'm sorry to hear that.Did you check your shoulder bag carefully 
Yes , I checked again and again , but I can't find it . By the day after tomorrow , can I have the ticket reissued 
I'm afraid you can't 
I talked with the manager over the phone and he told me I can have it reissued because I have a copy of my lost ticket 
Oh , I see . I'll call the manager , then 
Can you believe that Susan got married 
Really ? I remember she said if she would remain single . Is the man very rich 
No . That ’ s what is surprising me 
You means she didn ’ t marry a rich man 
He ’ s a postman 
I thought she would marry a fortune 
Excuse me . May I take a picture of you and your little boy 
What ’ s it for 
It ’ s for a book 
Oh , that ’ s a nice idea . Well , it ’ s fine if you take our picture 
Thank you . I appreciate your help 
What is the great trait in your personality 
I suppose my strong point is that I like developing new things and ideas 
So you may like inventive jobs 
Yes , I like inventive jobs and I am capable and responsible 
Harry is a hen-pecked husband 
No , he isn ’ t 
Then why does he let himself be lead by the nose 
He is afraid of his father-in-law 
Why have you stopped production 
We've had a few problems . One of the bolts has worked loose and a blade has snapped off 
OK . Make sure the power is switched off then tighten up all the bolts on the unit and replace the broken blade . Why is there oil all over the floor 
I think the valve is faulty . I couldn't regulate the pressure and the seal burst . I tried opening the emergency valve but it was jammed 
Clean up the mess first , then fit a new seal and check the valve 
Good afternoon . What can I help you with today 
I have a Time Deposit here and I'd like to get the money now 
The maturity date isn't for another 10 weeks . Are you aware of that 
Yes , I know , but I need the money urgently for a family emergency , you see . I know I should apply in writing if I wish to withdraw , but I'm afraid there just isn't time 
The regulations state that the interest is paid at the rate of a Current Deposit , so unfortunately you will lose some interest 
Well , it can't be helped . I really must have that money . Thank you 
ok , so what have you got in store for me tonight 
I'm really sorry , Ethan . I tried so hard , but I'm afraid I could't find a Dutch restaurant in town . The best I could do was a German one about 15 minutes from here 
what ? I don't understand 
I though you said you wanted to have Dutch food 
Oh ! Ha-ha ! That's not what I mean when I said ' go Dutch ' 
Huh ? What were you talking about , then 
' going Dutch ' means to split the bill , silly 
oath ... that makes so much more sense ! Ha-ha . Well , great , I don't like German food anyway 
Can you help me buy my textbooks 
There will probably be a book list in the bookstore . Do you have your class schedule handy 
No , I don't have that 
To get started , take that list over to the bookstore . Do you know where the bookstore is 
I am not sure where the bookstore is 
When you pass the gym , it'll be the first door on the left . Do you know how to sell your old textbooks for money 
Yes , I knew I could do that . Exactly how do I go about selling them 
If you give your used textbooks to the person at the booth outside the door , he will reimburse you . Can you go over there today 
I think maybe I could be there 
I am free at 1
Maybe that would work 
I'll catch you later then . Have a wonderful morning 
Hey , you wanna see a movie tomorrow 
Sounds like a good plan . What do you want to see 
How about Legally Blonde 
Ah , my girlfriend wanted to see that movie . I have to take her later so I don't want to watch it ahead of time . How about The Cube 
Isn't that a scary movie 
How scary can it be ? Come on , it'll be fun 
Ok . I'll give it a try 
That's the spirit . I'll see you tomorrow after class 
Ok . See you tomorrow 
I think I should join a fitness centre . I am getting a little fat and I'm totally out of shape . Even a quick walk of a few hundred metres leaves me out of breath 
I'm afraid you are beginning to look a little overweight . You really need to stop smoking . That's the main reason you're unhealthy 
I guess you're right . I've tried stopping , but I just can't seem to quit 
Why don't you try smoking one cigarette less each day ? How many do you smoke each day now 
I smoke around 30 each day 
Ok . So for one month , reduce the number you smoke by one a day . At the end of the month , you'll have quit . You should also buy a tracksuit and go jogging every morning . You don't need to jog far 
If I do a few exercises at home , like crunches , I'll soon deal with this waistline 
Be careful when you go jogging . Don't put yourself under too much stress . You're still a smoker shouldn't do too much exercises in your condition 
I'll join a fitness centre . I'm sure they'll be able to give me more advice . There's one near my office , so I can go before and after work . I don't want to go jogging in the street , so I'll use a treadmill 
Good idea . Remember to eat healthily too . The trainers at the fitness centre will be able to advise you on your diet 
Mom 
Mm 
Can my friend , Tom Mitchum , come home with me for lunch tomorrow 
Of course , Jim . Have I met Tom before 
Mm — hmm . You met him last summer . He is small and very smart 
Oh , yes . I remember Tom . His family comes from Maine , right 
Yes 
Where is John ? I can't find him anywhere 
Haven't you heard that he is in prison 
What ? Beg your pardon 
John is in prison now . He was copped outstealing 
I just cann't believe my ears 
You are seemingly upset . What's behind you 
Arden wants to have a trademark for our new series of products registered . But I have no idea on the registering process 
That's not as complicated as you suppose 
Is it so easy ? I never experienced this . Can you tell me something about it 
It is known that there is a time limit for trademarks . And we should not have a similar trademark with the one in the same field 
Based on what you said , does it mean that we can not have a trademark like ' genova ' , right 
Correct . And our country follows the priority of use principle 
Can you tell something about the preparation for the register 
Some relative documents will be needed and the fee may be quite dear . So you need to learn more about the process and regulations about this issue 
Do you mind retiring earlier 
No , I don't mind in the least . I want to do something of my own . What about you 
I do . I don't know what to do after I retire . I'd like to work till I drop 
What are the seasons like in your city 
Summers is hot and usually lasts a long time . Winters are short , but cold , wet , and windy . I love the summers in my city , but I hate the wintertime 
Does it ever rain in summer 
We usually get a big thunderstorm every two weeks , but apart from that , summers are dry . Thunderstorms make the air fresh again , so most people don ’ t mind then 
What are spring and autumn like 
I like spring because flowers bloom and trees grow leaves again . In spring , the weather is very changeable-sometimes cold , sometimes warm . It ’ s usually windy with some rain . Autumn is usually sunny an
Well , I live in the southern hemisphere , so our summertime is your wintertime , and vice versa . We get some rain in every season , but most is in winter . In winter , it sometimes gets cold , but our wine
Do you usually go on a summer holiday 
No , I don ’ t . I go on a winter holiday instead . I go somewhere warm 
I usually go on holiday during the spring or the autumn . I try to go somewhere where the weather is more reliable than in my city 
So , Jack , do you believe in ghosts 
No , not really . Why do you ask 
Because I want to tell you about the time that I saw a ghost 
You saw a ghost ? When 
It was many years ago , when I was a little child . It was the middle of the night , and I went to get a drink of water from the kitchen . I walked out of my room and was at the top of the stairs , when ..
So that's where you saw the ghost ? In your house ? What did it look like ? Was it hideous 
It was a big , green thing that looked like a person . It was in the kitchen , and it slowly moved towards the stairs ..
So what did you do 
I hid so that it couldn't see me . Slowly it got closer and closer , until ..
Until what ? What happened ? Did you see it clearly ? Did it attack you 
It moved slowly up the stairs , step by step , and I could hear its approaching footsteps . When it finally got to the top of the stairs , I realized that it was my father in his green pajamas . He had gone to get a late night snack 
Good morning , Madam . This is room service , may I help you 
Good morning . I'd like to reserve some rooms for a tourist party 
All right . What kind of room would you like 
You see , we are tourists whose requests are different , so please tell me more about it , will you 
It's my pleasure . We have single rooms , double rooms , suites and luxury suites , ect . Well , here is an introduction to our hotel 
That's great . I'd like to book four single rooms , five double rooms and three suites 
All right , madam . For which dates do you want to book the rooms 
From tomorrow till January 8th . That's five days in all 
I see . Now please fill out the form 
Here you are . Is everything OK 
Just a minute , madam . You should pay a deposit of 500 yuan beforehand 
OK . Here you are 
Thank you . Please keep this receipt 
Thank you . By the way , is there any preferential rate for the party 
Yes , there is a 15 percent discount 
That's wonderful . Thank you 
You're welcome . I hope all of you will have a good time here 
Are you almost finished with my hair 
I'm almost finished 
How much longer is it going to be 
I'm done now . Do you like it 
I absolutely love it 
You really like it 
Yes , I truly do 
I'm glad you like it 
How much do I owe you 
It's going to be $ 55 
Here you go , thanks for everything 
Make sure and come back in a couple of weeks 
I'm in 507 , and I have a big problem 
I'm so sorry . Kindly tell me what the problem is , sir 
Everywhere I look , I see cockroaches 
Perhaps you could look again , sir , to double-check 
The next cockroach I see will be number ten 
Mr . Sandals , I've worked here five years without seeing one cockroach 
I've already suffered enough without listening anymore to you 
You're right , sir . Please let me transfer you to my supervisor
Mrs . Schmidt ! What's happening 
You'll never guess what happened today ! I went to the doctor after work and the doctor told me ..
And the doctor told you to start listening to Bach 
No ... He told me I'm pregnant 
Congratulations 
And so I bought all these books on having kids and ..
And they said you should play classical music 
How did you know ! They say listening to classical music can make your baby smarter 
You look like in perfect condition 
I go to the gym every day to keep fit 
Which sports do you participate in 
I've been doing yoga for a long time 
Can you tell me something about yoga 
Yoga is used to promote people's physical , intellectual and mental harmony and healthy 
How do you feel when you practice yoga 
Oh , I feel really tired and sweat a lot 
But it will help you keep fit 
Sure . But more importantly , I can have peace of mind 
Is this the foreign exchange department 
Yes , can I help you 
I need some US Dollars 
What kind of currency have you got 
RIB . By the way , what is the exchange rate today 
One US Dollars in cash is equivalent t0 7.9 Yuan 
And I want to change 4000 Yuan 
Minus the fee . Here are your dollars . Please sign here 
OK , thank you 
I'm afraid I have to return this sweater 
May I ask if there's anything wrong with it 
You see , there is a run at the neck 
Oh , sorry.But do you want to change it for another one 
No , thank you 
My wife and I are thinking about taking our parents with us on a vacation . Do you have any suggestion about where to go 
The choice of destination is very important . It will too energetic for the old people if you make an excursion or go to climb mountains . But they'll be interested in going to the historical places of interest where they can have fun 
Sometimes what young people like is different from the old . Maybe we can go visit first and then do some shopping 
That's a good idea . That will allow both you and your parents to enjoy yourselves 
What should we bring besides a change of clothes , money and some snacks 
It's some medicine the doctor recommends . If you leave it at home , you will find it difficult to face up when the old people suffered a seizure 
Oh , yes ! I didn't think about that.Thank you for reminding me . How many days should we spend on a vacation 
You'd better have all a light schedule . You can rest up for a few days if your parents find tired 
It seems that good planning for a family vacation is important to make sure everyone will be happy 
Yes , that's right . Having an enjoyable time together is the goal 
Do you have a light 
Sorry , I don't smoke 
Good evening , sir 
May I have the key for Room 358 , please 
Certainly . Oh , you have a message here 
Thank you . Is there any mail for me 
No , there isn't at the moment 
Is everything ready for the big family barbecue tomorrow 
Yep . The steaks and chicken are marinated and I also bought hamburger buns 
We should also cook a couple dozen hot dogs and kebabs 
Yeah , good idea.We can put some lawn furniture outside next to the grill . I also set up the tent outside so we can hide from the sun if it gets too hot 
Great ! I asked Grace to bring cups and serviettes as she is also bringing two big coolers for the beers 
This is gonna be a great barbecue 
Welcome , how may I help you today 
I'm ask for a pizza , please 
Then you will be happy to here that today all our pizzas are on sale . Two for one 
You're right , that is great 
What size would you like 
Medium one will be perfect , thank you
Which kind do you want 
I like seafood on my pizza 
We have two seafood pizzas . Tuna and crab 
Tuna sounds good today 
Would that be for here or take away 
That would be to go 
That'll be in a ten minutes . Please sit over there , and I'll call you over as sooner as it's ready 
No problem 
What's the specialty of your restaurant 
The crab soup is quite delicious.It ' s always a favorite with our customers 
I'm afraid I don't like seafood quite well . Would you suggest some others 
Well , why not try Spaghetti Bolognese 
OK . I will follow your advice 
Why did you choose Applied Sociology as your major 
I think Applied Sociology is a practical subject that can be widely applied to research on soci-ety and man . Hence , I chose it as my major 
Have you taken the course in Public Relations when you are in college 
I am sorry to say I haven't , but I have taken many other courses that concerns the PR , such as Social Psychology , Public Affairs and Mass Communication 
When are we leaving for our field trip 
Our science field trip is next Monday at 8 a . m . in the morning . Can you mark that on your calendar 
Yes , I will write that down 
That will be Monday , December 2nd . We need to start loading the buses half an hour early , so plan to arrive at 7 
Yes , I will be there on time 
We will return 6 days later on December 8th . Will someone be picking you up 
Yes , someone is coming to get me 
The return bus will leave the campground at 5 p . m . and return to campus 3 hours later at 8 p . m 
What should we bring with us 
I am going to post all of that information on the geology club web page . Check it out when you get a chance . See you Monday 
Are you feeling better today , Bill 
Well , it's hard to say . I cough a lot in the evening 
You'd better give up smoking . It's bad for your health 
You're right , but you know , it's hard to give up an old habit 
But you should make up your mind first 
You know , I often have to work till late at night . I need something to keep me awake 
Why don't you go to bed and get up early ? You'll have the same time for work 
Thank you for your advice ! I'll try it 
Hi , Kenji 
Hi , Debbie . Have a seat . How's it going 
I'm OK . How are you doing 
Pretty good . Listen ... have you heard about the new Thai restaurant over on University Avenue 
Do you mean The Bangkok 
That's the one . A bunch of us are going there for dinner tomorrow night.How about coming with us 
Sure , I'd love to 
Great . I'll call and make reservations 
Any time after 6 o'clock is good for me.Oh ! I'm late ! I have a class 
All right . I'll call you tonight and tell you the time 
Great . Talk to you then 
IBA , Maria speaking . How can I help 
Hello , I called earlier regarding interest rates on loans . Sorry , I just have a couple more questions 
I'm here to help . Tell me your questions and I'll do my best to answer them 
What if I require a loan for a short period of time 
What repayment period were you thinking of 
Say , 6 months ? Or less in fact . I want to repay the loan ASAP ; I don't like debt hanging over my head 
A wise decision . If you decide to take out a short-term loan with us , say for 6 months or less , the interest rate shall be for that of a 6 - month loan 
What if I repay it early . Any perks 
Well , we could adjust the interest rate based on the original rate and the amount of days you actually borrowed the money for 
So , the quicker I pay it back , the more I can save in interest ? That's excellent . Thanks so much for your information . I'll come in shortly to take the relevant steps for the loan 
It's our pleasure . We are always happy to have another satisfied customer . Thanks for calling . Goodbye 
Hello , Miao Li , Where are you going 
Hello , I am going to the store to buy some fruit 
Oh , Would you do me a favor 
Yes 
Please mail this letter for me on your way to the store 
Sure . Do you want it to be registered 
Yes , I think so . There are some pictures in it . It would be a great pity if they were lost 
Yes , I will be glad to mail your letter 
Thanks 
you are welcome 
Julia , burglaries in our town have been on the wing 
Why do you say that 
I heard that a robbery happened in our town several days ago . The robbers ripped off a car in broad daylight 
Thank God , we haven't encountered a burglar . I hope that our house is secure against burglary 
I am worrying about it too . I want to install a security door 
Is the security door useful 
Yes , I think so . The security door is so firm that nobody can break in 
I totally agree with you . In this way I won't be afraid of the burglar if you are away 
OK , I will do it right now 
After you 
No , after you . Ladies first 
That's very kind of you 
It smells like an ashtray in here 
Hi honey ! What ’ s wrong ? Why do you have that look on your face 
What ’ s wrong ? I thought we agreed that you were gonna quit smoking 
No ! I said I was going to cut down which is very different . You can ’ t just expect me to go cold turkey overnight 
Look , there are other ways to quit . You can try the nicotine patch , or nicotine chewing gum . We spend a fortune on cigarettes every month and now laws are cracking down and not allowing smoking in any public place . It ’ s not like you can just light up like before 
I know , I know . I am trying but , I don ’ t have the willpower to just quit . I can ’ t fight with the urge to reach for my pack of smokes in the morning with coffee or after lunch ! Please understand 
Fine ! I want a divorce 
May I speak to Mr.Huang , please 
I'm sorry . Mr.Huang is quite busy right now . Could I pass him the message 
Well , you see , I won't be able to keep my 9
Let me see . He's free from 3:00 to 4:30 tomorrow afternoon . Can you make it then 
Yes , of course . Thank you very much 
You're quite welcome . Thank you for calling . Bye-byeB
Hurry up , will you 
What's the rush 
Hello 
Is that the box-office 
Yes 
I'd like to book two tickets for the film ' Jane Eyre ' for this evening , please 
Just a minute please . Oh , I'm sorry , all the tickets for tonight have been sold out 
What a pity ! How about tomorrow evening 
Oh , you're lucky , there are just two tickets left . Do you want to take them 
Wonderful , I'll take them 
OK , your name and telephone number please 
Wang Min . Telephone number is 13811658 . Can I pick the tickets this afternoon 
Yes , of course 
Thank you very much 
I don't think I can manage this morning . I wonder if we could after the time of meeting to tomorrow afternoon 
I'll look out for you about 2 tomorrow afternoon 
All right.Thank you 
Hi , I ’ m Mary Smith 
Hello , I ’ m the landlord . John Taylor 
Nice to meet you Mr . Taylor 
Please , call me John 
O . K . , John . Well , can I have a look at the place 
Sure . Come on it . We just finished rebuilding everything 
Oh , it hasn ’ t been painted yet 
No , we ’ re going to get that done next week 
Well . It ’ s certainly nice . You ’ Ve done a great job 
Thank you 
The rent is $ 600 a month 
That ’ s right 
Well , I think I ’ ll take it . Can I write you a check for the security deposit now ? $ 1200 
Yeah . But why don ’ t you come by your office tomorrow to sign the lease 
That would be fine 
Thank you . See you tomorrow 
See you 
I ’ Ve gotta hand it to you , you really did a good job 
So glad that you think so 
I think you deserve a promotion 
Oh , really ? Thanks a lot ... well , I still have a lot to learn , I guess 
Do you carrying fresh fish 
Yes we do . Check the meat department . There is a fish counter there too 
I already looked , but did not see anything 
Let me show you 
Thanks 
See , it's right over there 
Oh , gosh . I didn't see it 
That's all right 
I ’ m not a Christian . I just want to know why Americans believe that sort of thing 
Believe what 
You know ... like , say God is the creator of the universe , the Bible , and Jesus Christ ..
You don ’ t believe that ? Everyone interprets the Bible in a different way . To some people , the Gospel 5 is a source of much comfort 
What do you believe , John ? Are you Christian 
To tell you the truth , I don ’ t know if I ’ m a Christian or not . Christians don ’ t often share the same belief . But I believe that we all possess , by the grace of God , the potential to create fantastic changes on this earth 
Do you believe that one religion is better than another 
No , all religions are essentially based on the same ideals , so no one is really better 
Do you go to church regularly 
When I ’ m home in the States , I go , but not in China 
She's a Persian . She has papers and everything . Not like a street dog 
Cats chase mice , don't they 
And bugs . They can catch anything 
Do you have to walk a cat 
No , they use litter boxes or go outside by themselves.Thev ' re so smart 
But then you have to change the litter box 
It's better than picking up dog poop 
Could you help me figure out how to look for a job 
We have lots of options , what type of job do you need 
I want to work in an office 
Do you want to work part-time or full-time 
I want to work full-time 
We have binders with local job listings or you can make use of the computers . OK 
I am confused a bit but I am sure that I can figure it out 
If you make an appointment with a job counselor , they can also provide you with a lot of information . Do you want to see a counselor 
No , I don't think I need to do that 
Well , you know that this job center is here for your use , so help yourself . Good luck 
Could you drive me to the bank 
Of course , ma'am , Tell me where to go 
Go down this road and then turn left 
All right.There we go 
Lily , I am terribly sorry about this . But we have to put off or cancel tomorrow's meeting 
Cancelled ? That's just can't happen 
Sorry to say , but nothing can be done . The equipment broke down and can't be fixed till Friday 
Oh , I hope it be fixed on Friday 
My stomach's growling again 
You'll never lose weight if you listen to your stomach 
Just a little steak , uh ... snack ? A bowl of clam chowder 
You want to be beautiful , don't you ? Think about the butter and flour in ..
You're right . But if I get too thin , my mom will make me go to the hospital again 
Most models only eat once a day . If they can do it , so can we 
You know . Soup , well , society makes us like this 
I think you're hallucinating ! What are you talking about 
Well , thin is always " in " with the media 
And your point is 
if you aren't thin , you're nobody 
I agree with you , but I think people are pretty bad , too 
You lost me 
People are always gossiping about one another 
Yeah , but that's human nature 
We can be so critical of one another 
Let's change the stomach , I mean , the subject.How about some food 
It's Sunday today 
Yes , I know 
I think we should have a house cleaning today . What's your opinion 
Oh , no . We just did it last week 
Come on . What do you want to do ? Washing clothes or cleaning the house 
I'd rather wash the clothes 
Okay . Here is the laundry 
Oh , My God ! So much 
Don't worry . I'll help you with it later 
Hi , Mike . I am going to move on the first of next month 
Congratulations ! So , have you started planning your move 
Yes , I am trying to find good movers now . Do you know any 
Not really 
What did you do for your last move 
Since I did not have much staff , I asked my cousin to help me out 
Oh . that's very nice of him 
Yeah , it was . But I still have some information that I collected last time , and if you want , I will give it to you 
Yes , please 
Excuse me . But are you Mrs . Smith from America 
That's it . I am Maria Smith . You must be Zhang Lin from Tianjin Sports Facility Co.Ltd 
Yes . Nice to meet you , Mrs Smith 
Nice to meet you too , Mr . Zhang 
Broadway Mall is having a big sale this weekend . You wanna go 
Don't feel like it . I'm broke 
Well , we can still do some window shopping , can't we 
Just look around ? Ah , that's boring 
I'll go myself then 
Mr.Keller , may I call at your home sometime the week 
Oh , certainly.When would you like to come 
Well , when will it be convenient for you 
This weekend would be OK with me 
I'm bored and got nothing to do tonight 
How about coming with me to meet my American friends 
Hey , that sounds great 
Okay , I'll pick you up at eight o'clock 
Why don ’ t you introduce him ? I wonder if we will become good friends 
He is the guy I was telling you about 
Hello , Mr.Green . This is Lin Tong . How are you 
Hi , Mr.Lin . I am leaving tomorrow and I am just packing 
Oh , sorry to interrupt you . But I am calling to say goodbye to you . I am awfully sorry to tell you that I am afraid I could not see you off at the airport tomorrow , because I will have to attend a very important meeting 
It doesn't matter , Mr.Lin . I can understand . I know you are always very busy . Work must come first 
Thanks a lot . You have been here for almost three weeks . How time flies 
Yes . And I would like to convey my thanks to you for your help during my stay here in Nanjing 
It is our pleasure . It has been a great pleasure to work with you 
Me too . I am looking forward to cooperating with you again 
Really ? Great ! We will . Well , what's your flight number ? When are you leaving tomorrow 
It's Flight No . 104 , Northey Airlines , which leaves at ten O'dock tomorrow evening 
OK , I will send someone to see you off 
That is so thoughtful of you 
My pleasure . Take care and have a nice trip 
Thanks a lot . My wife and I will be welcoming and looking forward to your visit 
Let's call it a deal . Hope to see you again soon . Keep in touch then . Byebye 
Goodbye . Thanks again 
When can I get high speed internet installed 
You're going to have to make an appointment 
Can I make one right now 
When would you like the installation to be done 
I'm off this Friday 
The only time we can come on Friday is at 3
I'm going to need it installed earlier than that 
I'm sorry , but we're booked up on Friday 
Is Saturday any better 
Saturday is perfect . What time would you like 
Is 11
That's perfect . See you on Saturday 
Do you think chinese families have changed much in the last 50 years 
I think families everywhere have changed a lot in the last 5 decades 
What do you think is the biggest change 
Well , in the past , three or four generations would live together under the same roof . Nowadays , living in the same city as one's relatives is becoming rare 
That's true . You know , some husbands and wives don't even live in the same city any more 
Would you consider having your parents live with you when they get older 
I guess I'm a bit old-fashioned . I'd rather have my parents live with me than live in a retirement room 
That's very respectable , but I could never live with my parents . I usually only see them at our christmas celebration — and that's enough 
How about your other siblings ? Do they spend a lot of time with your parents 
Two of my sisters still live at home , even though they have already graduated from university and have good jobs . They enjoy spending their free time with my parents . I guess in that respect , I'm the black sheep of the family 
I see . Do your parents ever ask you to come home to visit them more often 
They're always asking me to come home , but I think our relationship is better if we keep a distance from each other . Whenever we see each other , all we do is fight 
So I'm on the fifth floor ? How come this hotel has no fourth floor 
Four is an unlucky number here , Peter.Four sounds like death in Chinese.Hotels often have no fourth floor 
I see.Oh , I know what I wanted to ask.How much should I tip this guy 
People don't usually tip here , but you can.Fifty dollars should be more enough 
Hi . You enjoying the party 
Yes , actually . I don't really know anyone , but it's a nice place . Are you having a good time 
Yes . The drinks are very good ! I'm Paul , by the way 
Hello Paul . I'm Jane . So what do you do 
I'm in finance . You 
Really ? Me , too . I work for an accountancy company , T & D . Maybe you've heard of them 
T & D ? Oh , yes , sure . How long have you worked there 
About two years . And you ? Are you based here 
No . Actually , I'm based in Shanghai . I'm just here for the conference . So , T & D eh ..
Since China was open to the outside world , its trade forms have become much more flexible . One of these commonly used forms is co-production . Would you please do a bit explanation of it , Mr . Walker 
Well , under this arrangement two parties cooperate to manufacture a product or a category of products , for example , machine tools for export . Each party produces and supplies a part of the components and parts ; one party is a Chinese enterprise , the other , an overseas firm . Most probably , the foreign counterpart contributes technology and equipment , and sometimes , parts and components , while the Chinese enterprises factory building , labor and other resources to the cooperative production . They join hands and fulfill orders together by an agreement or a contract 
I suppose that the assembling of these components and parts , particularly the marketing of the finished products should take place in China 
Not necessarily . It depends on the contract stipulations . They may be marketed in the foreign country where the other party is located , or even in a third country 
I think the principle of co-production is to expand export trade . It's a reciprocal business , isn't it 
Yes , you are right . Either party is not well-equipped to produce the final products single-handedly , but they can enter into an agreement . In such case , each side contributes different resources to make the manufacture of a certain product or a category of products possible 
It's a beautiful day ! Let's play on those rides in the park 
Sounds like a good idea . I love to play on the jungle gym 
Me too . I love to play on the swing as well . Swing is my favorite 
That's great . Then we won't fight over taking the same ride 
Look at the flowers over there . What are they 
They are morning glories . They are cute , aren't they 
They are . We can find many different kinds of flowers and insects in the park 
I think so . Last time I saw dandelions and ladybugs near the pond 
If you come to the park in the morning , you can find squirrels running on the lawn 
It's really healthy to do some exercise there . The air is fresher and it's romantic to watch the sunset with your lover 
Well , off we go . I am sure we can have a great time 
Here we are , Joan . This is the Palace museum , also known as the Forbidden city 
Oh , how splendid ! Can you take a picture of me here 
Sure 
Can I help you , sir 
I'm here for the backpack you announced several minutes ago 
OK , take a seat please , sir . First of all , can you show me your ID please 
Sure . Here you are 
OK , could you please tell me what your backpack looks like 
Of course , it's a soft leather one , you know , not a sports one that looks childish 
Mmm ... does it zip closed 
No , it's straps closed , and it has a buckle in the front 
OK , can you tell me the distinguishing features of this backpack 
Oh , yeah , the brand name 
So what's it , sir 
Oh , it's a Polo . It has the logo on the back and at the bottom in the left-hand corner 
OK , can you name the items in it 
Well , all the gifts for my family , you know , two pairs of sneakers for my children and a bottle of perfume for my wife 
OK , sir , I'm sure it's your bag . Thank you for your cooperation . You can have it now 
Thank you so much . You guys are really responsible 
Can I help you , sir 
I'm here for the backpack you announced several minutes ago 
OK , take a seat please , sir . First of all , can you show me your ID please 
Sure . Here you are 
OK , could you please tell me what your backpack looks like 
Of course , it's a soft leather one , you know , not a sports one that looks childish 
Mmm ... does it zip closed 
No , it's straps closed , and it has a buckle in the front 
OK , can you tell me the distinguishing features of this backpack 
Oh , yeah , the brand name 
So what's it , sir 
Oh , it's a Polo . It has the logo on the back and at the bottom in the left-hand corner 
OK , can you name the items in it 
Well , all the gifts for my family , you know , two pairs of sneakers for my children and a bottle of perfume for my wife 
OK , sir , I'm sure it's your bag . Thank you for your cooperation . You can have it now 
Thank you so much . You guys are really responsible 
Hey , Karen . Look like you got some sun this weekend 
Yeah ? I guess so . I spent the weekend at beach 
That ’ s great . Where did you stay 
Some friends of my parents live out there , and they invited me there 
So , what did you do out there ? I mean besides bask in the sun , obviously 
I jogged up and down the beach and played volleyball . You know I never realized how hard it is to run on sand . I couldn ’ t get through a whole game before I had to sit down 
Not to mention cooler . Did you go swimming 
I wanted to , but the water is too cold , and I just wetted in up to my knees 
It all sounds so relaxing . I wish I could get away to the beach like that 
It looks like you could use it . Don ’ t tell me you spent the weekend in the library again 
Hello , welcome to prise star hotel . How may I do for you 
Hi , yes , I have a reservation . My secretary called and booked a room a couple of weeks ago , the reservation should be for a double bed , none smoking room 
And what name of reservation made under 
It should be under Steve Johnson 
Mmm , let me see , it seems there is no Johnson listed for a room for tonight , is there any other name that you reservation list under 
No , here is the confirmation number , would that help ? It is 898007 , I had the room booked with a visa cord card 
Ah , yes , here it is , you have a standard double room , non smoking on the 3rd floor , I just need to see some identification and the credit card you booked the room with if you don ’ t mind 
Housekeeping , may I come in 
Come in please 
Good coming , sir . May I do your room now 
How long will it take 
Your room will be ready in half an hour 
Well , would you please come back fifteen minutes later ? We are to visit the Tower 
Of course , sir . Have a good day 
Good.Now what kind of job do you want ? Mr.Wilson 
I don't mind really.Perhaps a job in a shop or a factory 
Well , I know Brown's Biscuit Factory are looking for a porter.They pay $ 200 a week 
That sounds all right 
Good.Now here's the address of the factory.The manager's name is ..
What kind of car is best for me 
For you , I would recommend this one here 
The compact ? Why do you think that one is better than the others 
This automobile is just right for your needs because not only is it compact for ease in city driving , but also , it has many safety features . I know that as a parent , you are concerned about safety in driving your kids to and from school 
That's true . What kind of safety features are we talking about 
This model features anti-lock brakes , airbags on both driver and passenger sides , and impact collision design . But that's not all . This car isn't only safe but it's also very economical 
You mean it has a cheaper price than similar models 
Yes , this price is very affordable , but driving this car you'll also notice a significant annual saving in gas consumption . The main attraction for this model is the fuel economy 
With the cost of gasoline these days , that is a big plus . I think this model may be just what I'm looking for 
Why don't you take it for a test drive , and think it over 
Can I help you 
I'd like to buy some Chinese-style cakes . Could you recommend me some 
Certainly . What about moon cake ? It's typical Chinese food 
Moon cakes ? What is that 
The moon cake is round and looks like the full moon . That's why it's called the moon cake and the moon cake symbolizes family reunion and harmony 
Sounds very interesting . I'll buy some to family people 
All the moon cakes are generally classified into two styles , Cantonese style and Suzhou style 
What's the difference between these two styles 
The skin of Cantonese style cakes is soft and puffy with heavy stuffing while the skin of Suzhou style cakes is puffy filled with fragrant nuts 
Get me some of each 
OK , here you are 
Excuse me , can you tell me the name of the book you read 
Harry Potter 
Harry Potter ? Is that book funny 
Actually , the language itself is not so funny , but you can imagine the scene , that's funny 
Got it 
Have you ever read this book before 
No , but my little brother likes it very much 
It's really a good book . You will like it too 
I'll try to read it . Actually , I like literature very much 
Wow , that sounds like a scholar . By the way , who's your favorite writer 
Jane Austen 
Me too . Pride and Prejudice is my favorite 
I like it too . But Sense and Sensibility is my favorite 
You won't believe what just happened 
What 
I went down to change some money , right 
Yes . We need some . How much did you change 
I wanted to change around 5000 dollars . And you know the exchange rate 
Yes , it's about 35 pesos for every Taiwan dollar , right 
Not today 
What do you mean 
I went into the bank with my money , and I looked at the exchange board.At first I couldn't believe it . I thought I was reading the board wrong or something 
Why 
Because the board said 60 pesos for every Taiwan dollar 
Sixty ? That's too much . How can that be 
I thought it was wrong too . It didn't make sense 
Just two days ago it was 35 . How can it be 60 
So , I went up to the teller and started to exchange the money . And it's true.They really gave me sixty pesos for the dollar 
That's amazing ! Really ? How could it change so much in two days 
What can I do for you 
I would like to file a complaint 
What happened 
I was robbed 
When did this happen 
It happened this morning 
What was taken from you 
My wallet and my cell phone 
Were you able to get a look at this person's face 
Yes , I was 
Would you be able to pick him out of a line-up 
That would be easy 
I have just had my new paper published 
You have done excellent work 
I'm going to Britain 
Really ? How did you get the chance 
I have been accepted by Oxford University on PhD 
My warmest congratulations on your entering the Oxford University 
I really appreciate your kind words 
Hello , I really appreciate the opportunity to interview for this position 
I was wondering if you like team projects , or projects that you work on alone 
I like to work on group projects that value and need each individual ’ s contributions 
Are you most interested in a good steady job with benefits or one that will allow you to quickly advance 
I have children so a steady job is important but I would like a chance to advance 
How would you feel about relocating to another state 
I could not relocate in the next year , but might be open to it in the future 
Do you know how much this job offers per year 
A minimum of 75,000 per year 
OK , well , that ’ s all I need to know for now . If something comes up , we ’ ll be contacting you 
Do you have any hats 
Yes , we do . I'll show you several kinds 
I like both of the two hats . Can you give me a discount if I buy both of them
Sure , we'll take 20 % off the price 
I like this colour and it is very bright 
This color is becoming to you , too 
Yes , I think so . How much are they 
The pink one is 30 yuan , and the purple one is 35 yuan 
What is your temperature now 
My temperature is 39 degrees centigrade 
How high was your temperature yesterday 
I didn't take my temperature but I felt feverish 
Will you open your mouth ? Your throat is swollen 
Doctor , I can't eat any foods because I had a sore throat 
You seem to have a cold . I'll give your an injection and let me write down your prescription 
Hello , how can I be of service 
Hello . I'm not sure who I need to speak to . I got this 50 yuan note today and it seems a little odd to me 
The first thing we do is check the feel of the paper ;d oes it feel too thick or too thin ? Then we check the watermark . In my opinion it is counterfeit . I'll just run it through the scanner to double check 
What happens now 
Well , it's our policy to confiscate all counterfeit notes . So , unfortunately you'll lose this 50 RIB . We'll give you a receipt to show the note has been confiscated 
Mr . Bryant ? Hi , I'm Mike from Florence Incorporated . I'll glad you made it okay . How was your flight 
It was pretty bumpy , also a bit long , all together about 5 hours 
That is a long flight . You had a layover too , is that right ? You must be tired 
Actually I feel quite rested . I was able to sleep on the plane 
Good ! Here , let me help you with your bag . Is it your first time to Seattle ? I'd be happy to take you around this city and show you the sights tonight if you're up to it 
That will be very nice . You're too kind 
I've already made a hotel reservation for you , let's go to the hotel first and drop off your things . Then , I'd like to have a drink so that we can get better acquainted . I've booked a table at an exclusive restaurant downtown . Afterwards , I've made arrangements to take you to see the city lights . Seattle ’ s nightlife can be really quite exciting . How does that schedule sound to you 
Sounds great . Thank you for your hospitality 
I want to buy a wallet 
Here are all the wallets with various designs . How about this one ? It is quite fashionable 
May I pick it up 
Of course 
Do you have one of better quality 
This one is much better , but it is also much more expensive 
There is no problem about the price . How much is it 
Two hundred and thirty-five yuan 
OK , I'll take it 
Daniel , would you like to have a look at my dorm 
Of course , I'd like to 
It is a small room , just for 4 people 
What is in it 
It only has 4 beds and 4 writing desks , but it is spacious and bright 
Do you get along with your roommates 
Of course . They are very friendly 
Which floor are you on 
We are on the 5th floor , and there's a very nice view from the balcony 
Oh , you can climb the stairs as a workout 
Yes , that's a good idea 
Wow , your roommates are cleaning the room 
Let's give them a hand 
There are so many environment problems in the world today . Do you think we can really solve them all or will destroy the world 
I hope that world leaders can get together and agree on a plan of action , but I doubt it ’ ll happen before it ’ s too late 
We need to solve the problem of air pollution before we destroy the atmosphere . There ’ s lots of clean , modern technology , but companies in developed countries say it ’ s expensive . Developing countries
Everyone is looking at the issue in the short term , rather than the long term . It ’ s the same with the destruction of the rainforests . Countries and companies just want the wood . They ’ re not thinking a
In other parts of the world , especially in Africa , there is a problem with desertification . Climate change and over-farming are causing farmland to turn into desert . In means that people cannot grow e
It also means that people sometimes fight over the farmland that remains . Damaging the environment actually leads to conflict between people 
Have you ever thought about joining an organization committed to protecting the environment ? You could get involved with projects to improve the environment 
I think I ’ d like to do that . I could take the things I learn here back to my country when I have finished my studies 
I can't finish this steak 
That's all right 
Hi . My minibar is empty 
You already finished off everything , sir 
I finished off everything 
Would you like anything in particular 
The Perrier and the Jim Beam . Let me have three more of each 
Beam and Perrier . Anything else , sir 
I really loved the apples in my room . Bring me a few more , please 
Sure thing . Might there by anything else 
Oh , yes , speaking of fruit , bring me some grape juice , too 
Perrier , Jim Beam , apples , and grape juice . It will all be there shortly , sir 
Hi , Susan 
Hi , Lily ! How is everything 
Not so well . I've come down with the flu 
I ’ m sorry to hear that.Take care of yourself 
Thank you 
Do you think I still fashionable in this dress 
I think so . Blue is still very fashionable at the moment 
This style came out last year , though . I like the dress , but I ’ m not sure whether last year ’ s fashions will be same this year 
I think this kind of dress will stay in fashion for a few more years . People don ’ t change fashions every year . It would be too expensive 
Yes . Only the top designer try to tell people to change fashion every year , but only rich people can do it 
There are some real fashion victims who just have to keep totally up-to-date with expensive clothes 
I wish I could be one of those people , but my budget simply doesn ’ t stretch that far . I have to limit the amount of money I spend on clothes otherwise I would go on a shopping frenzy 
I know what you mean . The situation will be worse if we marry our boyfriends and have children . The we ’ ll have even less money to spend on fashionable clothes 
Are you ready to order , sir 
What's the special here 
We have steamed chicken , braised pork and Beijing roast duck and so on . Here's the menu . What would you like to have 
Well , let's try some braised pork , sweet and sour fish and some fried beans 
Would you like anything to drink 
Just some soft drinks and only a bottle of beer 
All right . Wait for a moment , please 
What can I do for you 
Yes , I made a reservation for 3 days for April 3rd to 6th , and my name is Sara 
Yes , what's the problem 
Well , I want to extend it for 2 more nights 
So you will stay until 9th 
Yes 
OK , we'll make the correction for you 
Thank you 
Hi.Mike 
Hi , Peter ! How are you 
Fine , thanks.And you 
Very well , thanks 
Hello everyone ! I ’ m Rick Fields , and here with me is Bob Copeland 
Howdy folks , and welcome to today ’ s game ! You know , Rick , today is a key game between Russia and Canada . As you know , the winner will move on to the finals 
That ’ s right , and it looks like we ’ re just about ready to start the match . The ref is calling the players for the face-off ... and here we go ! The Russians win possession and immediately set up their attack ! Federal gets checked hard into the boards 
Maurice Richard has the puck now , and passes it to the center . He shoots ! Wow what a save by the goalie 
Alright , the puck is back in play now . Pavel Bure is on a breakaway ! He is flying down the ice ! The defenders can ’ t keep up ! Slap shot ! He scores 
What an amazing goal 
Hi , Mary , long time no see 
I heard through the grapevine that your getting married 
Yes , next March 
Congratulations , I hope everything works out 
Would you help me figure out what to do about the office party 
I would be happy to help . What would you like me to help with , food or entertainment 
I would like to help you with both 
That will work out fine . To make sure everything goes together , do you think this party should be casual or dressy 
A dressy party would be fun 
That will work out fine . Do you think that Chinese or Continental food would be best 
We should probably have both 
Yes , that will work out fine . Should we hire a band or bring in a DJ 
Maybe we could do both 
Everything sounds great then ! I'll meet you back here on Friday to discuss the details 
Good morning . What can I do for you , sir 
Good morning . I'd like to have a haircut 
Very well . Please sit down here . Do you want me to cut your hair very close 
Please cut the sides shorter , but not so much at the back 
It's such a hot season , isn't it ? May I suggest thinning out the top 
That's a good idea . But leave the front as it is now 
( several minutes later ) Now it's done . Is it satisfactory 
Very good , thanks 
Anything else I can do for you , sir 
No , thanks 
I don't think the teacher had a right to say that.The teacher was wrong to have accused her in front of the whole class 
You've got to be joking ! It's the teacher's right to say anything wants , and if she saw Myra cheating , she certainly had the right to say so 
I agree she had the right to say something , but I feel she should have done it privately 
You're right.If I were the teacher , I wouldn't have done that 
What do you think about studying in the U . S . 
Well , for many international students , coming to the United States and living here and studying can be quite a daunting experience , especially when finding a house on campus or off campus 
Do you have any advice 
I think first of all for first-time students , coming and living on campus in dormitories can provide a certain level of security 
Anything else 
Uh , when you live off campus , there might be a certain amount of flexibility in choosing roommates that you might not have when living on campus 
I will think over your advice 
Well , of course , the choice is up to you . Good luck 
I really appreciate your help 
When do you want to have the open house party 
How about next Friday 
Friday sounds good 
How do you feel about hiring that clown to come and entertain the kids 
I like that . Then the adults will be more free to mingle and relax 
That's what I was thinking 
I'm so excited . Finally , a yard of my own 
Do you feel like a king in your castle 
What's the deal with the Asia area sales ? Did you have a chance to look at any other reports that came in from the branch offices 
We got numbers back from our offices in Beijing , Hong Kong , Taipei , Singapore and Tokyo , we're waiting on Bangkok and Kula Lumpur 
What do the preliminary figures tell you ? Any kinds of trends going on for the branches in the Far East 
It's hard to say , because the branches are located in diversity different countries , cultural and social influences will definitely play a part in the success of the product in the various markets 
For example 
For instance , some products that do very well in Tokyo branch are a flop in Malaysia.We ' re talking about different people with different lifestyles and different needs . Each of the branches takes these types of things into consideration when they compile their reports and their marketing plans 
I'm after some chinese incense burner ? How's this one 
How's this one 
Oh , I need a small one , otherwise my luggage will be overweight 
What about this one 
Oh , this is fine 
Good evening , Mr . Lee and thank you for choosing our airline . We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked . Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat 
Overbooked ? Give up my seat ? I don ’ t understand 
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft . That ’ s overbooked 
I know what overbooked is , I just don ’ t understand how that could happen 
Actually it ’ s a common practice to overbook , as passengers often don ’ t take their flight as scheduled . Most of the time there is no problem but today , more passengers arrived than we have seats 
So who has to stay behind 
Well , first we ask for volunteers . If someone like yourself volunteers , they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year . If no one volunteers we just have to select someone 
Ok . I ’ ll volunteer . I could use a free ticket 
Employees in this company have to have a good command of English . Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English 
Yes , I think I am quite proficient in both written and spoken English 
Well , then , please tell me about your English education 
I have been studying English since junior high school . And I majored in English in college 
I see , do you speak any other languages 
Yes , I speak a little French and Japanese 
I can't decide whether to go to university or to get a job 
Well , if I were you , I'd go on studying 
But I don't even know what to study 
If I had chance again , I'd major in English . You're good at language 
That's what my parents want me to do 
You should take their advice . They know what's best for you.But my friends will have jobs and lots of fun , while I spend all my time doing reading and writing 
But if you go to university , you'll still have time for fun 
Hm , what you say makes sense . But you know , I still have to ask my parents for pocket money , and I hate to do so at this age 
And if you try to find a part-time job , you'll have some money too 
You're right . Thank you for the advice 
is that your rabbit 
yes , I just adopted her from the humane society this weekend 
that's good of you . why did you decide to get a rabbit 
well , i wanted to get a pet that wouldn't disturb the neighbors . at the same time , I wanted a pet that would be affectionate 
rabbits aren't usually that affectionate , are they 
if you cuddle them a lot when they are very young , they can be just as affectionate as dogs or cats 
i didn't know that . Are rabbits difficult to take care of 
not really . I went to the veterinarian to get her vaccinated and she told me that all I needed to do was to make sure to trim its nails from time to time , to give her food and water , and to clean its
that sounds pretty easy . Do rabbits make your house smell 
No , rabbits aren't very stinky . As long as your clean the cage on a regular basis , it's not too bad 
can you train a rabbit to do things 
you can't train them like you can train dogs , but you can train them to do some things . For example , you can train them to go the bathroom in a special rabbit toilet 
that's amazing ! Has she bitten you yet 
not yet . She's pretty tame . I think she must be used to being around lots of different people 
I ’ m sure you never dare to go against your wife 
Why should I go against her ? She always seems to have better ideas 
Have you ever got the goods on her for wrong doings 
Get the goods on her ? She never allows me to go to her office . And she is a good woman . She has been faithful all these years 
Well , it ’ s nice to have a husband like you 
A beautiful center 
And good shot 
A goal 
What can I do for you today 
I would like to use a computer 
Do you have your library card 
I sure do 
There is a wait for the computers 
That ’ s all right 
You need to print your name on this list 
Okay . Now what 
Once a computer is available , I will let you know 
How am I supposed to log on to the computer 
All you do is type in the number on the back of your card 
That ’ s it ? Thank you very much 
Good morning . More Hotel . At your service 
good morning ! I'd like to make a reservation , please . Do you have any rooms available for the next week 
All right . Single-room or double-room 
Double-room , please . It's for an American couple 
Hold on , please . Let me check the bookings . Yes , we have double-rooms available . What kind of room would you like , sir 
I'd like a room with a nice view , please 
We have a nice garden-view room 
Good . I'll take that one . Is there a bar in your hotel 
Yes , sir . And there is also a party going on each Saturday night in the bar till next morning 
Party all night ? Hotel California ? No kidding . Anyway , what's the room charge 
888 Yuan per night . With breakfast . “ Northern Star ” buffet ! What's there arriving time 
They turn up around 4p . m . next Monday , and they check out on next Sunday 
I see . May I have your name and phone number 
Yes . 6710121 3 . Benjamin 
Good evening . Welcome to Mansion Hotel 
I have a reservation . My name is Rodgers 
Last name , Rodgers 
Yes 
Very well . Welcome , Mr . Rodgers . Would you please fill out the registration card ? How are you doing today 
0h , good . I have a long day and it's good to get here 
Mr . Rodgers , how would you handle your account 
My credit card , please 
I will check to see if there any messages for you ? Well , here is one message for you 
Thank you . I have an 8 o ' clock appointment tomorrow morning , I would like a wake-up call 
Certainly , I can take care of that for you . What time would you like the wake-up call 
7 a . m 
Mr . Rodgers , this is George . He will take care of your luggage and show you to your room . If there is anything I can do for you , please let me know 
OK , I'll do that 
Have a pleasant stay 
I'd like to make a reservation to Rome 
When are you planning to go 
I'm supposed to be in Rome on the morning of the fourteenth , but I'd rather get there on the evening of the thirteenth 
What time would you like to leave 
Late in the afternoon , after work 
We have a flight at four thirty 
That's too early . I don't get out of work until five . Do you have a later flight 
The next flight is at five fifteen and there's another at six thirty 
I'd better take the six thirty . It takes quite a while to get to the airport 
Yes , we have a seat available on that flight on the thirteenth 
Oh , good . What time does the flight get to Rome 
The flight only takes an hour and a half . It arrives at eight o'clock 
Can I help you 
Yes , I would like to buy a Walkman . Can you tell me about the models you have 
Well , we have a lot of models here.Did you want to listen to CD's or cassettes or the radio 
Mostly cassette tapes 
Alright . There are several models you may want to look at.This Kreng portable cassette player is very good 
Kreng ? I've never heard of that company 
It's a German company.This unit has auto-reverse , recording capability , and an AM / FM radio band.It also has a built-in microphone 
I suppose I don't want that one then . I don't like auto-reverse . It breaks too easily 
Really ? Have you had an auto-reverse break before 
Yes , twice now . I think it's too high-tech , and so it's the first part that breaks 
Hmm . You know , the problem might be dust . Did you clean the unit often 
Well . No , I didn't clean it.But still , I only had the last one two months , and it broke . I don't trust auto-reverse 
Alright . Well . We have many units without auto-reverse.Here is a good unit . Very reliable.It has an AM / FM band , built-in microphone , recording capability , and no auto-reverse 
How much is it 
This one sells for $ 39.99 
Can I test it out 
Of course 
It sounds great . I'll take it 
Fine . I think you'll be happy with it . It's a very good unit . Very reliable . I'll go get you a new one in a box . I will be back in just a moment 
Thanks 
How was your flight from Hong Kong 
Okay . What time is the meeting tomorrow 
10:30 . I'll pick you up at the hotel at 10:00 . : 10:30 
So , tell me , what makes you think we should give you a raise 
I've got several good reasons . I've been here several years , my work has proven to be good , and I've noticed that people in comparable jobs get paid more than I do 
Salaries are confidential , how do you know how much money these " other people " make 
Well , I've noticed all the new cars around here , for one thing 
Those are company cars provided to the sales staff for their business trips . Also , some employees receive sales commissions . So good salesmen will naturally earn more 
That's understandable . Well , rather than comparing my salary with someone else's , perhaps we could talk about my job performance . Surely you've noticed the extra hours I've put in recently 
I see your point . However , it might be hard to get a raise approved . Profits were down last quarter , and the whole company is tightening its belt , so anything that affects the annual budget
That would be very good of you , Mr . White 
Ticket , please.Do you have a seat preference 
Yes . I want a window seat definitely , in the smoking section 
Sure . Please put your baggage on scale 
What's the weight limit 
20kg.Yours is not overweight . Here is your boarding pass and baggage tag.Please go to the satellite hall to wait for boarding 
Thank you 
are you ready for your first driving lesson 
yes . Which one is the brake again 
the pedal on your left is the brake and the one on your right is the gas 
I ’ m glad this car is an automatic . I don't like having to change gears 
automatics are very simple to drive . The first thing you should do is put your seat belt on 
you should also put yours on . you never know what will happen with me in the driver ’ s seat 
very funny . Next you should check your side mirrors and your rear view mirror . Can you see out of them 
I can ’ t see anything out of the side mirror on your side of the car . Could you move it forward a bit , please 
how ’ s that 
that ’ s better . Now what 
check your petrol situation 
the tank is almost empty . I guess I ’ ll drive to the petrol station to fill it up 
that ’ s a good idea . Put your keys in the ignition , start it up , put the car in reserve , wait for the road to be clear , and then back out of the driveway 
I got it . Don ’ t worry . I ’ ll get you there in one piece 
remember , no honking this time . The horn is only for emergencies 
why does that cop car behind me have its red lights on 
Hey man , what do you have on tap 
Heineken and Budweiser . We have a two-for-one happy hour special 
Cool , give me a pint of Heineken and half a pint of Bud 
Okay ... A pint of Heineken and and half a pint of bud for table six ! And what about some appetizers 
Sure ! Let ’ s have some nachos and mozzarella sticks 
Okay . That ’ ll be 80 bucks 
Wait ... What 
How do I apply to an American university 
You should go to the library to find some information about American universities , and write to the Admission Office . Then the Admission Office will send you application forms and other related materials . From experience , many applicants write to several universities instead of just one 
I was told that it took a lot of time and effort to apply 
That is true . I ’ ll list for you the requirements of almost all the universities . First of all , you need official transcripts of your undergraduate work , three letters of recommendation from your professors who know your competence , and the official TOEFL ( Test of English as a Foreign Language ) score ( It ’ s usually 550 ) . Then you need a financial guarantee , and an application fee of 25 dollars 
What's to come next 
If they agree to enroll you , they will send you a TAP - 66 Form . With TAP - 66 , you can apply for a passport from our government , and then apply for a visa from the US . Embassy in Beijing 
How long will it take to go over all the procedures 
From 3 to 6 months if everything goes well 
Thank you . I appreciate your help 
You are welcome . Please feel free to ask if you have any more questions 
Hello , 332440 
Oh hello , Sally . This is Dave Thomson here . Could I speak to Jim please 
I'm afraid he's not in at the moment Dave . He went out about an hour ago and he's not back yet 
Any idea when he might be back 
Well , he shouldn't be long . He said he was just going to get some paint . But I wouldn't be surprised if he's stopped off at the pub on the way back 
OK . well , tell him I've called , will you , and I'll try again later 
All right . Goodbye , Dave 
Thanks then Sally . Goodbye 
Would you please tell me about the Fortune magazine 
It was chosen as the most popular magazine of the year 
Do you like it personally 
As far as the language is concerned , it's worth reading 
Does Mr . Schmidt know he's going to become a father 
No , and I have no way of getting ahold of him ! There's no phone where he's at 
Well , he has a surprise waiting for him when he gets back , doesn't he 
My older sister Judy will be here soon to help . She already has a boy and a girl of her own ..
I just saw a red van pulling into the driveway . Is that her 
Happy birthday , Lillian . Here's a little present I bought for you 
Thank you , Paul 
Do you want a shampoo 
Yes 
What brand do you prefer 
An ordinary one will do.Would you put me under a hot dryer after that ? I'm in a hurry 
All right , miss.This one is very hot . I'll come to turn it off in fifteen minutes.Will that be alright 
OK 
Do you know what exporters consider 
Well , they consider some distinct but related problems , such as seeking for a target market or locating the promising customer . An exporter needs to know about the social characteristics of people he is dealing with 
Could you talk about it in detail 
Ok . You need to know what they like or dislike , what religions they follow . Especially you need to know how they behave , their habits and their way of life , the things that they are used to . Sometimes , people in different countries , have varying outlooks for cultural , political , religious 
I understand . Thank you 
Hi Rose , what are you busy with right now 
Hi Jack , I'm working on these documents . The manager wants them for half an hour 
Well , Rose 
Is there something any need 
Are your free this weekend 
Yes , I have nothing to do 
Great , Is it convenient if i visit you this weekend 
I beg your pardon 
I'd like to call on you this weekend . I just want to a drop in for a chat 
Really ? well , ok , you're welcome 
Is 5 PM . Saturday a good time for you 
Hmm , how about seven ? I can treat you to dinner 
Sure , that would be great . I'll bring the wine 
OK . Then I'll be expecting you 
I'll be there on time 
I'm sorry , sir . I'm going to have to ask you to leave 
What ? I was just having a friendly conversation with the lady here ..
Well , she apparently doesn't think it's so friendly . Let's go 
I think there's been a misunderstanding 
You'd better cooperate with me , sir , or ..
OK ! Just give her this for me 
Did you have a good holiday 
Yes and no 
Wow ! Look at the time . lt's about 11 0 ' clock 
Really ? I didn't realize it was so late 
I've got to catch the last bus . See you later 
This is Milton in room 402 . I would like to check out . Can anyone help me with my baggage 
Yes . The porter will go and help you 
Thanks a lot . By the way , please call a taxi for me 
OK , sir 
Yeah , look at all those new buildings going up ! Mr . Zhang , the traffic is pretty smooth . But we were told the roads from the airport to downtown were quite crowded and traffic jams could be as long as half an hour 
Yes , they were . But it has already past . The traffic from the airport to downtown has been relieved after the completion of Yan'an Aerial Road 
We've never expected that Shanghai is such a big metropolis , same as New York city . David , would it be a good idea to rent a car here ? I've got an international driver's license with a pretty good record in the States 
That's wonderful . OK . I'll remember that . But I have to warn you that you must drive very carefully in the downtown area , for there're no separate lanes for motor vehicles and bicycles in some places , and still quite a few people don't take road regulations seriously 
Hey , Mary , what's up 
Not much . Last night I met this great guy at the bar and we had such a wonderful time that we decided to meet again tonight 
Oh , that's exciting . What's this guy like ? Is he hot 
Well , I ddin't think so at first . But as we started talking , I found him extremely funny and witty . I couldn't stop laughing at his jokes ! We have so much in common . We like the same teams , music , and most amazingly , we both love Chinese food ! I have the feeling that we are going to be great friends 
It seems you two are a good match . What qualities do you look for in a friend 
There's nothing definite I think . I don't have a list or anything , but when I first meet somebody , I can usually tell whether or not that person is going to be a good friend . It seems I have a radar helping me spot new friends 
Well , that's something I've never heard of . But if you ask me what I value most in a friend , I would have to say honesty 
I agree . You can't expect a close relationship with a dishonest person . Those are the people that will turn their back on you when you are in need 
Yeah , I know . A friend in need is a friend indeed . I don't need fair-weather friends either 
I really enjoyed tonight's party . Thank you , Sarah 
You're welcome , Bob . It was nice meeting you 
Nice meeting you , too 
Excuse me , Sir , May I have the time , please 
Beg your pardon 
Er ... I'd like to know what time it is now 
Oh , Let me see ... It's three forty-five . Er ... wait , My watch is five minutes fast . So it should be three forty
Thank you . By the way , what day is today 
Today is Friday . Are you new in Beijing 
Yes , I've just come from the States , yesterday in fact . I'm still a bit confused about the time 
Welcome to Beijing . This is my business card . I'm an engineer . If you need any help in Beijing , just give me a call 
Oh , that's very nice of you . I don't want to sound pushy , but I still l have one more question 
Go ahead 
What's the date today 
It's October the 1st , our National Day . I'd like to talk some more , but I've got to get going now . It was nice talking to you , though 
Yeah , it was nice to meet you . Hope I run into you again sometime 
As you know I ’ Ve been thinking about moving my career in a new direction . I am hoping that you will be able to provide me with a reference to help me jump-start my future 
I realize that I ’ m not in a position to offer you the kind of promotion you deserve I'll gladly do what I can to help 
Thank you . I ’ Ve really enjoyed my time here . I've grown both personally and professionally with this company 
And , as well as being a pleasure to work with , you ’ Ve been instrumental in helping us complete many key projects 
It will be hard to say good-bye . This office has become like a second home to me 
My feelings are mixed on the issue too . By helping you I ’ m losing a valuable and trusted employee . However I think you are taking a step in the right direction 
I'm sorry , I'm having a little trouble understanding your accent 
I'll try to speak more clearly 
Every teacher likes him 
They say he can sum up like winking 
How he manages to do that is always a mystery to me 
Maybe he's gifted in that 
Why are you all dressed up 
I've got a date 
Tomorrow is Sunday . Let's go out and get some fresh air 
I know there is a beautiful farm in the countryside near Taipei . Are you interested in going there 
why not ? I love animals and I love nature 
You can see many cows and horses there . lf you are brave enough , you can try horseback riding . it is fun 
sounds very interesting . I can't wait to go there 
Wow ! It is huge and you can do many activities here 
That is true . Some people go camping , some people pick fresh fruit , some people go boating and some people go grass skiing 
I never knew there were so many fun things to do on a farm 
Well , now you know . Let's go to the lake over there . Some people are fishing over there . I haven't had a chance to fish in a lake , I really want to try 
I think we need to buy some baits and borrow some fish poles first 
Yes . we can get what we need at the stands right by the lake . Who do you think will catch a big fish first 
Of course . I will 
Wait and see . I want to try horseback riding after fishing . It looks very exciting and fun 
It is . However , you will suffer from muscle pain for many days you are a first-time rider 
No problem . It is always worth trying something new once in your life time 
Hello , this is Chen Kun . I am booked on flight LJ88 for Barcelona on Jan . 19th 
Hold on please ... Yes , you are booked already 
Now I am afraid I can't get to the airport on that day . I want to change my flight for the 21st.Is that all right 
I am sorry.Flight LJ88 0n that day is full . What about 22 
Fine.Thank you so much 
How are you , Kim ? I haven ’ t seen you around for a few days 
Oh , I was out sick most of last week . I ’ m still not completely over it . You ’ d better not get too close 
I ’ m sorry to hear about that . Why don ’ t you join me for a hot cup of tea ? It ’ ll be good for you 
Sure , why not ? I could use a rest 
It ’ s so relaxing , taking a walk in the country . The air is so fresh and clean 
Would you like to live in the country ? I ’ m not sure I ’ d like it 
I can see a lot of advantage and disadvantage . The problem is that , for me , each advantage has its own disadvantage 
What do you mean 
Well , I hate the noise in the city , but I love being around lost of people . The problem is that you can ’ t have lots of people and have peace and quiet . The tow just don ’ t go together 
I see what you mean . I love being far away from a city , but I hate being so far away department stores and sports facilities 
People can ’ t have it both ways . If you live in the country , it is often less convenient . If you live in a city , it is noisy , buy there ’ s more to do 
I would love to be surrounded by hills and streams . They ’ re so much better to look at than concrete , rows of parked cars and tall buildings 
I would love to hear the birds singing and feel the fresh breeze on my face . When the wind blows in the city , you get dust in your mouth and in your eyes 
The view from the hill is so beautiful and relaxing . There ’ s so sign of pollution . The village looks so peaceful 
Just remember that in that village there ’ s nothing to do . There ’ s not even a pub or restaurant . There ’ s just one small shop with a poor selection of goods 
You ’ re right . I would have to travel to the city at least once a week to go shopping and see friends . I would hate living in the country 
Loans Department , how can I help you 
Hello . Could you give me some details about your Personal Pledge Loans , please 
Certainly , Sir . I'd be happy to . The Personal Pledge Loan is a loan secured by undue certificates , Time Deposits , for example , or Visible Treasury Bonds 
So , as long as I have one of those , I can apply for a Personal Pledge Loan 
That's correct , Sir . The bank will issue receipt to you and also take care of all the pledged securities 
Mmmm ... how about the period of repayment 
The maximum maturity period is a year , but it also cannot exceed the maturity on the certificates used as collateral 
And the maximum loan amount 
The initial amount is just 2,000 RIB , but we can go up to 100,000 RIB . But remember , it cannot exceed the amount on the certificates you are using as collateral 
OK . I'll have a look at what I've got exactly in certificates and get back to you . Thanks for your help . Bye 
My pleasure , Sir . Bye 
Would you like to make a donation 
Donations for what 
It ’ s for the campaigns 
How much money are you trying to raise 
It doesn ’ t matter how much 
What are you doing to raise money 
We go door to door asking for donations 
You should try other fundraisers 
Like what 
You can always wash cars and sell candy 
That ’ s a great idea 
That ’ ll help you make more money 
Hi , Juliet , I'm treating Mr.Li and his team members from Galp to dinner tomorrow evening.Where do you think I should take them 
Well , Mr.Li has very good taste in wine , and Galp is one of the biggest clients . I suggest you take them to a decent French restaurant . Make sure you make a very good impression 
That's a good idea . Which one do you recommend ? The Pairszone 
Or Lapis . They are both listed this year glory magazine for have most of frantic Fetch cuisine in town . But I heard Lapis has a better wine selection 
We'll go to the place . Could you book a table for 4 at 7 PM 
Sure 
Hi , Ben . Here are the top ten of this week's top chart 
Oh , great 
Which is your favorite in this ten 
I like No . 4 
You mean Sweet Heart 
Yes . In fact , I think it's much better than this week's No . 1 
What do you think about Cold Wind 
I like it as well , but I don't think it's as good as Sweet Heart 
So No . 4 is your favorite . Which one don't you like 
Well . I don't like Your Lips very much 
Why 
I think it's too slow makes me sleepy . In fact , it's the worst in this week ’ s top ten , if you ask me 
Really ? But it's my favorite 
Hello , welcome to the International Business Counter , Sir . What can we do for you today 
Hi . I need some help with these documents under L / C 
Of course . Is there a problem with them 
Yes . My Manager sent me in , there's a problem with the shipping time . It's been delayed quite significantly and my manager is unwilling to accept it 
You will need to return the documents . That's no problem ; we can deal with that for you now 
Thank you . I need to get this done as soon as possible ; my manager is tearing his hair out 
Did you watch the final last night ? My favorite singer won 
Oh , I love him too . He not only sings well but also shows perseverance when he encounters difficulties in the contest 
Yeah , he got booted after his initial performance in the audition , but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions 
He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him 
Me too 
Before he made the top three , I was so nervous . I just fear that he might be knocked out 
Yeah , there're so many excellent candidates out there . Who knows which one will make it to the final 
Absolutely . That's why when he entered the final , I was so excited 
He really did a great job in the finale , especially in the PK round . He performed so well that the majority of the audience cast their votes for him 
And the host announced that he won it all 
Hi . Can I help you with anything 
Yeah . Can I look at this ring 
Sure . Let me get it out for you . What is your size 
I believe I am a six 
Here you go 
Would you have any necklace that would go well with this 
Actually , we have a few to choose from . They are over here 
There's no price tag on this necklace 
Oh . I'm sorry . I'll check the price for you . It is $ 199 
This necklace is a little short . Do you have one that is longer 
Yes . Why don't you try this one on 
This one is much better . Can I try on the ring with this necklace 
Sure . Here you go 
Let me think about it 
Sure . Take your time 
Thank you for all the help 
No problem at all 
Hello , JC Consulting PLC . Chris Edwards speaking 
Mr Edwards , this is Kristy calling from IBA 
Hi Kristy ! What's going on 
Do you remember coming in to do the L / C amendment last week 
Yes , I certainly do 
The negotiating bank has just been in touch ..
Oh , dear ! There isn't a problem , is there 
No , Mr Edwards , not at all . We are contacting you to let you know that everything has gone smoothly and the amendment has been accepted 
Kristy , that's wonderful ! Thanks so much for contacting me personally 
Miss , where do you want to go 
Could you drop me off at the airport 
No problem 
Do I need to pay any extra change for my suitcases 
Yes , you are changed 50 cents a piece 
All right 
Hello baseball fans , and welcome back to today ’ s game ! My name is Rick Fields and of course , I am here , once again , with the man that seals the deal , Bob Copeland 
It ’ s a beautiful day to see two world class teams face each other and fight for their right to be called champions 
Well , the national anthem has just been sung , and the umpire has started the game . It ’ s time to play ball 
Roger Vargas is up at bat . The pitcher winds up and strike one 
A very nice curve ball by the pitcher . The catcher gives him the sign , he winds up and Vargas gets a line drive 
The players are scrambling to get the ball . Vargas gets to first base and he ’ s still going ! The outfielder throws it to second ! Vargas slides ! He ’ s safe 
Great play 
We have a runner on third and up at bat is Brian Okapi ! There ’ s the pitch , he hits it ! It ’ s going , going , that ball is gone 
Home run by Okapi ! That puts this team ahead by two as we are at the bottom of the fifth inning here at Richie Stadium 
Good morning 
Morning . What would you like for breakfast 
I'm not quite hungry now . Let me think for a while 
Come on . We are going to be late 
Ok , Ok . Toast and egg 
Milk 
No 
Hi 
Hi , Mary , Hi , Ken I hate to bring this up , but that new stereo , system you got ..
Yeah 
You were playing it very late last night 
Yeah 
It kept me awake 
Oh , I'm sorry 
It kept me awake a couple of hours 
I'm so sorry , I .. I didn't realize it was that loud 
It was that loud , and it was pretty late , and check with Mary if you don't believe me 
It's true.It was a bit loud 
I'm very sorry . I didn't realize it . I promise I'll keep it down in the future 
Oh , it's no problem.It ' s OK.You know , it only happened once 
I am glad we've straightened everything out 
It's getting late 
Yeah , I'd better head for home 
Hi , Mr . Smith . Are you enjoying the cookout ? You don't look too happy 
I spent the morning at the cemetery . I put flowers on the graves of my old war buddies 
Is that what people usually do on Memorial Day 
They should . This holiday is about remembering our war dead . But people these days think it's just a holiday for summer sales and cookouts 
I'm sorry to hear that . Thank you for telling me a little more about it 
Hi , Michael , how's it going 
Well , things are all right 
I heard you got a new roommate . What's he like 
Yeah , Bob moved in last week . He is a nice guy and so far everything is cool except this girlfriend 
Oh ? What's wrong with his girlfriend 
She came over last weekend . She is a nice girl but there's something about her voice that really creeps me out . I tried to smile and be polite , but the whole time all I could think was " what's wrong with your voice ? 
Well , I guess it might take some time to get used to 
I doubt it . Last time was an oral train wreck . Listening to her talk is like chewing tin foil 
Oh come on , it's not that bad 
No , it's so much worse . And tonight they invited me out to dinner . I really have no idea how I'm going to pull it off 
Rough . Maybe you can do the most of the talking 
That's the plan 
Good luck 
Cindy , I have this room to myself 
It's all yours 
It's twice as big as my room in Taiwan 
Well , I hope it's comfortable enough for you 
I think I'm going to like it here 
You have a phone on the bedside table that you can use 
Wow , I have my own bathroom 
Kind of . It leads to my bedroom 
We share the same bathroom , in other words 
This is a very spacious apartment . It's forty pings , including the parking space . That's about one thousand four hundred square feet 
Wow . It's just the two of us . I don't know if we need that much room 
You never know when two might turn into three 
I guess you're right . And we'd like to have company anyway 
Exactly , which is why a three-bedroom is better . And look , there are two bathrooms 
Now that's a plus 
Could you send up a Coke and a salad 
Yes.Which kind of salad dressing would you prefer 
Make them with French dressing 
I'll do that then 
This is the first time for me to have a Chinese guest . I hope you like western cooking 
Yes . I like it very much 
Cooking is a hobby with me . I'm always trying to think up new recipes . I hope you like the soup . It's kind of a specialty of mine , so I hope you enjoy it 
It's excellent 
Thank you for your compliment . Won't you try this fish with white sauce ? I'm rather round of it 
It's delicious 
What sort of western food do you like best 
I like beefsteak very much . Have you tried Chinese dishes 
I find the Chinese dishes wonderful 
Well , it's getting late . I have to get up early tomorrow . So I must say good night 
It's still early 
Hello , and welcome to IBA . Which service do you require 
Hello , Shelly , is it ? I'm here on behalf of my company , so I'll need the Corporate Banking Services 
That's no problem ; I can take care of that for you 
I need to have a credit check done for my company 
If it's this kind of consultancy service , I'll have to direct you to another department , I'm afraid 
That's no problem . Do you offer any other consulting services 
There are many services you can choose from . Why don't you take a look at this leaflet while I find someone who can help you 
Great . I'll wait right here , thanks 
How long have you been in Taiwan 
About 3 years , so I came here 2000 
So , where did you grow up 
Providence , Rhode Island . do you know it 
I am not sure , where exactly is it 
Well , not so far from New York . So what about you ? Did you grow up here 
No , I was born in Gaoxiong , I only moved to Taipei after I graduated 
Tu Mao , I'm hungry , let's get something to eat 
Me too . Is there a place nearby that we can get something to eat 
There's a Kentucky's not far ahead and there's a McDonald's in down street 
Kentucky's ? Is that a chain restaurant 
Don't you know about Kentucky's 
I've heard about it , but never had one 
They sell pieces of fried chicken , you've got to try one this time 
OK . Let's go 
Oh , well . It was fun to be the winner . But ... it's too big . I must be an extra small in the States 
So what about the tennis racket 
Look ! It's amazing . I can't wait to try it out 
How much did that end up costing you 
Oh ... around twenty bucks . A bargain if you ask me . Look at the picture of her playing with it 
Hey , two for one . That's a super deal 
And here's her signature 
I've been at this for two weeks now and nothing ’ s turned up 
You're right . I think it ’ s time to seek professional help 
What do you mean 
I know you don ’ t want to pay for a job , but I think it ’ s time we consulted a headhunter 
You ’ re right , I don ’ t want to pay , but I don ’ t want to live without pay , either 
Ha , ha , ha ! I agree . That ’ s not much fun 
Do you have anyone in mind 
Actually I do 
Who 
Cooke & Co . does a lot of placements in your field 
Ya , they do . Anyone else come to mind 
Not at the moment , but I ’ ll let you know 
I was thinking about applying for the new position 
Do you think that is a good idea 
It seems like a good idea but I am not really sure 
What are your main concerns 
Well , it would give me a chance to grow , but I am wondering if I would like the job 
I know what you mean , I've thought about that myself 
I am also thinking about the pay 
Could you take a slight pay decrease for a chance to move forward 
Yes , it might be worth it . I am not certain 
I think I'm convinced that trying for this position is the best choice for you 
No . 164 in lane 3 achieved 11 ' 16 in the 100 meter dash . Isn't that something 
Yeah . He's the most experienced athlete in the field 
He won the first place 
Good boy 
Hello , Sir . So , you are back 
Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit 
That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit , the interest is fixed , but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into your bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term , the higher the Dividend you earn . This is because it is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate 
And I can purchase that here 
Yes . And if you already have a Current Account with us , the Insurance Premium can be paid through it , which saves all of us a lot of hassle 
What are you guys doing over there 
What do you mean , Janice 
I ’ Ve been waiting for a response on the Blake Building design for nearly two weeks 
I ’ m sorry , Janice . But we ’ Ve been waiting on the client . It ’ s out of our hands at the moment 
Mom ! How can I help with the washing up 
You peel the onions and wash them , then chop them 
OK ! Then what can I do after I finish it 
Let me see . Wash the cabbage over there 
OK , got it 
What is your father doing now 
Reading newspaper on the couch 
How about Daniel 
Staying with Ultraman , of course . You know he likes it very much 
Be careful of the peeler . Don't cut your fingers 
I will 
OK , we've finished . Can you get your father and brother 
OK 
I've never seen a machine like this before and need some help 
Sure , no problem . What are you trying to get 
I want to buy a drink 
OK . This machine needs you to use that change machine first to get correct change 
I've got the correct change already 
First you put your money in the dollar slot or the coin slot . The dollars have to be smooth 
OK , what next 
Just know that sometimes the money doesn't go in perfectly the first time and you have to try again 
OK , next 
Choose what you want and push the button . Sometimes it takes a couple of tries 
I agree with you 
Hope that works for you 
Good evening , do you have a reservation 
Yes , we ’ Ve got a reservation . The name is Ann 
Let me see . Ok , this way , please 
This is your table 
And would you like to order now 
Yes 
Here is the menu 
Thank you 
Hi , Sir . What can I do for you 
Hello , there . I'd like to know about Clean Collection . My company in the US is going to send me a cheque . It's for my wages , but I'm not too sure about how to cash it here 
Right . If the cheque is coming from the US , into a local currency account it will take 7 working days to clear 
Is there any way we can speed it up 
There is , actually . If you can get your company to apply for a cheque from a bank in Shanghai , that'll speed things up no end 
Hi Bob , this is my friend Mary 
I am very pleased to meet you 
Bob is in advertising 
That sounds an interesting job , Bob 
Hello , is this Professor Clark 
Yes , I am Professor Clark 
Hello , Professor , this is Kalina , and I am in your literature class on Monday mornings 
Yes , how are you doing 
I was partying hard over the weekend , fell down the stairs , and need time to recuperate 
That sounds painful . Are you going to be OK 
I sprained my wrist , but the doctor says it will be fine 
How many days will you be out of school 
The doctor said I should be good enough to return next week 
I am glad you let me know that you will be missing class . Get well 
The dinner is really rich 
Which dish do you like most 
I like the soy sauce chicken 
Actually , it's the dish recommended by this restaurant specially 
Want to meet for lunch this Saturday 
Sorry , I can ’ t . I ’ m busy 
What are you doing 
I always do volunteer work on the first Saturday of every month 
What kind of volunteer work 
I help out at the children ’ s hospital . I help plan activities 
Oh , yeah 
Yeah . It ’ s exciting . This month we ’ re doing crossword puzzles 
Stand back from the door , please . Let the passengers off . You can't get on until the other passengers get off 
How much is the fare , please 
One dollar . Drop it in the box . Move to the rear of the bus . There are plenty of seats in the rear 
Wait . I want to ask you if this bus goes down Fifth Avenue as far as Greenwich Village 
That's right.Move along , please.There are more people waiting to get on.Move to the rear 
I thought this bus Went down Park Avenue 
No , that's the number l that goes down Park Avenue.This is the number 2 
But I thought this was the right bus to go to Washington Square Park 
It is.Get in.please.You ' re holding everyone up.You can't miss Washington Square Park 
Would you tell me when we get there 
It would be better if you watched out for yourself . I might forget 
ORG ! It must be so late where you are . What time is it 
just after 2 am 
what's wrong ? Can't sleep 
nope , actually I was waiting for you . I have something big to tell you 
really ? What is it 
I have an offer to work for a company in your city today 
I can't believe it ! Is it real ? You're moving here 
I haven't accepted the position yet and with the upcoming holiday I think it's the perfect chance to visit the city and take a good look at the company before deciding . If you have time I think we c
just give me the dates and I'll make sure I'm free . You know after all these chatting online , it will be great to meet you in real life . I look forward to seeing you soon 
me too . But I think I am going to bed now . my head is getting heavy . Have a nice day there 
thanks . This is so exciting . Sleep tight and sweet dreams 
talk to you later 
Do you have any English newspapers 
Yes , just over there 
I'd like to see some Mandarin textbooks too . Do you have any 
Yes , they are just next to the newspapers actually 
Thank you 
How nice of you to come 
It's been a long time , hasn't it ? How have you been 
Just fine , thanks.And you 
I've never been better , thanks 
Here is your bill . It's $ 60 
What's this amount for 
It's for the drinks 
I see . Can I pay by credit card 
Sure 
You shouldn't let the dirty dishes accumulate in the sink 
I know , I should wash them right away 
Do you often buy magazines 
I buy a computer magazine every month . It keeps me up-to date with all the latest developments 
Why don ’ t you find the information on the internet instead 
Sometimes it takes too long to find the exact information you are looking for . Besides , I like to read a magazine in a coffee bar sometimes 
Do you have an online edition of that magazine 
Yes , they do . But you can only access all the articles if you have a subscription 
Do you have a subscription 
Yes , I do . The magazine arrives by post at the beginning of each month . Do you every buy magazines 
I only buy them if they look particularly interesting . I don ’ t buy any regularly 
How do you usually spend your leisure time ? I mean , do you have any special interests out of your job 
Of course . You see , almost everyone has some kind of hobby
Yeah , you ’ re quite right and what ’ s your hobby 
I like taking photos out of door 
Oh , photography , It ’ s really a good hobby 
Yes , I usually develop and print all my own photos 
You yourself have a photo studio 
Yes , simple as it is . t does work 
Mary , my friend recommend me for a job to work in a company , and I feel it's great 
Really ? Are you familiar with that company 
He has introduced the company details to me 
What does the company mainly do 
The company deals in selling electronics 
When was the company founded 
It was founded in 2002 , has been in business for 10 years 
How many employees are there in total in the company 
More than 2000 now 
What education background do the employees usually have 
The company deals in selling electronics 
When was the company founded 
It was founded in 2002 , has been in business for 10 years 
How many employees are there in total in the company 
More than 2000 now 
What education background do the employees usually have 
More than half of the employees have bachelors ' degree 
Are there many promotion chances in the company 
Three times every year 
That's great . You can go take a look 
Daniel , you can't spit the gum everywhere 
Come on , just a little piece 
Do you know how many people chew gum everyday 
I have no idea 
Just in Beijing , people consume 300,000 pieces of gum every day 
That's amazing 
If all the people spit out the gum like you , the whole world would become a big trash can 
Come on , you are making too big deal out of this 
I just want to remind you to behave yourself 
OK , dear sister , I see . This kind of thing will not happen again 
excuse me ? How can I get to the nearest branch of the national bank 
there ’ s branch on new street . Walk up this street until you get to the first set of traffic lights . Then turn right at the traffic lights 
how far up the street are the traffic lights 
not far . About 150 meters perhaps 
ok . So I turn right at the traffic lights . Then 
then keep walking until you reach the war memorial . It ’ s a big statue of a soldier . You can ’ t miss it 
ok . Where do I go then 
you ’ ll see the national bank near the war memorial . It ’ s a big building and you ’ ll see a big sign on the front of the building 
got it . Thank you very much 
Can you tell me about a nice restaurant to go to 
Of course ! How much would you like to spend on your meal 
My date is quite sophisticated . She would expect nothing less than the best 
Well , how about our own hotel restaurant ? It's conveniently located and has a three-star rating 
That's a good idea , except I want to go out , not stay in . Something else , maybe 
Well , how about Gramercy Tavern ? It's a very popular tourist spot , with great food and music 
That sounds good ! Could you call them to see if I can get a reservation 
Of course , sir . You've made a good choice 
Has my package arrived 
I'm not sure . What does it look like 
It's quite a delicate piece of equipment , so I hope it was well-packed . It's oblong-shaped , about 50 cm long . It's made of metal 
There's a large wooden crate in the corner which I haven't unpacked yet . It might be in there 
Hot in here , isn't it 
Yeah , really 
Is it Ok if I sit here 
Of course . Suit yourself 
Thanks . My name's Bill Peters , by the way 
Hi , I'm Susan Jackson 
Nice to meet you . And what do you do , Susan 
I'm a student at UCLA 
Oh , are you ? And what are you studying 
Medicine 
Really 
Yes , I want to be a doctor one of these days . What about you 
I'm an engineer , I work for Boeing . Say , would you like a drink 
Sure . Thanks 
Look at this headline , Soo Mi 
Wow ! So many people in the United States get divorced 
Is it the same in Korea 
I don't think so . In Korea some marriages break up , but most couples stay together 
Do people get married young 
Not really . Very few people get married beforethe age of 20 
Hmm . Do women usually work after they get married 
No , a lot of women stay home and take care of their families . But some work 
I want to improve my handwriting , and I've practiced it for several weeks , but nothing happened . You see , my handwriting is still bad 
Oh , come on . You know it's a long process , you have to be patient 
I know it , but I don't know when I can make it better 
A , whatever you do , the most important is perseverance . So you have to hang on there , the longer , the better . Then some day , you will find you've already made a lot of progress 
Yeah , you are right . I must stop complaining and stick to it every day 
Yeah ! Where there is a will , there is a way 
I have tickets to The Phantom of the Opera on Friday night . Would you like to go 
Thanks . I'd love to . What time is the show 
It's at 8: 00 
That sounds great . So , do you want to have dinner at 6:00 
Uh , I'd like to , but I have to work late 
Oh , that's OK . Let's just meet at the theater before the show , around 7:30 
That sounds fine 
Shall we start decorating the bedroom 
I've already started 
When 
This afternoon 
Good morning . May I help you , sir 
Yes . I want to make a remittance to New Delhi 
Do you want an international money order or a banker's draft 
I'd like a banker's draft please . It's not really urgent 
Excuse me , may I have the bill , please 
It comes to $ 100 
Can I pay by private check 
Sure . Here is your receipt and you can draw your tax paid for those goods at customs 
Susan , good evening.Why are you so dressed up 
I'm on my way out to a New Year's banquet.How do I look ? Is my make-up ok 
You look great.Your make-up is perfect 
Do your think I should wear a different dress 
No , the one you have on looks fabulous , especially with your hair like that 
Thanks for saying.Do you have any ideas which necklace I should wear 
With that dress I'd like to say your white diamond necklace would look perfect 
Thanks for helping out.Now Im ready , what are you doing tonight 
Not much , Just a house party with some friends 
Sounds fun.Anyone I know 
Yeah , most of the people are from my office 
Sounds like I'm missing out on a good time.Oh , well , there's always next year 
I'm sure you will have fun no matter where you go.Remember to take your bag 
Just whose fault is this damage 
The order was in good shape when it left out factory 
It certainly didn't arrive here that way 
We'll make it right with you , of course 
How about taking the damaged portion at a lower price 
What kind of price did you want 
I was thinking of 30 % off 
That will probably be Ok 
May I help you 
Yes , I'd like to see that pen 
Oh , that's a really good buy ... Here . There's only one left 
Can I get it duty-free 
Sure , if you show me your passport 
It's not the latest model , is it 
No , it isn't . That's why it's such a bargain 
You look bright-eyed and bushy-tailed 
Of course , just five minutes ago I got the phone call from Future Clothes Company and I was told to start my trial period in that company next Monday 
Congratulations ! Let's get together sometime 
Great idea 
Well , I am worried to death right now ! There is still no news from the company for me 
Let it be ! Time will tell 
Maybe they will send me e-mail to inform the result . Let me check my mail-box again 
What else can I do for you today 
Well , I've been browsing online , but I ’ m not really sure what to do about payment . I would like to know what the most convenient way to do it is 
We'll have our own Secure Internet Banking Service . What it is , is a sort of online financial service for enterprises and individuals , so you could get it . It's for doing all types of e-business 
That does sound interesting . How can I get this service 
Easy as pie ! We can get everything set up for you right away . Then , you'll be shopping securely online in no time at all 
Have you made a reservation , sir 
Yes , I reserved a table for six people 
Your name , please 
Michael donsie 
I see.We had a table reserved for you.This way , please 
Can I borrow some money from you 
No way 
What can I show you 
Do you have this shirt in a small 
Let me check . Yes , we have 
May I try it on 
Sure . Let me help you 
Can I help you 
Yes , I need to apply for a parking permit 
Are you a professor 
What ? Are you kidding ? I'm only 22 years old 
Yes , I am kidding.But don't you know only professors and students with disabilitiescan apply for parking permits 
Yes , I know . I have a disability.My hip was broken last year . And I can't walk well 
Oh , I'm sorry . I didn't know 
It's alright . You didn't see me walk to the desk 
Here is the application form . I also need to see your student ID and your permission letter from the university 
My permission letter 
Yes , the letter that certifies you have a disability.And it must certify your disability entitles you to a parking place 
I was told I should have the letter sent directly to your office 
Yes . Or you can bring it yourself 
But I asked them to send it to you directly 
Let me look in the file then . Maybe we received it 
My name is Derek Schneider , S - C - H - N - E - I - D - E - R 
Yes , here it is.Alright . Then I just need your completed application form , and I will be able to process your request 
Good . I will sit over there and fill out the form . I will give it to you in a few minutes.Oh , by the way , can I apply for any parking lot I want 
The form has a map on the back . You may specify your top four choices.We will give a spot in the lot that has an opening 
I see . Thank you 
You're very welcome 
I will take part in the finals soon 
Come on . I stand behind you 
Mary 
Barbara 
What're you doing here ? You live in London , don't you 
Yes , that's right.But I'm having a holiday here 
I'm afraid I've had a terrible row with my boss . What shall I do 
I think you'd better apologize 
Oh , but I can't . It wasn't my fault 
Maybe not , but I advice you to say it was your fault 
Wow ! You look like a drowned rat ! Didn't you know there is a thunder-storm today 
I knew there would be a shower , but I didn't realize it would rain cats and dogs today 
Well . You'd better take a hot shower right now , or you will catch a cold 
I know . I don't want to get sick , especially during finals week 
I ’ m sick of my job , I always have to work late at night , and the company keeps me working in the office 
Why don ’ t you find a new career where you can do what you enjoy , being outside working during the day 
What do you suggest ? I can ’ t afford to quit my job until I get a new one 
Maybe you have two choices . You could attend school during the day , or you could get a position that provides training 
I'm sorry I scratched your car 
Don't worry about it . It's just a drop in the bucket . That car has more scratches on it than I can count 
What happened , John 
Nothing 
Why do you look unhappy 
I ’ m rather disappointed at not being able to see my best friend off 
Oh , cheer up . He ’ ll understand you 
I hope so 
How may I help you 
I couldn ’ t find the book I was looking for 
Have you checked the database 
I checked 
Was it on the shelf 
It should have been , but it wasn ’ t 
Maybe someone took it 
Will you be getting another copy anytime soon 
I ’ m sure we will 
Would you be able to reserve it for me 
I sure will 
Thank you very much 
Hello , madam . Would you like to take a look at our products ? They are high-tech items 
Hmm , they look interesting . Can I have a copy of your brochure 
Sure . Do you have a minute ? Why don't you have a seat and let me show you how to operate this item 
OK . Go ahead 
You see , if you press this red button , the helmet becomes an umbrella 
How amazing ! I have never seen it before . Is it expensive 
It only costs you 20 dollars for one 
OK , I will take one 
Which job do you prefer , an accountant or a secretary 
Neither , I prefer an active job 
Then how about a salesman 
That's better . I like travelling 
Well , how was the interview 
Not too bad , I suppose 
What did the woman ask you 
Oh , she asked me all sorts of questions . She asked if I smoked , and whether I played sports , she asked me where I went to school , and what subjects I took , and she asked me if I like to meeting people 
Did she ask you any questions about your family 
Well , she asked me if my parents wanted me to be a steward 
Did she tell you whether you would get the job 
No , but she told me to telephone her next week 
Welcome back movie lovers to another Premier Movie Review . My name is Richard Clarke and I am joined today by the very erudite DavidWatson 
Thank you Dick . Today we are going to talk about the movie Lion King . Tell me Dave , what is your impression of this film 
Well , I think this film is simply a fable , depicting man ’ s eternal greed for power , and in my opinion , it ’ s a very fine film . Even despite the accusations of plagiarism traditional folk tales from other countries.The musical score was amazing , the animation was very well done , and the story was simply enchanting 
I think otherwise . Even though the animation was technically strong , and as you say , the score and songs performed by Elton John were great , the film lacks a certain originality ; it lacked heart . And I would dare to say , it was too predictable 
Predictable ! How ! Come on Dick , It ’ s a G-rated movie ! It ’ s for the kids ! It ’ s not a thriller 
Well , that ’ s just it . It did have some very dramatic and intense scenes For example when Mufasal dies , or the dark , grim portrayal of Scar . Even so , the film is linear . Mufasal dies , Simba runs away thinking it ’ s his fault . Falls in love and returns to retake what is rightfully his . It ’ s just too cliche 
How can it be cliche ? It ’ s a fable ! It ’ s telling a time-honoured story ! The movie make a point of how the hunger for power leads to corruption , and teaches children the value of respect , life and love 
You have always been so soft , Dave 
Open your heart Dick . Don ’ t shut us out 
Anyway ... That ’ s all for today folks ! Join us next time as we talk about & quot , How to lose a guy in 10 days & quot , I ’ m sure you ’ ll love that one Dave 
He loves that blonde girl 
Yes , he once gave her seven roses 
Did she accept it 
No way to know 
Hi , happy new year 
Hey , the same to you 
Time flies ! One year has already been a history 
Definitely , it's time to say bye-bye to the last year and to say hello to the new year 
Yeah . Have you made any good resolutions for this new year 
Some resolutions ? That's a wonderful idea , but I have no idea yet . How about you 
I want to be healthier this year , so I think I should take more exercise 
That will be a good one ! Anything else 
Maybe I should make a plan about learning my biochemistry , which is a mess 
Sounds great 
How are you 
I ’ m fantastic 
What can I help you with 
I want to make a deposit today 
Cash or check 
It will be cash today 
How much do you want to deposit 
I need to deposit $ 300 
What account will you be depositing this money into 
Deposit it into my checking account 
What else can I do for you today 
That ’ s all I need today . Thanks 
Do you do a lot of your shopping online 
Not really . I like looking on the internet at what ’ s available , but I usually prefer to actually see and touch what I ’ m buying before I pay for it . Sometimes , I ’ ll look at something in a shop , but lat
No . I ’ m a little worried about security . You never know who ’ s trying to find out your codes and passwords . Aren ’ t you worry about that 
Not really . I know that it happens , but if you buy from reputable companies with secure websites , you should be ok . Even though I use online shopping facilities , I don ’ t think it ’ s the best way to sho
I ’ m surprised to hear you say that . I thought you loved anything technological 
I do . I ’ m a big fan of using new technology , but I don ’ t want to sit in front of a computer screen all day . I think people need to get out and interact with other people 
So , how about coming to the department store with me ? I want to see if there are any new summer clothes on sale yet 
Sure . I ’ d love to join you . Can we stop by the computer store ? I just want to see if they have something 
Sure . While you ’ re in the computer store . I will visit the book store opposite . I like to browse through their books and see if they have anything interesting 
Ok . I ’ Ve finished online . Let ’ s go . I ’ ll just get some money and my credit card 
Thanks for reminding me . I had forgotten to get mine 
I only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines 
Okay . Is your hair naturally curly or is it a perm 
It's natural . My friend told me you know how to work with curls 
That's my specialty . Let me put this around your neck 
Do you have any product that controls frizz 
With the cut I'll give you , we will minimize a lot of that 
Thank you 
And when we're done , I'll show you some great stuff to take care of the rest 
How much for a bus pass 
Well , for a monthly pass , it'll cost you $ 65 
Is there anything else that doesn't cost as much 
If you're a student , you can get a student bus pass 
How much does a student pass cost 
That actual bus pass is free 
It doesn't cost anything 
The only thing you'll have to pay for is the monthly sticker 
Can you tell me how much that'll cost 
It's only $ 24 a month 
Sounds good , let me get that 
I'll get it for you right now 
Watch out , Jenny ! Be careful of the cars 
I'm fine , dad 
Did you get hit 
No , dad . Can I go there to play ball 
Watch out for strangers , and don't go too far away . Alright 
I would like to talk to you , if you have time 
What ’ s going on 
I want to discuss some things about my lease 
What aren ’ t you too sure about 
Can you tell me when my lease is up 
Your lease is for three years 
If I ever decide to leave before the three years , will there be a problem 
If you do , I will keep your deductible 
Why is that 
If you break the contract , then you will not receive your deductible 
Oh , I see 
All right . I ’ m glad I could clarify things for you 
An interesting meeting , isn't it 
Yes , very . I thought the last speaker was especially good 
Let me introduce myself , by the way , my name is Dick Brown 
How do you do ? I'm Mary Green 
Sorry , what was your last name again 
Green , G-R-E-E-N , but just call me Mary 
OK . I'm Dick 
Glad to meet you 
It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place . It gave me a good idea of your product range 
It ’ s a pleasure to show our factory to our customers . What ’ s your general impression , may I ask 
Very impressive , indeed , especially the speed of your NW Model 
That ’ s our latest development . A product with high performance . We put it on the market just two months ago 
The machine gives you an edge over your competitors , I guess 
Certainly . No one can match us as far as speed is concerned 
Could you give me some brochures for that machine ? And the price if possible 
Right . Here is our sales catalog and literature 
Thank you . I think we may be able to work together in the future 
Excuse me . Do you happen to have a gym here 
Yes , sir . I think you'll find our gym quite satisfactory 
So , where do I go to exercise 
It's only one flight down , sir . Just take the elevator or the stairs 
Am I going to be charged extra for using the gym 
Sir , you can use the gym for free . All you need is your room key 
Great ! Now tell me , what are the hours of this gym 
Sir , our gym is open around the clock , every day of the week 
Okay . Do you have a trainer to help me work out 
I'm sorry , sir , but we have no trainer 
I'm going to try sky diving this weekend 
I wouldn't do it if I were you 
It's sounds like fun 
It's very dangerous , you know 
I want to try something exciting 
It's an easy way to get hurt , let me tell you 
I'll tell you all about it next Monday 
Well , take care of yourself , and don't say I didn't warn you 
Aunt Cindy , do you shop online often 
Yes . It's very convenient and the price is even lower 
Last week , I tried to buy some books online , but I didn't know how to pay for them 
You should open an account at the online bank first . After that , you can buy anything online 
Are there many things online 
Sure . You can find everything all over the world . Let's check it out online 
Oh , what's this ? Second-hand cellphone store 
Yeah , this one is very famous with a good credit among on-line customers . It's like an open free market . If you want to change your cellphone for a new one , you can sell the old one here 
Really ? How to do that 
Take some pictures of the thing you want to sell , then upload it onto line with a brief description about it and leave your connecting number . Then your stuff will be sold by auction 
That's amazing . I'd love to try it later . Oh , an on-line virtual supermarket 
Let's click to check it out 
Oh , I got it . It simulates the real supermarket , which makes it feel so real . Mom will love it . She loves shopping in supermarkets 
No doubt about it . Shopping online will get more and more popular . It's a real revolution about people's consuming habits 
Are there any disadvantages about it 
It takes some time for the stuff you buy online to arrive . But I think this problem will be solved soon 
I ’ m sorry , but I can ’ t find the book that you lend me 
Oh , that ’ s alright 
I must apologize . I ’ ll buy you a new one tomorrow 
No . Please don ’ t . I couldn ’ t let you do that 
Do you know our major business 
Yes , I know it is one of the leading industries in the petrochemical field 
Do you have a long-term plan for your career 
Yes , I hope I will be a manager in 5 years 
He ’ s got laid off again . I do feel sorry for him 
Do you really 
What do you mean 
Well , I just think he deserves it 
Brandy , I am supposed to participate in an interview tomorrow 
That's great . You need to prepare for it 
How 
Buy an expensive suit 
Is a white shirt OK 
Yeah , fine . And dressing leather shoes 
Good morning Mike 
Morning Sally ! What's up ? you seem many hurry 
I am having an exam at 9 o'clock , It's already 8 thirty 
Don't worry , I'll drive you 
Thank you very much 
How are your cases coming along 
Very well , thanks , I will probably finish next week , but this is still a lot of work , I have been worked on in for six months , and i ' m so closed to end . I can fill in 
Wow , Good for you . It sounds like a lot of work . I'm proud of you ! Is this the red of building 
Yes , It's only 8 forty . Thanks so much 
You're welcome . Good luck , bye 
Have a nice day , bye 
What is this eviction notice for 
The notice you received is a 30 - day notice to vacate 
Are you kidding me 
I mentioned to you before that you need to keep up with your rent . This notice to evict is letting you know that I mean business 
You can ’ t just throw me out on the street 
You have 30 days to catch up on your rent , or a sheriff will evict you 
Will you still throw me out if I make the rent payment 
You can stay , but you might think about looking for a less expensive living arrangement if you are having trouble making the payments 
I am going to take care of the rent payment right now 
Thank you . The payment needs to be in the form of cash or a cashier ’ s check 
Happy anniversary , sweetheart 
Yes . to our first anniversary and many more to come . Cheers 
I'll drink to that . Thanks for making this a night worth remembering 
Well , it's a special day . They say if you survive the first year , the rest is smooth sailing 
That's good to know . Oh , listen ! The band's playing our song 
I requested it . What do you say ? Do you have your dancing shoes on 
Always 
Hello , may I help you 
Yes , I need some more cash for my visit in China . May I cash a traveler ’ s check here 
Of course . We would be happy to cash it for you 
I was going to cash it at the hotel , but one of my friends said that banks always give better exchange rates 
Well , any bank will cash it at our present traveler's check buying rate , for which we ’ re somewhere cheaper than hotels because of the service charge . You see , hotels really aren ’ t in the money exchange business although they will cash traveler ’ s check for their guest 
You mean there is really not that much of a difference 
No , madam . Not very much 
Well , may I cash these three checks for 100 dollars each ? I think that will be enough 
Yes , I'll be happy to cash these for you . Would you please countersign them here 
Ok 
Where are you going to play this weekend 
I have not given it much thought . Do you have any good suggestions 
I want to spend two days in the mountains with friends . The city is too noisy . Do you know Tangle Temple 
I have been there . It is in the middle of the mountains . It is not noisy there and you have to be a vegetarian 
Do you want to climb the mountain with us 
Does it have enough lodging 
No problem . The temple is quite large 
There are many ancient pine trees there . It is especially quiet at night . It is wonderful to listen to the monks chanting while listening to the soothing sound of the winds in the pine trees 
I'm getting a little excited now . What clothes should I wear 
Take some thick clothes with you . It is rather cold there at night . If you wear the T-shirt you're wearing now , you will become a ' popsicle ' 
Anything else I should bring 
If you like taking pictures , you may bring a camera with you 
Needless to say 
What day is it today 
It's Friday 
I need to make a copy of a document as soon as possible 
No problem , sir . There's a copy machine in our computer lab 
Very good . How much does each copy cost 
Each copy will cost you a dime , sir 
A dime ? I remember when copies used to cost a nickel 
There aren't many things you can get for a nickel , sir 
Nick , it's very nice of you to see me off 
You're welcome . Did you have a good time on this vacation 
Very well . If I leave I'll miss you 
Me too . Please write to me as soon as you get Boston 
I'm sure and I remembered your phone number . I'll call you 
OK , they begin to register 
It's time I left 
Have a nice journey ! Do give my regards to your parents 
I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible 
That's nice 
We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings 
Of course not . We have cooperated for a long time 
Excuse me , do you go to the Central Park 
Yes , this is the right bus 
Could you please tell me when I get to the Central Park 
Don't worry . I'll call out the stops 
( A few minutes later . ) Should I get off at the next stop 
No , don't worry . I'll get you off when you get there 
Is it a long ride 
No , not that long . Two more stops , and you'll get off , sir 
OK . I know . Thank you 
Not at all 
May I see your airplane ticket , passport and health certificate please 
Here you are 
Will you please put your luggage on the scale 
I want to check these three pieces and I'll carry this overnight bag by myself 
Sir , your bags are 30 pounds over weight.You are allowed only 45 pounds of baggage 
Well , then , how much do I owe you 
That comes to H . K . $ 120 
I've got to get dad a Father's Day gift 
Thanks for reminding me . It always slips my mind 
This year I'm going to get him a gag gift 
Cool ! That's a great idea . What did you have in mind 
Well , we have a tradition in my family ..
Don't tell me , socks 
No , ties . And there's a tie store . Let's go 
You ready 
Am I ready for what 
Are you ready to transfer to a new school tomorrow 
Oh . Yes , I ’ m ready to transfer 
You ’ re not nervous , are you 
I ’ m very nervous 
Why are you nervous 
I ’ m not going to know anybody there 
That ’ s not a problem 
That makes me nervous 
It ’ s fun meeting new people 
I didn ’ t think about it that way 
Hi . I'm looking for a gift for my niece 
Well , little girls seem to love Barbie dolls 
That's perfect . I want to see one 
Here you are — she's called Digital Barbie 
Oh , I like Digital Barbie ! How much does she cost 
This Barbie is only $ 29.95 
That's perfect . Let me have her 
Very good . Is there anything else you would like 
No , that'll do it for now 
Including tax , your total will be $ 32.42 . Cash or charge 
Let me give you cash , please 
Here's your change and receipt . Thank you 
You're from New York , aren't you 
Yes , that's right 
What do you suggest I should see in New York 
Well , how about the Museum of Modern Art 
No , I don't like museums.They ' re boring 
Why don't you go to see the Empire State Building 
Ah ! That sounds interesting 
Do you have any siblings 
Yes , I do . I am the oldest child . I have a sister and a brother . My sister is in college and my brother in high school 
How do you get along with them 
We get alone very well 
Is the right counter to check in for this flight 
Yes , it is . Please put your luggage on this scale 
OK . Is the plane on schedule 
Yes , it is . How many pieces of hand luggage do you have 
Two 
Robert , this is my friend , Mrs . Smith 
Hi , Nice to meet you 
Nice to meet you too 
Mrs . Smith , what do you do for work 
I'm a doctor 
Oh . Where do you work 
New York University hospital in New York City . What do you do 
I'm a teacher 
What do you teach 
I teach English 
Where 
At a high school in New Jersey 
That's nice . How old are you 
I'm 32 
Hi , Robert . What happened to your face ? It looks swollen 
I had to go get a cavity filled today 
Did it hurt 
I don't even wanna talk about it . It killed me 
How long were you in the chair 
It took quite a while , but the worst part was getting numbed . They had to give me 3 shoots 
Well , I guess you've learned a good lesson , huh . You have to take good care of your teeth 
No kidding . Not only can ’ t I stand the pain , but man ... dentists are expensive . The bill is going to be humungous 
Don't you have a dental insurance 
I do , but it still does not cover everything 
Oh , my God ! What's this 
What 
Look ! This window is open 
Did you open it before we left 
Are you kidding ? It's winter . Why would I open it 
I don't know . Wait . Is this yours 
No ! Oh , my God ! Someone has broken into the house 
It looks that way . That's probably why the door wasn't locked when we came in 
I locked it when I left though 
Yes , but the robber broke in.Then , when he left , he left through the door . So it wasn't locked 
I don't care about that , Allen ! What did he steal ? That's the question 
Look around 
The TV's still here 
And your stereo too . So what did he steal ? We have to go look upstairs 
But what if someone's still up there 
I don't think there will be . He left through the door , remember 
Sorry to have smoked in your room 
Don ’ t worry . I ’ ll open the window 
It ’ s very kind of you 
Smoking is harmful for your health 
I know . I ’ ll try to give it up 
Beautiful weather , isn ’ t it 
Yes , it is . Are you here on business 
No , I ’ m on a vacation to see the famous Three Gorges 
I ’ m going there for a tour , too . Is this your first trip to China 
Yes , it is 
Why don ’ t we go together ? I can show you around . I think you ’ ll have a better time 
I couldn ’ t agree more 
Great , let ’ s go 
Can you recognize Mike's father in the crowd 
Yes , he's holding a bunch of books 
Let's run up and give him a hand 
Hello , let me introduce myself . I'm your new neighbor . My name is Andy 
Hi , Andy . I'm Judy . It's nice meeting you 
Nice meeting you , too 
Come over and visit when you have time 
Thanks for the invitation . I will 
Hi , how are you . Is Alice there 
Speaking . What's up 
Why haven't you answered the phone 
My bad , I had chores to do 
That's all right 
What was the reason for your call 
I want to do something tomorrow with you 
Sounds good . What did you have in mind 
I was thinking about seeing a movie 
Okay , let's go see a movie 
Until then 
Talk to you later 
You got our email with all the specifications for the project . We'll be accepting bids untill noon on Tuesday . If you have any questions between now and then , please let me know 
Actually , I did have a question . We'd like to know what you had in mind for the budget on this project . We are hoping to put together a really competitive bid . But at the same time , we'd like to hit your target price , too 
I understand . But unfortunately , it is our policy not to disclose our bottom line . You can be assured that price is a weighty consideration when we review the proposals . We also consider other elements , including design and practicality . We also give weight to the reputation of the submitting company 
Do you have any price range ? Is there any way you can give me any idea of what direction to go or how high is too high 
We're just looking for a reasonable price according to the specifications in our project blueprint . That's all I can say 
The concert was really great 
I agree 
The singing group used to be very popular 
I can't believe they would play so good 
Excuse me , I bought this sweater yesterday . But when I got home and tried it on , I found it ’ s too small 
Do you have the receipt with you 
Yes , here you are 
Thank you . Do you want your money back 
No , can I exchange it for a bigger one 
I am afraid this is the biggest size we have 
Oh , that's too bad 
Maybe you would like to try this one with the willow pattern . The price is the same and it's bigger 
Can I pay my bill here 
Yes , sir 
How much is the charge 
Let me see ... it's $ 50 
Do you receive checks 
Sorry , sir . We receive credit card and cash only 
Here is my card 
It's late.It ' s high time I left.Thank you for a most wonderful evening 
Don't mention it 
Good night then 
Good night 
good morning . How can I help you 
I'd like to open a new account 
have you filled out an application form 
yes . And I've brought some documents along with me , too . Do you need to see my passport 
yes . I'll just have my assistant look over these quickly and then we'll move on to the next step . Did you want to open up a checking account and a savings account 
yes . Does the checking account come with a debit card 
yes . Actually , both accounts come with cards that you can use in ATM machines , so that you won't have to come in to the bank to make a transaction 
that's very convenient 
it is . Our customers really like it . Do you have any other questions about your new accounts 
yes . What's the maximum amount that you are allowed to have in an overdraft 
the maximum is $ 1000 
is there a penalty for having an overdraft 
yes , but it's not much . You just have to pay 1 % interest on the amount . It's much lower rate than any of our loans and it's much better than owing money to most credit cards 
that's true . Is everything alright with my documents 
they're all in order . If you just sign your name here , you'll receive your cards and pin numbers in the mail in about three weeks 
thank you very much 
you're welcome 
How time flies 
May and Danny have already grown up 
I can still remember our first date 
Look at that big tree over there 
Yeah , oh my god ! It's still there . We have our first date right on there 
Do you know that I fell in love with you at the first sight 
You were dull at that time 
But you agreed to go out with me at last 
I can't believe this for it's been 20 years since we got married 
I wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past 
I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process 
And it takes up all the news 
The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up 
It's so small . The fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for us as the public 
Have you ever listened to AM radio ? It's quite a different experience than the traditional news stations on TV and FM radio 
I don't remember the last time I listened to AM radio 
Another place you can get real insight is European papers . You can get them on-line 
Are you enjoying your trip to New Orleans 
Oh , yes . I really like it here 
Would you like to do something tonight 
Sure . I'd love to 
Let's see . Have you been to a jazz club yet 
Yes . I've already been to several clubs here 
OK . What about an evening riverboat tour 
Uh , actually , I've gone twice this week 
So , what do you want to do 
Well , I haven't been to the theater in a long time 
Oh , OK . I hear there's a terrific show at the Sanger Theater 
Great ! Let's make a reservation 
I ’ m thinking about getting a pet , but I ’ m really not sure which animal would be suitable . Could you give me some advice 
Certainly ! The first thing is to be honest about how much time for you can devote to your pet . Dogs are very demanding . You need to take them for walks and they love to play . Cats , on the other hand , are more independent 
I ’ m fairly busy , so I really need an animal that I don ’ t need to care of very much . Actually , I ’ d like a pet that ’ s a little unusual . I don't ’ really want a typical pet , like a cat , dog , or hamster . Do you have any suggestions 
Unusual pet are often more expensive to keep . Is that a problem 
Not really . By the way , I don ’ t want a pet that could be dangerous , like a tarantula or rattlesnake 
We have those , but I only sell them to people I know well , for obvious reasons . How about a lizard ? I have some that are very brightly coloured , are not aggressive , and are easy to feed and look after 
That sounds ideal . Could you show me some 
Sure . Come over here . As you can see , I have a wide selection of species . They can live together , if you want lizards of different kinds . Do you have a favourite colour 
I like the red one . What do they eat 
You can feed them on various things . They will eat small pieces of meat , but I ’ d recommend insects . You can get them from your garden , but remember that lizards eat a lot insects . I sell them here 
Thanks a lot . What I ’ ll do si find out more online and drop by next week 
That ’ s fine . You shouldn ’ t make a hasty decision when choosing a pet 
It's your turn , sir . I'm sorry that you've had to wait 
That's all right.Show me the blue pen , please 
OK , It's here , one of the best makes in China 
I see.Thank you 
You seemed to be fed up with Mary 
Yeah . I get sick of her . She always bends my ear about what she thinks 
She is a barking dog . But she means well 
But I don ’ t like anyone who would drive me crazy by telling me what to do 
You are unfair to her . She is a very nice girl 
OK . Do you want a trim , or do you want to get your hair done 
Can I get my hair done like his ? His girlfriend has the same hair , and she's white 
Like that Rastafarian over there ? You mean dreadlocks ? You crazy ! That'll take way too long 
What kind of style are you getting done ? Can we match 
I'm gonna get a relaxer , then flip the ends up like Halle 
Can I get a relaxer , too ? And why did you say , “ You crazy ” instead of “ You ou're crazy ” 
Can you take part in our picnic this Saturday 
That would be fine . Where are you going 
We plan to go to a forest in the suburb . There is a beautiful river there . We can do some fishing 
Great 
And don't forget your fishing tackle 
Ok . I like fishing very much 
Hello , Rebecca , fancy meeting you here 
Hi , Paul . I haven't seen you for a long time 
How have you been 
Fine , thank you , and you 
Pretty good . What brings you here 
I came to see my uncle . He lives in the next block 
Have you eaten 
Not yet 
it's getting cold 
yes . I bought a scarf yesterday . It's really nice and warm . Have a look 
Oh , it's made of wool . I like the striped pattern 
yes , I adore simple fashions . How does it look on me 
it looks great , but you need something to go with it . It's too plain on its own 
how about this blue sweater 
that's a good idea . When did you buy it ? Is it a name brand 
yes , but I bought it when it was on sale , 50 % off the original price . OK , what do you think 
that looks lovely . Just one more thing---you need a pair of earrings 
I've got a pair of pearl earrings . Here it is 
perfect 
you have good fashion sense , Karen 
thanks . We should be ourselves . There are so many fashion victims out there 
yes , but with our sense we'll always look good 
I've been looking for a swimming pool , but I haven't found one yet 
We have no pool , sir , but we do have swim stations in our gym 
Swim stations ? Could you be a little more explicit 
You know how you run on a treadmill but don't go anywhere ? Well , it's the same thing 
Gee , that's a great idea . Now , how much do I have to pay 
The stations are absolutely free to guests , sir 
Great ! Now , when can I go down there and use the stations 
The swim stations are open daily from 7 a . m . to 10 p . m 
Boy , oh boy ! I can't wait to change into my swim trunks 
Be warned , sir . At certain hours the swim stations are very crowded 
Too ... your face is really oily ... perfect 
Why ? Are you planning to stir-fry my face 
Nope . I'm going to tell your fortune . So ... the oilier , the better 
You've gone bonkers , Jen 
It's facial paper , and it fits into the rings of my binder ! It's magical 
OK . Let's see . Give me a sheet 
Good morning , doctor . I've been suffering very much from a toothache lately 
Well , let me have a look . Will you sit down in this chair and open your mouth wide 
I think one of the back ones at the top is giving me the most trouble 
Yes . This big one is badly decayed . I'm afraid it must be taken out 
Oh , I hate having teeth pulled out . Will it hurt 
No need to worry . You won't feel anything at all . I'll give you an injection to stop the pain . Just wash your mouth out with this water , will you 
Will it take long 
No , it'll be over soon . Nurse , get some X-rays of our patient's molars . Then we'll start . Open your mouth wide . Don't be so nervous . Now open wider ... now stay , that's over ..
Is it out 
Not yet , but it soon will be . Now open again please ... It's out ! Look 
Well , really ! That was wonderful ! I felt no pain at all . Thank you , doctor 
Hi , I ’ m the superintendent of this building . What can I do for you 
Hi , I ’ m Paul . Could you show me the apartment on the first floor 
Sure . Let ’ s go 
I like this one . How much is the rent 
$ 850 a month 
Does the rent include utilities 
No . Utilities are extra 
Where ’ s the laundry room 
It ’ s on the other side of this floor 
What ’ s your rule about pets 
We allow one or two pets but you have to pay a $ 300 deposit 
How come 
If your pet ruins the apartment walls or carpet we ’ ll keep your pet deposit . If not , we ’ ll return your deposit when you move out . But be careful , we don ’ t allow pet snakes in the apartment 
who takes care of bug control 
We do . We will spray the apartments before you move in 
Thank you very much for taking your time . I ’ m still deciding . I will call you tomorrow 
Do you really like this straw hat , dear 
Yes , of course . I'll take it 
But it costs an arm and leg 
I like it 
I want to give our kitchen the works 
Why ? I think it ’ s convenient and good 
No . The decoration has been out-of-date . My friends have a whole kitchen now . It ’ s modern 
Why should we run after the fashion 
I am not running after the fashion . I just want a very beautiful and clean kitchen 
You know that this job requires frequent business travel . Can you accept it 
Yes , I can 
Mostly short business trips , but sometimes long ones are also needed 
Then how about the expenses during the trips 
The company will pay all the expenses 
Would you tell me where we often travel 
Usually Shanghai , Qingdao , Hong Kong and so on 
It's great ! I like these places 
And you need to go abroad once in a while . Can you 
Yes , I can 
After the business trip , you could apply for reimbursement of all the expenses , such as passage money and accommodation charges and so on 
I see 
You can take a break for one or two weeks after you have a business trip every time , which depends on the circumstances 
OK . Thank you very much for telling me all these things 
Can we have two tickets for seven thirty 
Yes , and would you like to have seats in the front or at the back 
In the front , please 
That's 35 yuan each 
Thank you . And what's on tomorrow 
Tarzan 
Can we get tickets now 
I am afraid not . Tomorrow is premiere 
If you like you can try it on.The fitting room is in the corner 
OK . What do you think of it 
I think it fits you . It flatters your figure 
I think so . But can I try another one ? I don't like the color 
That's all you need to know about the interview for the job as a fireman . Any other questions 
No . I think I've known enough . Thank you 
You can contact me any time you need me . Bye 
Alright , see you 
Helen , you must be excited at going to America to study 
Yeah , I've been looking forward to it for ages 
What do your classmates think of it 
They give me a lot of congratulations 
How long will you study there 
Oh , maybe three years . I will study and get the master degree first . Then I will decide whether I will stay there or come back 
Which university will you go to 
Chicago University . My major is Economics 
Good luck 
Thank you 
Excuse me , sir , your steamed crabs is coming 
It looks delicious . Can you tell me how to enjoy it ? It's my first time to eat it 
Mix a little soya sauce , vinegar and sliced ginger on this plate and dip the meat in it before eating 
Thanks a lot 
Are you going to vote on Tuesday 
Of course . How about you 
I ’ Ve already voted 
How ’ s that 
I sent in an absentee ballot 
Why 
I won ’ t be able to vote on Tuesday 
Why not 
I have to work 
Why don ’ t you go to work late 
I have important business to take care of that morning 
I see 
Do you know that the dolphin is the most intelligent animal in the world 
Yes . Dolphins have a big brain and they are very smart . They are also the fastest swimmers in the world 
They must be amazing animals 
They are . I read a story about a dolphin saving a A from drowning in the sea 
I read that story too . They seem to be able to understand men 
They sure can . Maybe they can interact with men better than monkeys and apes 
Excuse me , how do I get to Wall Street 
Take the A train south to the Liberty Ave . stop . You should be able to find it from there 
I ’ m sorry , but how do I know the subway train is going south 
The southbound A trains say Brooklyn 
O . K . , so it ’ s this one 
Yeah . Hey ? What are you doing ? Let the people off the train before you get on 
Oh , sorry 
Jeez . Tourists 
Did you hear peter just retired 
Are you sure ? He is quite young , isn't he 
He is not young as he looks . I think he's almost sixty 
Really ? He looks so young 
Good morning , sir . Could I be of any service to you 
Have you got any Chinese paintings 
Yes , we have landscape paintings , figure paintings and flower-and-bird paintings 
I'd like a flower-and-bird painting 
Good . How about this picture of cranes with pine trees ? It was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty 
Oh , they look just like live cranes . I like this picture very much . How much is it 
One thousand dollars 
It's a lot of money . But the picture is excellent , I'll take it 
Ella , it's been such a long week . I'm ready to go out and party . Hey , let's go out for a night on the town 
Gosh , you took all the word right out of my mouth . Let's go out and get crazy tonight 
Let's go to the new club on West Street 
Sure , but what do I wear 
You can wear that pretty red dress 
Did you need help with something 
I need to cancel an account 
Do you have a problem with your account 
I don ’ t need two different accounts anymore 
What are you going to do about the money in your account 
Can I transfer it to my remaining account 
I ’ ll do that for you 
That ’ s lovely 
Would you like to withdraw any money 
No . That ’ s fine 
It ’ ll just take me a moment to cancel your account 
Thank you very much 
Can I help you , sir 
Yes , I want to have a photo 
Will you please pose for your picture 
Yes . I am ready 
I am really thirsty 
How about we go and get something to drink 
Let's do that 
Do you know what you want to get 
A soda sounds good 
Soda isn't the best thing to drink when you're thirsty 
Why is that 
Soda isn't good for you 
What should I drink then 
You should really drink water 
That sounds good 
It's a lot better than soda 
Hi , What's for lunch 
I don't know . What do you want to eat 
I was thinking of pizza 
That's what I ate yesterday 
Well , what do you want to eat 
I wouldn't mind a burger 
I ate a burger just the other day 
We're going to have to compromise 
You could always get a burger , and I can get a pizza 
Sounds good to me 
Where can we go to get both 
We can get both at the cafeteria 
Why have you changed your job so frequently 
My first job was in a well-established company where the division of labour was very clear . I do not have more chances to enrich my experience . Then I got an opportunity to really broaden my experience with a new company that was starting up , but unfortunately , they closed their service in three months ' time . I have worked in my present company for a considerable length of time and enjoy the job I am doing now , but I think I have accumulated enough experience to take up more challenging post in a much larger and diversified company where I could make solid contribution 
Ah , here we are 
This is the place I was telling you about 
Would you like to sit near the window 
Good 
Let's have a look at the menu . Oh , there isn't a menu . Do you think you could ask the people at the next table if we could look at their menu 
Yes , of course . Excuse me . Could you possibly let us see your menu ? Oh . They haven't got one either 
Hey , Steven . What are you going to do this Saturday 
If the weather is good , I'll go to climb mountains 
Are you going with your friends 
No , I'm going alone 
Oh , aren't you afraid 
Of course not . For me , mountaineering is both relaxation and a hobby 
I think mountaineering is an exciting sport , but a little dangerous 
Yeah , you are right , but it's really interesting 
Jack wonders whether Linda likes him or not 
Why doesn't he ask her 
He is too scared to ask her 
He's a chicken guy 
You know we went great lengths to promote the sales of your products . Through our continuous effort , consumers tend to accept your product . So , there will be a potential market for your product in this area , and would you let us act as your agent 
We appreciate your efforts in promoting the sale of our clothes in the market of this city . But according to our record , your annual turnover is not too big , so I think it is premature for us to discuss the question of agency 
If that's the case , we can talk about it first . What's your concept of a big amount 
I mean to double the amount for your sales this year at least 
I'm afraid that's too much for us 
We know you have done a good job in building up these exports for us . However , our company has the regulation for the agency 
All right , we accept the challenge . What about the commission ? You know , we usually get a 20 % commission of the amount on every deal 
I am sorry to say that it's a little higher . Our agents in other areas usually get a 3 % to 6 % commission 
You may have known that we have competitors from South Korea and other countries . At the beginning of our campaign , there is sales resistance to overcome , we must send out salesmen to have the market investigation and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in newspaper and TV programs . A 20 % commission will not leave us much 
Our price is worked out according to the costing . A 20 % commission means an increase in our price . So , I'm afraid we have to decline your proposal of acting as our sole agent 
Oh , that's pitiful 
Hi , Kenny . Let's go for a drink 
Sounds good . Where are we going 
Somewhere new . It's a great place to pick up chicks 
Need a new . girlfriend , huh 
Yeah , I broke up with Lisa.She blew a gasket over it . Whoa , get a load of that 
Whew ! That getup is terrific 
Never mind the getup.She ' s beautiful 
That too 
I'm gonna introduce myself 
If you're lucky , that might do the trick 
Oh , oh , that tears it ! I'm getting out of here 
Hold on ! What's the big hurry 
My ex-girlfriend's here.If she sees me , my goose is cooked 
I wanna finish my drink first . I'll meet you at Sammy's 
OK , catch you later 
Ouch ! I'm hurt 
Are you all right 
Yes . I'm OK . I just had a tumble . No big deal 
Good . You scared me 
Sorry . Can you please help me up ! I have trouble standing up by myself with the skis on 
Sure . Is this your first time skiing 
Yes . I tried skiing on grass before . Not very good at it , though 
Have you got any experience in advertising 
Yes , I have been working in the Public Relations Section of a company in the past two years . I plan the advertising campaign and cooperate the work of artists and typographers . Sometimes I have to do the work of a specialist when there ’ s something urgent 
Do you have any practical experience as a secretary 
Yes , sir . I acted as a secretary in an insurance company 
Would you tell me the essential qualities a secretary should maintain 
Well , to begin with , I would say she needs to be diligent , and the second point is that she has to do a lot of things on her own initiative . Finally , she can make notes in shorthand and types and has the skills in report writing , summary writing , keep minutes at meetings , and so on . Most important of all is that she seems to have a better memory than average 
Have you had any experience with computer 
Yes , I studied in a computer training program , and can process data through the computer 
That's fine . What about operating the fax and duplicator 
I can handle them without any trouble
What have you learned from jobs you have held 
Above all , I have learned that what is good for the company is good for me . So I follow the instructions strictly and always keep my boss informed 
Very good 
I really need to lose some weight . I should go on a diet 
I think you should work out more too 
Wow ! You are much skinnier since the last time I saw you 
I have lost about five kilos 
How did you do it 
I was on a diet and exercised daily 
I hate working out 
You can try a low-impact workout schedule . Why don't you go to a gym 
Good idea . Then the trainer will help me to make a fitness plan . Besides that , what's your secret 
The secret is persistence 
Could you tell me something about the Mid-Autumn Festival ? I find it also very interesting 
OK . It falls on the 15th day of the eighth lunar month . It is said that there is a beautiful goddess Chang'E on the moon who had eaten some sort of elixir and had to depart her husband . She is always expecting to see her husband again . So , later we have the traditional idea that when there is the full moon , it is time for the family members to come together 
So , I understand why people eat moon cakes on that day 
You are right . In China , ' round ' is an auspicious word . The moon cakes are in round shape 
Is it official 
It was not in the past . But from 2008 , we can enjoy a three-day holiday for this festival 
Oh , this is Monica
OK . Commodity inspection is really an important part of our trade contract 
Yes . Let's first define the inspection right 
Following the rules of world business , the exporters have the right to inspect the goods before the delivery , while the importers have the right to re-inspect the goods after their arrival 
Would you tell me how the inspection is conducted before shipment and by which agency 
Inspection is to be done by the China Commodity Inspection and Testing Bureau . Usually inspection is conducted within five days before each shipment 
And can you tell me about the re-inspection 
Yes . The re-inspection should be made within seven days upon the arrival , and if any discrepancy is found , the claim must be raised within one month 
I see . How do they make testing and analysis of this item 
They always use the standard and method laid down in the contract 
What if the results from the two inspections do not coincide with each other 
A seminar of technical specialists including the surveyors from both sides will be held to clarify which result is correct 
I am so excited 
Excited about what 
I just voted 
Is this the first time you ’ Ve voted 
Yes , I just had my 18th birthday this year 
That ’ s lucky 
Why is that 
You turned 18 in an election year 
I didn ’ t think about it like that 
Really 
No , but that makes me even more excited 
You ’ re a part of history 
Lucy , come here ! I can see the lake which is in the center of park 
It is beautiful ! Look , there are so many birds around it 
It is a great place for a relaxing vacation 
Listen to the sound of nature ! It's like music 
Yeah , I agree . It makes you feel really good 
What are those 
Do you mean the red things ? They are roses 
I'm going to take more pictures today 
Me , too 
Paul , can I set up a time with you to go over the training manual 
Sure . Let me just grab my calendar . All right . I ’ m free all day Tuesday and Thursday morning 
Tuesday morning is good for me . How about 10:30 in my office 
Okay . Sounds good . See you then 
What made you decide on this type of occupation 
Oh , to tell you the truth , I love the sky . When I was a child , I imagined flying into the blue sky some day . Now , I think the day has come . My dream will come true . And I like travelling very much and I enjoy working with people 
Can you make yourself understood in English without too much difficulty 
Yes , I think I am quite fluent in English . I got the certificate of the Secondary English Training last month 
Do you know what the responsibilities are for a stewardess 
The main responsibility of the stewardess is to make the passengers relaxed and happy during the flight . And good service is also important 
Are you in good health 
I just had a complete physical examination and I am in top condition 
Have you had any nursing experience 
Yes , I have two years of nursing experience , and now I am working as a nurse in a hospital 
How tall are you ? What about your eyesight 
My height is one meter and sixty-eight centimeters . I've never had any vision problems 
What would you say are your strengths and weaknesses 
One of my strengths is my friendliness and open-minded attitude and also I think I have a warm personality . But sometimes , I find it is hard to tell others when I don't like what they are doing 
If a passenger can't understand what you say , what should you do 
I'll try to speak in another language or I'll try my best to use gestures and draw pictures 
So you're going picnicking 
Yeah . I'm going with Jennie 
Have a good day 
Thank you 
Here is the final draft of our contract . I'm glad that we have reached an agreement on almost every term in our trade 
Yes , it seems to me we have come quite a long way . However , let me take a close look at the final draft 
Do you have some points to bring up 
Well , everything we've discussed seems to be here 
Yes , including a description of the shirts you want to purchase this time , the total amount of your order , the price for each piece , mode of payment , packaging , shipping time , insurance and compensation , claim and arbitration , and rights and duties for both sides . Are all the terms here satisfactory 
I'll need a few minutes to check over my notes again on every detail . What about the quality standard 
It is said that the sample 25 is the standard for others . It's complete . So would you like to sign the contract right now 
If he promised to help you , I'm sure he will help . He's a man of his word 
You said it . I always count on him when I need his help 
Last year he helped me out of trouble , too 
I'm sorry for being late 
You're supposed to stand here quietly until the flag - raising ceremony is over 
About what time can I go to my own class 
When everything is over 
Now that it is all over . can I go now 
Not yet . You should stand still for another few minutes . Late-comers must be recorded 
That's too bad 
Hello , Julia , I know a party that will begin at midnight . Would you love to go 
I'd love to , but my mother asks me to go home before 11:00 every night . She will worry if I get home late 
What a pity ! The party is very interesting 
I have no choice . My mother is always very strict with me 
Don ’ t complain about it . She is concerned about your safety 
You're right . Mother's love is the greatest love in the world 
Is our destination the amusement park 
Yes , I think even though we are adults , it's still a good place for us to relax 
What are you going to enjoy 
I want some exciting . Which is more fun , the roller coaster or the ferris wheel 
I like neither 
Come on . Here is for enjoying and exciting 
OK , let me think . The roller coaster looks more fun 
I like ferris wheel more 
It doesn't matter . We can go to the ferris wheel later 
OK , let's go 
We came too early . There're still three hours before the performance starts 
I know . Sorry , I shouldn't have rushed you , but I just couldn't stay at home and wait 
Never mind . What about taking a look around the theater 
Why not ? I'd love to do that 
Here we go . There is a museum of the Beijing Opera art . ( They come to the museum of the Beijing Opera art . 
Wow . Look at this . So delicate and beautiful . Did ancient Chinese people really wear them 
Not really . They are just opera costumes . Do you like the embroidery 
I surely do . They must have had advanced machines in ancient China to do that 
No , no , no . They are all handmade , girl . You know , the ancient Chinese women were supposed to be good at needlework 
Unbelievable ! I could never do that 
Very few can . That's why these clothes only appear in the museum 
Listen ! Some people are singing outside . Is it the opera 
Oh , yes . I heard there was an opera fans club . They are probably practicing now . Wanna have a look 
Yes , let's do it 
Follow me . Make sure not to interrupt them 
Of course not . We don't do that 
I heard you are looking for a house 
Yes 
How is this going 
I haven ’ t found one that satisfies my demands yet 
I can recommend an apartment for you . A friend of mine is about to move . She doesn ’ t want to rent that house any longer 
Where is the house 
It is on Spring Avenue 
Really ! So it is just near my office building . Great ! How much is the rent 
It ’ s $ 240 a month 
Does that include utilities 
It includes water , but not gas and electricity 
That ’ s a little expensive 
But it ’ s very convenient for you to walk to work 
Yes . I won ’ t have to take a bus to go to my office . Is it a one-bedroom apartment 
Yes , it is 
That is what I am looking for . Could I go to see the house tomorrow afternoon 
Certainly ! But I have to contact my friend first 
All right ! Thank you 
Well , tell me something of yourself 
What would you like to know , Mr . Green 
What working experience have you get 
In 2004 , I got a job in the sales department of a trading company near Guangzhou . I started a sales representative . A year later , I was promoted to the position of sales manager . I had that job ever since , which is just over a year now 
Oh , good . Irene , can you tell me why you plan to quit being a sales manager to work here as my assistant ? Don't you like your present job 
Frankly , some part of it I enjoy very much , but I prefer something more professional . It happens that I have a friend working here in this company . She told me the export department was to recruit an assistant . I felt very excited at this news . That's why I'm here 
I ’ d like to talk to you for a second , please 
Okay , Mark , What ’ s up 
I ’ d like to know why you ’ re always taking credit for work we ’ Ve done together like that line in the new Ice Cream ad 
That was my line , Mark . I know we worked on the ad together , but that was definitely my line 
How time flies ! We have been lovers for nearly a year . We hit it off instantly 
Yes , but do you think there is eternal love in the world 
Don't do that . You are asking for trouble 
I don't care 
Can you please give me a hand ? I can ’ t carry the heavy box 
I ’ m afraid not . Don ’ t you see I ’ m looking up a word in the dictionary 
I think you are flicking through it 
Well , wait a minute 
Is there anything I could help you with , sir 
Yes , could you show me to your coat section 
This way , please 
Oh , These are exactly what I ’ m looking for 
These are French coats , sir.They are quite fashionable these days 
I'd like to try them on for size 
How does that fit , sir 
This seems to be my size 
It looks good on you 
Do you really think so 
I'd get it myself if I could 
Alright , I'll get it 
Mr . Crandall , I ’ m sorry , but I really don ’ t see the value in doing this entire project over from scratch . It would take a lot of work 
That ’ s certainly true . But , that ’ s what this job is all about , Maria . There's no doubt that this project is unacceptable 
I agree . But I think that we can handle the problem by making a few major changes . I ’ d appreciate it if you would give me a chance 
All right , Maria . I ’ ll give you until tomorrow at 4:00 to produce a satisfactory piece of work , but otherwise , you ’ ll have to re-do it 
May I ask a question 
Yes , what's it 
What does mph stand for 
It's miles per hour 
Why don't you begin by telling me something about yourself 
What do you want to know 
The usual , you know , something about your background and experience and anything personal that you feel is pertinent 
Well , I was born in Shanghai and went to school there , right up through college . My father is a lawyer , and my mother is a teacher 
Sounds as if you come from a professional family 
That right . One of my sisters is a doctor and the other one teaches at a university 
What made you decide to get into computers 
Oh , nothing in particular , I guess . I always liked mathematics and tinkering with machines 
Now what about your experience ? How long have you been working with computers 
More than five years now . After I did my engineering degree , I began to specialize in computer technology and I even had my own company for a while 
It certainly sounds impressive . Why don't you have your credentials sent to me and I'll show them to the board ? We'll probably get back to you in a week 
Thanks very much 
What can I do for you , Miss 
Have you a bus tour ? I have one day left so I think the best way is to take a bus tour 
That's right.The bus tour is really efficient and cheap 
What time does the next bus leave 
9 : OO . Don't worry , Miss , we have buses every 15 minutes 
All the soldiers in that country are armed to the teeth 
What's happening in that country 
The neighboring country is threatening their sovereignty with its nuclear bombs 
I am really interested in buying this television 
That's so great 
How much are you selling it for 
This t . v is only $ 2500 
You can't be serious 
That's how much this t . v costs 
That's too expensive for me 
This television is of very high quality 
You can't go down on the price 
By how much 
I'll buy it for $ 2000 
I'm sorry , but the price is final 
Mum , pass me some more please 
Tina , you should have more nutritious food.Don ' t eat these crisps any more 
But the ads say they're most nutritious 
Have you ever heard the ads say anything bad about their products 
In foreign trade , language differences are very important 
Yes . If people can not communicate with each other easily , they can not understand each other's way of thinking 
Fortunately , there is a widely-spoken commercial language , namely English 
Many exporters speak French and German as well 
In South America , the most common language is Spanish and Portuguese 
Even if the language is accurate , a misunderstanding can not be avoided due to cultural differences 
Yes , the language is a part of culture . It reflects a nation's character 
Yes , it not only includes the nation's historical and cultural background , but also contains the nation's view of life way of life and way of thinking 
So in foreign trade , you must be very clear about language differences 
Excuse me , sir ? I just need a little bit more information . Could you tell me your telephone number and mailing address 
Sure . My number is 545-8897 , and I live at 908 Mulbury Street 
That ’ s 545-8897 and your mailing address is 908 Mulbury Street . The zip code is 20310 , right 
That ’ s right 
Hello , can I speak to Mr.Green 
Yes , speaking 
This is Steven speaking . I'd like to buy a stock 
What stock do you want to buy and how many 
I'd like to buy 1 000 shares of Duson 
Let me get the asking price of the stock . Just a moment . Oh , now the asking price is $ 90 each share . By the way , what is the offering price 
Let me see . The offering price is near or at $ 88 
Then the difference between the asking price and the offering price is $ 2 . It's hard to take place today 
Do you mean that I have to buy it at current price 
You can decide by yourself 
I heard that this stock would go up . Hum , I will take it at current price 
So , now I will buy you . Are you sure 
Yes , please 
I hear you and James are engaged at last 
Yes , we are 
When are you getting married 
In the spring 
Oh , lovely . Where's the wedding going to be 
Well .. we're not sure yet , probably in St.Albans 
Oh , yes , your parents live there , don't they 
Yes , that's right 
Where are you going to live after you're married 
We're going to buy a flat or a small house somewhere in South London 
Are you going to give up your job 
Yes , probably but I may look for another one when we're settled in 
I feel like to wear my hair in this way 
Oh , it's really popular these days 
Do you think it's suitable for me 
Honestly speaking , I think the one next to it suits you better 
Even though I really like it , it's just too modern for me 
That's not true . Look over there ! That lady chose the same one and she is surely older than you 
Okay then . And I also want to have my hair colored 
Which color do you like 
Claret-red 
Nice choice 
How long will it take ? I hope it won't be too long 
I hope not but it will take at least three hours 
Now it's my son's turn to wait 
What can I do 
Take the books out of the bookcase . Put them in this box 
Well , the books are in the box . What can I do now 
Take the magazines out of the bookcase . Put them in that box 
All right 
Peter ! Pack them . Don't read them 
These magazines are interesting . May I borrow one 
Of course 
Thanks , John 
Reservation , please 
Sure , sir . How many of you are there 
5 , and please put us as close as possible to the stage 
No problem , sir . When are you coming to dinner 
At 8 o'clock 
Every time when heroes came back from the battlefield , we took our hats off to them 
You were showing respect and admiration for them 
I wish I were a hero 
I went to Rotes ’ , you know , Edith Roth is the author of a book about moths 
Is she ? I thought she was a mathematician 
I ’ m so thirsty 
Are you ? I thought you had something to drink at her home 
No . Edith didn ’ t give anything to drink 
I ’ ll buy you a drink 
Oh ! Thank you 
Woo hoo ! This just might be the start of the rest of my life 
What happened 
I ’ m in the market for a job ! I went on a website with hundreds of job listings in the area and browsed through them until I got the names of a few employers I would like to work for . I have the resume I wrote for English class last month and a cover letter will be a piece of cake to write . I ’ Ve even done my research and found the names of the managers so I can address the letters personally . And you know I can be charming in interviews . Goodbye my penniless days ! Hello salary and a career 
Ben , we ’ re fifteen . What kind of job are you looking for 
Oh , just for a position as a gas station attendant . You know , starting at a simple lowly job , just like all the greats before they made it big in the world 
Uh-huh 
But I ’ m just in it for the money , right ? How else am I going to be able to afford to keep taking Angela to the movies ? Besides , I love the smell of gasoline , don ’ t you 
What is your greatest strength 
I think I am very good at planning . I manage my time well so that I can always get things done on time 
What is your weakness 
I always give each job my best efforts , so when others are not pulling their weight , I am frustrated 
What is your greatest accomplishment 
I got the Scientific Research Prize from the Gansu government for my achievements in the Northwest Regional Economy Development Research Project 
Can you work under pressure 
Working under pressure is exciting and challenging . I don ’ t mind . In fact , I am very efficient when certain pressure is exerted on the work 
What are the problems you have encountered in your job and how do you solve them 
There was a time when both the clerical assistant and the secretary resigned at the same time . I then had to handle their work temporarily . The workload was incredibly heavy . So I started to set priorities for the jobs and hired part-time staff to handle routine work . Finally , I managed to keep the operation smooth until we found someone to fill the vacancy 
How do you deal with those who you think are difficult to work with 
I stick to my principles and keep to the rules . Sometimes , they just lack enthusiasm and I get them involved with something constructive . Some of them change their attitude later 
How about the repair fee 
It's for free , because your computers are still in the period of guarantee--two years 
Great ! When can your technicians come to our factory 
They are working in another factory to provide maintenance right now . Let me call them and see whether they have solved the problem . Please wait a moment 
I've just contacted our technicians . They say they can go to your factory tomorrow afternoon . Can you tell me your factory's address , so they can find you easier 
That's wonderful . I appreciate your efficiency and cooperation 
To provide the As excellent after-sales service is our motto . Please wait for our maintenance staff in your factory tomorrow afternoon . They will be there on time 
Thank you again 
Hello . floor service , can I help you 
Hello , this is Smith from 1308 , can you add something to my room 
No problem , what would you need , Mr . Smith 
2 towels and l Turkish towel , please 
OK , I will send them to you soon 
Thank you 
Anything else , Mr . Smith 
No more , thank you very much 
We can't go that way , the road is blocked for the next few days 
Oh , that's right . They're filming a movie up there , aren't they 
Some high speed chase scene , I think 
I wonder how all the businesses in the area feel about that 
I think that they get a pretty good payoff 
The movie company has to pay them 
I don't know about all of that , but think about it , their business gets free publicity 
Oh , yeah , they get to be in a movie for the whole world to see 
Would you mind going to dinner with me tonight 
I'd love to go out with you , but I'm sorry I'm busy tonight , but I'd like a rain check 
OK 
Will they send me a form telling me that I have been granted unemployment 
A Notice of Unemployment Insurance Award letter will be sent to you 
What information will be in that letter 
The Award Letter will inform you as to how much you will receive 
What other forms will I need to turn in 
Every two weeks you will receive a Continued Claim Form that you must turn in 
What will they be asking me on that form 
You must show that you were available and that you looked for work 
What else will they ask me 
One of the questions they ask you is if you were well enough to work 
Hello . I want to send the computer to my sister in Shanghai by logistics transport 
OK . Is it in the box ? May I see it 
Yes . This is the computer and this is the keyboard and the monitor 
Is there anything else 
There are a mouse and a camera 
Is that all 
Yes . How much is it to send these things to Shanghai by regular delivery 
It depends on the weight of these things . Generally speaking , we will charge you ten yuan for one kilogram 
I see . Can you weigh them for me , please 
Please go over there to weigh them 
OK . See you later 
This is today ’ s schedule . At 8 thirty AM , conference with the department managers . At 9 o ’ clock , live for the workshop where you ’ ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives 
That ’ s great . What are the prizes 
3000 RIB as bonus for each person 
To encourage the staff increases 
Ok . Next thing is laying the corner-stone for the new plant at 10 AM . At 12 AM , back here for lunch 
What about the afternoon 
At 2 PM , give a presentation here with the press . At four o ’ clock sharp , have dinner with Mr . Smith , manager of NCC 
Sam , I am so sorry . It was your birthday yesterday and I completely forgot about it 
Don't worry about it . I keep forgetting everyone's birthdays as well 
Margaret really told me off when she found out that I had forgotten all about it . We did try to phone you , but you and Jane must have gone out 
Yes , Jane invited me for dinner to this new restaurant which opened near us 
Oh , yes , I know the one . How was the food 
The food was excellent , but Jane ordered a birthday cake , which they forgot about . So as you can see , you were not the only one 
Oh , no 
Yes , Jane was quite upset about it . The manager came to apologize and we did get free dessert , but still ..
I would think this was the least they could do 
In the end it was a nice evening and I got an iPad as my birthday present which I wanted for a while 
Great . I have also been thinking of getting one . Do you think you could ask Jane to have a quiet word with Margaret ? My birthday is not that far away 
I can try , but knowing Margaret she will see through that immediately 
It is too bad today 
What happened 
My som was lost . I told him to stand rooted to the spot when I went shopping , but he ignored it 
How did you find him at last 
It was the police wo helped me to do that 
It must have taught you a lesson this time 
May I speak to Marry 
She's in a meeting until noon 
Ok , I'll try her back then 
Ok , thank you 
Aunt Shirley , I heard the Yuan Miao Festival is the name for the festival . Why did it get its name 
Well , the first lunar month is called Yuan-month , and in ancient times people called night Miao . And you know the festival is just in the middle of the month 
Oh , I see . I also heard today is the last day for the street fair . Can ’ t wait to sample all the snacks 
Sure . It ’ s indeed a culinary heaven which offers a wide range of delicious snacks to satisfy all tastes . Then , which one would you like 
Can you recommend some must-try 
OK . Let ’ s go over there . For the Lantern Festival , you should never omit the Yuanxiao 
What ’ s that ? It gets the name from the festival itself . That ’ s really funny 
Actually , they are small dumpling balls made of glutinous rice flour . They are like Tangun 
Oh , I know Tangyuan . It ’ s a sweet snack , good for dessert 
Yes . And also , we can find Yuanxiao with both sweet and salty fillings 
I ’ d like to try the salty ones . Where does that strange smell come from 
Oh , the smelly bean curd . My favorite 
Hello , Lucy . This is Monica again . I have a question 
Please ask 
I was wondering what kind of resume do you prefer , an e-resume or a paper one 
For this position we prefer e-resume at the very beginning . Please send it to our department ’ s e-mail box 
Ok , thank you 
You ’ re welcome 
Let's get down to business 
OK . Have you seen the samples 
Yes . I have . I'm interested in your underwear . If the price is acceptable we would like to order it soon 
I'm glad to hear that . We are trying to give you a favourable one 
What's your price 
150 yuan for each piece 
That's a bit more than I was prepared to pay 
How about 130 yuan 
I offer you 110 yuan 
That's too little . Well , I'll come down to 120 yuan 
All right . I go up to 115 yuan , but not a penny more . Is that acceptable 
If you order more than 10,000 pieces , we can accept 115 yuan for each one 
Well , I'll accept the price and place an order for 10,000 pieces 
Very good . It's a pleasure to do business with you , Mrs . Phoebe 
What's the weather like in your hometown 
Um , very nice . It's warm in spring and cool in autumn 
Is it hot in summer 
Yes , it is , but not as hot as in Beijing 
What do you reading , Linda 
I'm reading a novel , The mill on the floss , written by the famous novelist gorge alias 
What's it about 
It's meanly about relationship between a brother and a sister , who live in the mill on the river floss . It describe there are childhood and disputes cause them to separate , the book ends with them ha
Is it difficult to understand 
Not really , i would consider it easy 
Besides novels , any other types literary works that you indulgence 
I really like short stories 
Have you read anything else besides literature 
Certainly I have . I like to read books on vary subjects , and i can read everything I can get my hands on in my spare time . I don't want to idle away and waste my time 
I agree . People who don't read are no better often people who can't read . I also agree that books are like food for the mind 
Hey ! Taxi 
Where are you heading , sir 
Capital Airport 
What's your flight time 
At 7:50 
I guess we should get there no later than 7:00 
How long is the ride from here then 
Well , since it's rush hour , I'd say the ride would take about thirty minutes , more or less.Is that okay 
Yes , that'll be fine . How much is this going to cost 
Excuse me . Do you mind telling me the time when the recruitment will officially start 
It will be held on October 15th 
Should I arrive early or on time 
You'd better be early in case that you may be late because of traffic jam . That will put you in a insurmountable place 
How do I buy my textbooks 
Do you have your book list for your class 
Yes , I have my list 
Fine . Once you have it , you can go to the bookstore . Do you know where that is 
Yes , I know where the bookstore is 
OK , so once you pass the gym , it's the first door on your left . Do you know you can also sell your used textbooks there 
No , I didn't know I could do that 
You just take them with you and trade them with the used textbook man just outside the door . Do you think you will be going there today 
Yes , I am going today 
Well , if you decide to go , I could meet you over there at 1
Yes , thank you . That would be great 
Well , then , I'll talk to you later . Have a good day 
Where is your native place 
My native place is Shanghai , which is a very beautiful cosmopolitan city 
So are you a local 
Yes , I am a local resident 
So , is L . A . all it's cracked up to be 
Well , the stereotype in the movies is that L . A . is a frivolous town with a lot of flaky people . I guess , in the back of my mind , that's what I expected 
And , is it what you found 
Well , it is and it's not . The city of L . A . is much bigger and more diverse than I had expected . There are people here from all over the country and all over world , like New York . I've heard people say that in L . A . , everyone is from somewhere else . Tha's partly true . So , I've met all kinds of people here . What I'm realizing is that the picture of L . A . that's in movies only represents a small segment of the city 
You're right . Life isn't always like the movies 
Is there a swimming pool in this hotel 
We don't have a full-sized swimming pool , but we do have individual swim stations 
What exactly does that mean 
Basically , a swim station is like a treadmill , except instead of running , you swim 
That sounds really neat . Is there an extra charge for these swim stations 
If you're a registered guest , you have free access to our swim stations 
Are the swim stations open 24 hours , like the rest of the gym 
To conserve electricity , the stations operate only from 7a . m . till 10 
I'll go down there as soon as I can 
I don't think you'll be disappointed . People really seem to like the swim stations 
What's the name of the girl that has just passed us 
Her name is Rose.Why 
She's so pretty . I'd like to make friends with her 
Oh , shut up.She ' s already got married 
Oh , I think I broke my leg 
Here , sir . Sit down in this wheel chair 
Thanks 
The doctor will be with you in a moment . I just need to ask you a few questions 
All right 
Name , age and date of birth , please 
James Taylor , 23 , March 30,1982 
Health insurance company and policy No 
I don't have it 
What 
I don't have health insurance 
Well , this is going to be a very expensive broken leg , Mr . Taylor 
Oh 
Have you met the new manager in customer service 
No , I haven ’ t gotten over there in a few weeks . How is he 
She . She seems to be doing a pretty good job . Of course , anything would be better than that last guy 
You said it ! I can't believe he lasted as long as he did 
Hey , Brad . How was your day 
Pretty good . Where are you going 
I'm going home 
Wait . We have to return to our homeroom and wait to be dismissed 
Is that right 
Our homeroom teacher has to take attendance again to make sure that we're all here 
So he takes attendance once in the morning and once in the afternoon 
Yeah . I'm going to my locker to get my jacket . Catch you later 
Can I help you , sir 
Yes , I'd like a book about law 
Would you tell me the name of the book and the author 
Uh , the Origin of Law . And it's written by Professor Felix of Harvard 
I'm sorry . It's out of stock now . Could you come by again next week 
Next week ? It is too late . I need it urgently 
Well , then , is it convenient to leave your phone number so that I can inform you as soon as we restock it 
No , thanks any way 
You're welcome 
Peter , listen to the lyrics of this song 
What's so special about this song 
It's from the musical that is so popular in New York right now . Do you like it 
Not very much . It sounds too emotional to me 
That's why it is so popular . It was recorded by Barbara Tutin . I've heard that when she sang this song on stage the opening night , she created quite a sensation 
I'm afraid my association with Broadway musicals is rather limited 
Well , then , you need an introduction . The school drama club is putting on a musical production . How about going together 
I have a better idea . Let's go to a jazz concert and I'll give you an education in jazz 
What's the best way downtown 
Let me see . It depends 
Depends ? Depends on what 
If you are in a hurry , you should take a taxi 
Is that expensive 
Yes , very . Believe it or not , it will cost you more than one hundred dollars 
I am in no particular hurry 
Take a bus then . It will only cost you 5 dollars 
That's not so bad 
What's the matter with my wife 
She had a sudden heart attack 
I guess so . It was very terrible when she was at the onset of the illness . I am worried that I would lose her 
Don ’ t worry . She is much better now . But you are not permitted to disturb her at the moment 
I know . But is she out of danger now 
Yes , I think so 
Thank you very much , Doctor 
My pleasure 
Marry Lin's Office , this is Linda 
Linda , this is David Wang 
Hi , Mr . Wang , what can I help you with 
I need to talk with Marry 
Certainly , hold on 
Thanks 
I really need to find a bus that goes by PCC 
Where do you need to catch this bus at 
All the way up on Las Flores Drive and Fair Oaks 
I can tell you what bus to catch , but you have to walk a little bit 
Walking isn't a problem for me 
The 267 stops at Altadena Drive and Fair Oaks 
Which direction do I want 
Get on the bus heading west 
Do you know where I get off at 
Del Mar and Hill 
Thanks for letting me know , home-girl 
No problem 
What are your plans for today 
Nothing special 
Would you like to have dinner with me at King Hotel at 7pm 
I'd like to . See you then 
Come back . You haven't paid yet 
May , just let him go 
But he took some newspaper away without paying 
I know 
Why ? You make me confused 
He lives nearby and he would just glance at the newspaper headlines , read the political sections and return them later 
Why does he have such a privilege 
He used to be a hero during the war time and everyone respect him 
I see . Does he live by himself 
Yes , he has no children and his wife passed away when he was in the battle 
He must be lonely 
I bet . But he is always busy telling the children stories 
How respectable 
Room service.What can I do for you 
I find the sheet in my room is so stained.Would you please help us change it for a clean one 
I am sorry.sir . Someone will there in a moment 
All right . Please be quick about it 
Yes , sir . I assure you it would never happen again 
Where do you want to go 
I want to go to Lid Hotel 
I'm sorry , but you got on the wrong bus 
Which bus should I take then 
You should change to the No . 701 bus at the next stop 
Thank you so much 
Not at all 
Excuse me . Can I get a ticket on the next flight to Frankfurt 
Sure.It will depart 2 hours later 
What's the fare for a single ticket 
That's $ 150 
Can you give me a special offer 
Of course.Right now it is the slack season , we will give you ten percent off 
How about a round trip ? Could you offer us something more 
I am sorry , there is no difference 
Your family must be busy shopping for Christmas , now 
Oh yeah and decorating the house too was colored paper and pictures . they will put a Christmas tree just inside the front door , pained toys and colored electric lights along the branches and plays all the gift packages under it 
Woo , your home will beautiful on Christmas 
Sure our thing 
I do wish your christmas and happy new year 
Thanks 
Excuse me , what material is it 
Rhaki.Do you want some 
No , where are the cotton cloths 
I will show you 
What is the shrink rate after washing 
Less than 5 % . It's quite durable 
Hi I came in on flight 513 . Everyone else took their luggage off the conveyor belt , but mine didn ’ t seem to be there 
Let me check the computer . Uh-oh , Looks like your luggage is on its way to Paris 
You ’ re kidding . What am I going to do 
Well , we can give you this lovely shaving kit and call you the minute your luggage arrives here . Just leave us a contact number 
You can reach me at 13661306917 
Thank you . I am terribly sorry about this . It very rarely happens . We do have a sophisticated tracking system , so I know we will find it soon . But we apologize for the inconvenience 
That ’ s ok . There wasn ’ t anything important in there anyway . The shaving kit more than makes up for my lost luggage 
Wow ! I have been working here for 15 years and you ’ re the first person to accept a lost luggage situation cheerfully 
I ’ Ve had a lot worse problems than this traveling so it ’ s really no big deal 
How is night life in Beijing 
Very interesting 
What do you suggest then 
How about going to dance ? There is a very good nightclub nearby 
That's a great idea . Let's go ... Oh , the dance hall looks very nice and the music is wonderful 
I'm glad you like it.The band is called " Four and One " . They are especially good at playing rock and roll 
That's great ! I love to dance to fast music 
Then you must be interested in disco dancing , aren't you 
Yes , disco dancing is my favorite.It ' s great fun and good exercise as well 
OK . Let's disco 
Now the band is playing a slow dance 
That's a waltz . Would you like to try it 
Sorry , I think I'Il sit out the next dance 
All right . Let me get you something to drink 
Where ’ s Sally , Jack 
She ’ s in the garden , Jane 
What ’ s she doing 
She ’ s sitting under the tree 
Is Tim in the garden , too 
Yes , he is . He ’ s climbing the tree 
I beg your pardon ? Who ’ s climbing the tree 
Tim is 
What about the dog 
The dog ’ s in the garden , too . It ’ s running across the grass . It ’ s running after a cat 
Union Bank . How can I be of service 
I need to know how much money is in my account 
I'll need your name and account number 
Certainly 
Jeff , I'm going to the supermarket . Do you want to come with me 
I think the supermarket is closed now 
Oh , When does it close 
It closes at 7:00 on Sundays 
That's too bad 
Don't worry , we can go tomorrow morning . It opens at 8: 00 
Alright . What do you want to do now 
Let's take a walk for a half an hour . My sister will get here at about 8: 30PM and then we can all go out to dinner 
Where does she live 
She lives in San Francisco 
How long has she lived there 
I think she's lived there for about 10 years 
That's a long time . Where did she live before that 
San Diego 
What are you going to do after you return from Washington 
I'm going to stay in the city 
What will you do all day 
I'm going to work with my father at the store . In the evening , I'll read books.On weekends , I'll go to the beach with my family 
Have you ever worked 
No , but I can learn . What are you going to do this summer 
I'm going to camp . I've gone to camp for four summers 
I've never gone to camp . What do you do there 
We do many things . In the morning , we go swimming and boating . In the afternoon , we play basketball or tennis . We sit around a camp fire at night.We sing or tell stories 
That sounds wonderful 
It is wonderful . What's John going to do this summer 
I think he's going to the mountains with his parents 
Well , so long , Mary . Have fun 
You too , Peter . Give my regards to John . I'll see you in September 
Can I apply for a permit today 
I need to see your ID 
I think I forgot it in the car 
You need to give me your ID and $ 27 
I'm going to go and get my ID from the car right now 
Go get it 
Here you go 
All right , I'm going to need you to fill this out 
May I borrow your pen 
Here's a pen for you 
Thanks for your help 
You need to turn that in at Window B 
Hi , sir . Come and have a look here . We have all kinds of sweaters 
I ’ m looking for a sweater for my wife . Tomorrow is her birthday . And I know she needs a woolen sweater 
How do you like this grey one ? It ’ s pure wool , one hundred percent of Xinjiang wool 
It feels good . Are there cowl-neck pullovers with the same color ? My wife prefers a turtleneck to a V-shaped collar 
Yes , we do . What size do you want 
Size one . By the way , what if I bring home this sweater and my wife doesn ’ t like it 
Well , you can always bring it back to us for a full refund 
All right . Could I have it gift-wrapped , please 
Yes , just a moment , please 
What's your ideal boss 
I have had an incredible boss , who was my direct supervisor during the last year of my coop work experience . A-bout two months after I began working for her , she really let me spread my wings . She encouraged me to work independently , because she said she had come to trust my judgment and commitment . So I was able to move forward on projects without having to check in with her every day . Of course , I made certain that she knew what I had accomplished on a daily and weekly basis because I gave her summary reports , although she didn't specifically ask me to . Without her support and encouragement , I don't think I would have felt confident enough to have written up a proposal suggesting that the department change a process that had been in place for a long time . But she was open to suggestions , so long as employees could back them up with research and facts . When I submitted my suggestion , she reviewed it and told me where she thought it needed more work . She then took my revised proposal to her boss . He was a more conservative type , but she lobbied him to try It for several weeks . He did , and it was so successful that it was instituted as a permanent change . I've also worked for some very difficult bosses in summer and part-time jobs . And while I'd certainly prefer to work for one like I've just described , I'm the kind of person who can get along with just about anyone 
Is there any way of ensuring we'll have enough time for our talks 
I am sure we do have 
So our evenings will be quite full then 
If you want some changes , just tell me 
Dad , you keep talking about family in New Zealand . Who are they 
Well , that's your uncle Bill , his wife and two of their daughters 
Is uncle Bill your brother 
No , your uncle Jack is my brother , Bill is my brother-in-law , your mom's brother 
So his two daughters are my cousins 
That's right , Sarah and Jane are both your cousins although they are step-sisters 
What are step-sisters 
Sarah is your uncle Bill's older daughter . When she was young , Bill's first wife , Sarah's mom died . Three years later Bill married again 
So uncle Bill's wife is Jane's mother but not Sarah's mother . Right 
Yes . She is Sarah's step-mother 
And when are they coming to visit us 
They want to travel to Europe next year , and will visit us at the same Ae 
Hello , I want to apply for the position of an usher in your restaurant 
Welcome . One of your duties is to know the number of the customer and accept reservation 
What else do I need to do 
You inform the people in charge and let them reserve dinning tables for guests 
Excuse me , sir . But please call an ambulance . My friend suddenly got a sharp pain in the stomach 
Is he all right ? There's a big hospital just around the corner 
Oh , is there ? Will you find someone to take us to the hospital then 
All right , sir . I'll have someone to take you there . By the way , is he insured 
Yes , he is 
I'm glad to hear that . In case he's not insured , the hospital will never accepts any patient 
What did the doctor say 
He said that I have been eating too much 
Did he give you any advice 
Yes , he asked me to clean up my diet by cutting red meat 
Yes , you must put yourself on a diet 
Isn't this lovely weather ? Will you help me water the flowers , Jack 
Well , do you think I have to 
I do.We haven't watered them for quite a few days 
Please look at the sky.Don ' t you see the dark clouds ? It's going to rain soon 
Good.So we don't have to work.How nice 
But I don't think it's so nice 
Why 
The weather report says it's going to rain for a whole week 
Oh , I'm afraid all the flowers will die in the rain 
What do you do when you are angry 
I usually calm down first and think about the reason that caused my anger 
That ’ s smart . What do you usually do to relieve your anger 
Something like listening to music is a good idea 
Oh , what kind of music do you listen to 
Classic . Something that could calm your mind 
I think that might work for me as well 
Working out is another good way to relieve anger 
Like what 
Jogging , yoga , or even just taking a walk 
I feel chilly and I've got a pain in my abdomen 
How long have you had it 
Almost a week 
I think you've got a cold 
What should I do 
I'll give you some medicine , and you will be better in a couple of days 
Thank you 
What's up , officer 
Are you aware that you ran through that stop sign 
There was a stop sign 
How could you not notice it 
If there really was a stop sign , I couldn't see it because of the overgrown bushes 
You know.You ' re right . The bushes are covering the sign 
If I saw the stop sign , I would've stopped for it 
Now that I think about it , I can see how you missed it 
Am I getting a ticket for this 
I'll let you off with a warning 
Thank you , I really do appreciate that 
Don't worry about it . I need to have something done about those bushes 
Have you finished 
Yes , but dinner was excellent
Would you like some of coffee 
No , thank you . Check please 
Yes sir , one moment please . here is the check 
Here is the two dollars , will you bring me the receipt 
Here is the change 
Please keep the change 
Thank you very much sir 
I was just about to go to bed when the telephone rang last night 
Who was it 
Kate . She said she was too excited to go to sleep 
She never cares about others 
It ’ s true . Guess what we were talking about last night 
Her new boyfriend , right 
Yeah , how do you know about that 
I was also interrupted by her last week because of such a thing 
Mr . Charles , I feel that we have had a very pleasant talk 
I think so too , and you have a general understanding of the company now 
Yes , your company is a big one in the field and has great potential 
What else do you want to know 
I want to know about the salary information in your company 
Then , how much do you wish to be paid each month 
I hope my starting salary will be 3,000 yuan a month if I become a formal worker 
We will give you more than what you hope 
Really ? That's good news for me 
You will have a six-month internship after you enter our company . During this period you can get 2,500 yuan a month , and after that you can get 3,500 yuan per month 
It sounds great 
You can also get a bonus at the end of the year , and if you can keep working in the company , your salary will get a raise every year 
By the way , how many days do we work every week 
Five days every week , but if it is necessary , you need to work overtime once in a while
OK , I see
Well , I can ’ t believe your uncle and aunt came to stay with us for a week , and they did not even call us in advance 
John , they are old-fashioned people from the Chinese countryside . That ’ s their custom 
I know , but it is hard for me to get used to your relatives coming to visit us , and without warning 
Don ’ t your relatives visit other relatives 
Yes , but Americans never visit without calling in advance , and they almost never stay overnight 
I think that maybe Chinese families are closer than your families 
I think you ’ re right 
Who got ripped off 
Big time ! A hacker broke into the company's files and got all her personal information . You really think it's completely safe 
Well , maybe not 100 percent . I did hear about some tricks people use 
Now we're getting to the truth 
There are shills . A shill is someone who bids up the price of their own sale 
See ? And I bet that's easy to do online . Everybody's anonymous 
Where can I park my car 
You need to get a car tag first . There's a one hundred Yuan deposit for the car tag 
Okay . Here you are 
Thank you . We'll bring the receipt up to your room when we get it 
Peter , how often do you exercise 
Well , I swim and run every day 
Now , tell me , what do you eat 
Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs 
Do you eat a lot of vegetables 
Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit 
What do you drink 
Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . They are very bad for you 
What do you drink 
I feel terribly bored . I'm going to take a job 
Good 
Then I can buy my own car 
Splendid 
And pay for my own clothes 
That's an excellent idea 
Good evening , ma'am . May I help you 
Yes . I'd like to use a safety deposit box 
Will the object fit into this size of box 
Let me see . I think it's OK 
Could you fill out this form , please , ma'am 
Here you are 
Thank you , ma'am . Would you like to use it until May 20th 
Yes 
This way , please . Your box number is 522 
Thank you 
If you would like to use the contents during the period of use , please come here in person . After confirming your signature , we will open the box 
I see . Thank you 
May I ask you how much this position pays per year 
This job pays sixty-five thousand dollars per year 
What kind of benefits does this job have 
This job provides full medical , dental , and disability 
What type of vacation time do we get 
You get 3 weeks paid vacation that you may use as you wish 
Do we have a 401K 
We offer a 401K with some matching funds available depending on length of service 
What type of professional development do you offer 
We provide up-to-date training on state of the art equipment 
Where do I sign up for my benefits package 
Down the hall . I'll show you when the interview is over 
I stayed online chatting with friends all night . It was great fun 
I don't understand . You don't even know the ' friends ' you are ' talking ' to 
It is better I don't know them . So I can say anything I want 
Do you believe what they say 
Who cares ? It's just online . It's not real . Do you want to join me tonight 
Thanks , but I'm a lousy typist 
Have you any idea of the prices of ruby and diamond 
I'm not very sure.but I know ruby is less valuable than diamond 
How do you know that 
I got it from an encyclopedia 
This is your schedule 
You're going out of your way for us , I believe 
You are our honored guests 
Mark ? I need that file you took yesterday 
I ’ m sorry , Janet . I left it at home . I ’ ll bring it back in the morning 
Mark , I told you yesterday afternoon that I would be using that file today 
I know , Janet . I just walked out and forgot it completely . I ’ ll go home and get it at noon , all right 
How do you spend your free time 
I read or go swimming , go shopping , usually . I run or play tennis or do something else like those to get some exercises to keep fit 
Are you introverted or extroverted 
I wouldn't call myself extroverted . Sometimes , I enjoy being by myself very much . But other times , I like sharing activities with others too , especially during these last few years 
What kinds of sports do you like 
I like almost all sports , and I enjoy both playing and watching . I especially like tennis and mountain climbing 
What kind of personality do you think you have 
Well , I approach things very enthusiastically , I think , and I don't like to leave something half-done . It makes me nervous-I can't concentrate on something else until the first thing is finished 
Here's the picture of my family 
Can you point out your mother for me 
OK.She ' s near-sighted , with a pair of glasses on her nose.She is the only one wearing glasses in my family 
Are you free this weekend , Miss Rose 
Yes , I am . What's up 
Then would you please go to a dance party with me 
With pleasure . I suppose you dance often 
Oh , no . As a matter of fact , I haven't danced for a long time 
But I am told that you dance wonderfully well 
Thanks for flattering me . I think you dance a lot , right 
No . Just occasionally 
What's your favorite dance 
It's hard to say , but I do love the foxtrot and waltz 
How about rock'n'roll 
To tell you the truth , I don't like it . It's too noisy 
And the tango 
Oh , it's really beautiful , but I just can't do it well 
Don't be so modest . I'm sure you can do it very well . Then I'll meet you at six . Is that at all right 
OK 
Great ! I'm your lucky fellow then 
Tom , I married Julia last month . Have you already known it 
No , I haven't . I'm so surprised at the news 
Indeed , we got married too soon 
Congratulations . But have you heard the proverb that if one gets married too hurriedly one may regret it for a long time 
Yes . However , I believe that marriage comes by destiny . I knew I would marry Julia when I met her at the first time 
How's your married life 
We're happy together now 
I have to say you're a well-matched couple 
Thank you 
Excuse me . I seem to have lost my son 
Take it easy , madam . And speak slowly . May I have your name first 
Shirley 
What's your son's name 
Daniel 
Can you describe his appearance to me 
He is in a blue sportswear and a white sportsshoes . About 1.4 meters 
OK , I see . Dear Daniel , please come to the broadcasting station when you've heard this , your mother is waiting for you . If other tourists see a boy in a blue sportswear and a pair of white sportsshoes , 1.4 meters , please ask him to go to the broadcasting station . Thank you 
I've brought this dress back to exchange it 
That's not a problem . Leave it with me , and find something that you like 
I was hoping you'd have something on sale today 
We have nothing on sale today . But we're having a big sale next weekend 
Is the sale going to include dresses 
Everything you can see will be on sale 
I like the sound of that . I'll just come back next weekend 
The savings will be worth the short wait . See you next weekend 
Can I help you 
Yes , I'm in a bit of a rush . Could I have a piece of apple pie please 
Certainly . Would you like it with ice cream 
No , thanks 
Hi , boss . You wanted to see me 
Zina . Look , I know when I hired you , I told you I'd pay you a salary . But I just can't 
Excuse me ? I hope I didn't just hear what I think I just heard 
I know it's awkward , but you're going to be thanking me later . I'm going to make you rich 
You're going to make me rich by not paying me 
What do you think of this dress ? Do you think it suits me 
Sure . Why don ’ t you try it on ? The fitting room is over there 
It ’ s just the right size-a perfect fit ! Have you seen anything you like 
I ’ m thinking about buying this sweater . I know it ’ s June now , but it will be perfect for autumn and winter 
It looks too big for you , but I like the color and the material is good quality . Is it on sale 
Yes , it ’ s half price . It ’ s supposed to be too large--that ’ s the fashion 
I might get one too , but in a different color . I prefer light blue to white 
There.It looks great , don ’ t you think ? I ’ m going to get these jeans as well . I need a new pair . I ‘ m also going to buy this scarf ready for winter 
I ’ m getting this beret ? Doesn ’ t it look cool ? I ’ d like to get some jeans too , but I don ’ t have enough cash on me 
Don ’ t worry . I ’ Ve got my credit card . You can pay me back later 
Thanks ! Now I don ’ t need to come back to the shop a second time 
911 . How may I help you 
I need to report a break-in 
When did this break-in occur 
Last night 
Where did the break-in happen 
It happened at my house 
Was anything taken 
I'm not sure yet 
What makes you think there was a break-in 
My front window was busted 
I'll send a squad car 
Please hurry 
Richard ! I need those tax forms from you before five 
Oh , I ’ m sorry . I forgot about those completely . I ’ ll bring them by your office 
Okay . The sooner the better 
You bet . I ’ ll swing by after lunch , okay 
How are you making out 
I'm doing fine.Don ' t mind me.It ' s a wonderful birthday party.Everyone is enjoying himself 
I hope so . Thank you again for your delightful gift 
Don't mention it 
Where are you going for lunch 
I have no idea . I have no appetite 
I know of a restaurant . I'm sure you'll like it 
Let's go there then . Is it a Chinese restaurant 
Yes.it serves excellent Sichuan food . Spicy food may improve your appetite 
I hope so 
Do you like the apartment 
I absolutely love the apartment 
Everything is okay 
I do have one problem with the apartment 
What ’ s the problem 
I don ’ t like all those stains in the carpet 
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move into the apartment 
I did not know that 
I assure you that we will , and if there are any more problems , feel free to tell me 
That was the only thing that I saw wrong with the apartment 
I ’ m glad to know that you think the apartment is so nice 
It ’ s absolutely incredible . I ’ ll take it 
May I see that ivory horse 
Of course 
It's genuine , I bet 
It's made of genuine ivory , besides , it's of exquisite workmanship . The price is marked 200 yuan 
I'll take it 
what do you do when you see a homeless person on the streets begging for money 
I never really give them money because I don't want to contribute to their addictions 
homeless youth can easily become involved with drugs and prostitution . Do you do anything to help them 
I usually ask them if they want some food and then give them something to eat . I figure that if they're homeless , they're probably hungry 
that's a good idea . Do they usually accept the food 
almost always . However , sometimes they get mad at me for not giving them any cash 
it's sad how more and more young people are sleeping on the streets in London now 
the cost of living in London is just too high for most people 
it's true . The economy is in a bit of mess at the moment 
did you know that few people can pay the rent on minimum wage , let alone pay for food and other living costs 
there just isn't enough affordable housing to go around . If only the housing cost would drop , fewer people would be in financial trouble 
added to that is the high unemployment rate right now 
something's got to change---and it's got to happen soon 
politicians like to ignore the problems of the working class . They like to focus on making life easier for the upper class 
I can only hope that one day they will change 
that was a really good meal , Gordon 
It sure was . I couldn't eat another bite 
well , it is getting pretty late . I think we should go home 
you're right . I have to get up early to go to work tomorrow 
let's see how much the bill is 
don't worry about it . Tonight is my treat 
what are you talking about ? We'll split the bill 
no , I insist . I kept telling you that I would treat you to dinner but I still haven't 
no way , Gordon . I know that you are a little short on cash at the moment . There's no need for you to pay for the whole bill 
alright , if that's the way you are going to be , we'll split the bill 
that's better . This way we will both have money to take a cab home , otherwise , you would probably have to walk 
just promise you will let me treat you to dinner next week , ok 
you've got a deal 
great . Bye 
bye 
What kind of promotional events are scheduled for the new product line 
Marketing has us set up with product launches in five major cities , as well as some sponsoring events throughout the year . All together , there will be 15 events 
What kind of sponsoring are we talking about ? I don't know how effective sponsorship really is ..
It's not what you're thinking . These events will give us a wider exposure than most . Take the tri-city marathon for starters . This is a highly publicized event . The television exposure alone will nearly double our customer awareness 
Other than the marathon , what else is on the list 
We've got a spot in Olympic Stadium sponsoring one of a team's equipment , then a rally for cancer research , and a connection to the inner-city education program 
Sports , medicine , education ... seems kind of random , don't you think 
It might seem that way , but this events were all carefully chosen based on marketing research . These are the events that our customers and potential customers care about 
Could you help me with these books 
My hands are full . Can ’ t you see that 
Please , George 
All right . Just wait a minute , OK 
May I help you 
Yes . I would like a ticket to Pakistan on CA 
Is that a one-way or round trip 
Round trip , please 
When would you want to leave 
I'd like to leave on Nov . 2nd and return on Nov . 21st 
I am sorry . The flight on Nov . 21st is full.Do you mind if I put your name on the waiting list 
Yes , please . Thank you 
Would you mind giving me a hand 
Okay , Bob , What is it 
Help me hang up this picture , please . Would you hold it straight while I put in the nail 
All right 
Now , hand me the hammer and those nails , please 
Yes , here you are 
There ! How does it look ? Tell me if I've got it straight 
Well , it's straight , but it's upside down I'm afraid 
How do you feel about the TV series 
Oh , to be frank , I think it's sheer waste of time to watch it 
Yes , I agree , but still a lot of people watch it 
But I don't think much of it 
Taylor , can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet 
Just fill out an application 
Do I have to send an E-mail 
You are expected to know the E-mail address of the unit 
But I still don't know which unit is in need of staff 
Send out an application through Job-wanted on the website 
Can any unit see my information 
It's a two-way choice . And your application will be read 
Which websites offer this service 
Sina , 21st Century Talent Net , and a few others 
Thank you 
Hello , sir . What can we do for you today 
I'd like a trim 
Would you like your hair washed as well 
No , thanks 
Okay , have a seat over here . How do you want it cut 
Cut it short in the front , but leave it long in the back . Leave just a little over the ears 
All right 
How silly of you to jump out of the window 
But that was the first thing that came into my mind when I heard the shout earthquake 
Why not use staircases ? The terror was not so violent at that time 
That would be too late 
Maybe the situation is too urgent 
Yes , I think I should have jumped in any case 
How many do you intend to order for our shirts 
What's the minimum quantity of an order for your goods 
We are not interested in small orders . I suggest you order at least 2 000 dozen 
No problem . We want a minimum of 1,000 dozen of men's shirts and a minimum of 3,000 dozen of embroidered shirts . Can you guarantee continuous production and adequate supply 
Yes , of course . We have enough productivity . You can rest assured 
And for such a big quantity , you should give us a discount 
Sure , we can reduce our price by ten percent 
That's great 
At their last meeting , the stockholders voted unanimously to block the merger of our company with Blycore . All the executive committee was in favor of the merger ... I don't understand how the stockholders could have so much power to throw a wrench in the plans ..
If they all unite on a certain issue , it's the stockholders who have the final say . You'd think it might be our CEO or the workers , but in fact , the stockholders control the money so they have the most power 
Is it really that simple ? It doesn't seem very efficient to run things that way ..
It might not be the most efficient , but if you think about it , it makes pretty good sense . The stockholders are our investors . They own the capital in our company , so they should have say about what is done with the company 
I guess I'd buy that ..
Hello , I'd like to see Mr . Charles , the manager , please 
You don't make any prior appointment , do you 
No . I haven't , but I'll take only a few minutes of his time 
Please tell your name , company and the nature of your business 
Yes . My name is Lin Tao , the director of Guangzhou Computer Corporation 
I see . Wait a minute , please 
( 2 minutes later ) Mr . Lin , Mr . Charles can see you now . This way , please 
Would you like to go to work or continue your studies after graduation 
I think I will continue my studies . Now it's not easy for a graduate with bachelor's degree to get a job since there are so many graduates with master's or doctor's degree . We are likely to lose in competing with them in the job market 
So you will continue to study for a master's degree 
Well , I think so . But I am thinking of going aboard to get a master's and doctor's degree . If can get a Ph . D . abroad , it will be much easy for me to get a job at home 
How can you finance your education abroad ? It is very expensive to study abroad 
I think I will try to get the scholarship since I really don't have so much money to study abroad . Actually now I am preparing for the TEFL and GRE exams . If I can get high marks in the two exams and if I am lucky enough , I may get a scholarship 
It could be pretty tough studying abroad . Being so far away from home ..
Jane , I was wondering if you you had any plans for saturday afternoon 
A friend and I are planing to go out , why ? what's up 
There is a special exhibition of french sculptures at the museum , I was hoping you ' d like to come with me 
I am afraid I can't I am going to be out all day 
What about sunday 
I wish I could , but it's my mums birthday 
Maybe next week 
Much as I ' d like to , I am afraid i wont be free next week , I have a lot of work 
Sorry to hear that , I was really looking forward to spending some more time with you , I really enjoyed our last chat 
I am really sorry too , maybe I can give you a call sometime 
Can you give me a ride back home 
Sure
Yes , madam ? Can I help you 
Oh , yes , please . But you are just closing , aren't you 
Well , yes , we are , madam . The shop shuts down in five minutes 
I shall not keep you long then . It was about some saucepans you had in your window last week 
Last week , madam ? I really can't remember which ones you mean . What were they like 
Oh , they were lovely . Sort of imitation wood , dark brown color , country-style you know , and the lids , if I remember rightly , they had a sort of leaf pattern , or was it flowers 
That's strange . I don't recognize any of the ones we had from that description . Are you sure they were in this shop 
Oh , you must know the ones I mean . They were on sale , a real bargain . Reduced to a quarter of the original price . I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw them 
I am afraid the sales are over now , madam . And you know we all sold out of the saucepans 
I don't think you did , you know . My neighbor told me she saw some here only yesterday 
Well , it's all new stock in the window now 
May I just have a look , to see if there is anything else 
Eh , well , madam , as you know we are closing 
Yes , yes , I am sorry I won't keep you . It must get on your nerves when customers come in right at closing time . But they were such beautiful saucepans . I ’ d have bought them if I had made up my mind on the spot 
Perhaps madam , if you come back tomorrow , I could show you the whole range of kitchen ware . And there are still one or two things at the sale price 
Oh , look ! That was the one there . That is the sort of thing I was looking for . But it's not quite the color 
That might be the artificial lighting , madam . Of course , if you could come back in daylight , you might find it ’ s exactly what you are looking for 
There it is . That is the pattern ! The set behind you . Thank goodness , they haven't been sold . And thank you so much for being so patient with me . Yes , those are the ones 
I'd like to pick up my package 
Here is the notice 
Could you show me your ID , Please 
Sure , here you are 
A moment , please 
this party rocks 
you said it . Good beer , good music , and on top of that , there are so many hot girls here 
I'm with you on that . Check out that one over there . I think I'm in love 
well , she's alright , but not really my cup of tea . What about the blond with the red dress 
oh , that's Janice . She's just new in town . You have a thing for blonds , eh 
yeah ! She could do anything she wants to me 
I bet . Why not go over and talk to her ? She's really nice 
I don't think so . I get so nervous talking to girls . I always put my foot in my mouth , scare her off , and end up looking like a real fool . Besides , she is way out of my league 
come on ! Man up ! You'll never know until you try 
okay okay , just let me have another cup of beers to get my head in the game 
all right . But I think you ought to move soon 
why 
I can see five other guys eying her up 
okay , here I go 
good luck 
I opened my mail , found this eviction notice , and don ’ t know what to do with it 
Actually , it is a 30 - day notice to vacate the premises 
Just for being a few days late 
This isn ’ t the first time you have been considerably late with the rent . I need to start the procedure to evict you 
Are you taking my apartment away 
This is a notice to inform you that the sheriff will evict you in 30 days if you do not pay up on your rent 
Can I keep the apartment if I pay my rent in full 
You can keep the apartment if you stay caught up on your rent . Otherwise , I need to find someone who can make the payments 
I will go write a check right now 
Thank you . I will need a cashier ’ s check or cash , please 
Tom , I won first prize in the poetry contest 
Come on ! You're pulling my leg 
Really ! Here's my trophy 
Wow ! Congratulations 
Is the environment a big issues in your country ? It is in mine 
It is in mine too.The biggest issue is water . The climate is dry and so water conservation is very important 
What methods do you use to conserve water 
Water is rationed . We can only use a certain amount each month . It means that we cannot use some modern household items , like washing machines . They use too much water 
I see . I think the biggest environment problem in my country is air pollution 
Yes , I agree . The air here is much more polluted than in my country . Of course , my country is more agricultural and has much less industry 
We have reduced emission of air pollutants in recent years , but cars are still a major source of them . Factories have become cleaner as stricter environment pollution law have been introduced 
The problem is now on a truly global scale . I don ’ t believe that any single country can do anything about it 
I think you ’ re right . There needs to be an international response to this problem 
My German teacher thought it would be a good idea to have German pen friends to write to in German 
What a great idea ! Now you have a friendly audience to practice with 
The only thing is that my pen friend will be writing in English 
Oh , he wants to practice his language skills , too 
That's right . And it's a B that I'll be writing too . Her name is Olga 
Maybe Olga can introduce you to some of her friends who can write to you in German and you can do the same for her with your friends to write her in English 
That's a great idea ! Why didn't I think of that 
I don't know , but you know how to surround yourself with great friends 
Hi Sarah , how are you 
Fine , how are you doing 
OK 
What do you want to do 
I'm hungry . I'd like to eat something 
Where do you want to go 
I'd like to go to an Italian restaurant 
What kind of Italian food do you like 
I like spaghetti . Do you like spaghetti 
No , I don't , but I like pizza 
On Saturday night I ’ m going to have a small get-together 
Good 
Would you like to come 
Do you mean this Saturday 
Yes , this coming Saturday 
Thanks for inviting me , Jack , but I ’ Ve already made plans for this weekend . I won ’ t be able to come , I ’ m afraid 
I ’ m sorry to hear that 
Yeah , that ’ s too bad 
Well , perhaps , another time 
Morning , Tom ! What are you doing over there ? Learning to dance 
Can't you see ? I'm practicing tai chi 
Oh , my goodness . I'm sorry . But I don't think tai chi is to be practiced like that 
I'm just a beginner . Did my poses make me the butt of jokes 
Well , they just look a bit funny . but far from making a laughing stock out of you 
So , is there anything wrong with my strokes 
To begin with , you should keep your neck erect upward at any time 
Like this 
Good ! And then , the entire body . Never incline your body forward or backward . Take care to regulate the point of balance . Place it at your waist 
Did I do it right 
No ! You should avoid sticking out your belly . Keep your hip steady . Don't swing 
What should I do with my legs then 
Oh , yes , things are quite different with the limbs . Keep your knees bent a little . Right , they should be rich in elasticity . Move slowly when you shift your centre of gravity from one leg to another 
Fantastic ! I guess the same is true with the arms , right 
Exactly ! Move your arms in a relaxed manner . Well . don't stretch yourfingers stiffly . Just keep them in a natural shape 
Hello , Daisy , how are you doing 
Fine , thank you . I haven ’ t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently 
I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films 
Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary 
Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them 
It's amazing . But if I were you , I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one 
But it's really exciting 
Maybe , but I would rather watch romance , science fiction , crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . I wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one 
Basically . you'll watch any type of movie except horror 
Yep 
I think you should have a try someday . Maybe you'll change your mind 
Maybe . After all , I am grown up now 
I'd like to rent a car 
May I see your driver's license , please 
Here is my international driver's license . What kinds of cars do you have 
We have Honda , Citroen and Toyota . Which make and model do you prefer 
I'll take the Citroen C2 . What is the rate for the car per day 
The price is 60 euro per day . Do you want insurance 
Full coverage , please 
That's an extra 10 euro a day 
Do I have to fill up when I check in 
Yes 
He was hauled up last week for the second time 
You mean he had been put in prison before 
Of course , he is a man with a history 
Oh , he had fooled me 
Could I get some beef 
What kind of beef would you like to get 
Ground beef would be fine 
How many pounds would you like 
Four pounds is enough 
What kind of ground beef do you want 
I'm going to need extra lean ground beef 
I can get that for you 
Thanks so much 
You're welcome , Let me go wrap the ground beef up for you 
Thanks for everything 
Ben , what are you doing 
Well , I would say that I ’ m just drifting - - here , in the pool 
Why 
Well , it ’ s very comfortable just to drift here 
Have you thought about graduate school 
No 
Would you mind telling me then — what were those four years of college for ? What was the point of all that hard work 
You got me 
Now listen , Ben . Look , I think it ’ s a very good thing that a young man — after he ’ s done some very good work — should have a chance to relax and enjoy himself , and lie around , and drink beer and so on . But after a few weeks I believe that person should want to take some stock in himself and his situation and start to think about getting off his ass 
Would you like to travel 
Oh , yes . I often went on business trips in the past six years 
How many languages can you speak in addition to your mother tongue 
I speak English and French in addition to my mother tongue , Chinese 
That's fine . What salary do you get at your present position 
My present monthly salary is $ 1,500 
We'll start you off with a base salary of $ 20,000 a year , with bonuses that can add up to $ 40,000 . A company car , and a company pension scheme . Is that acceptable to you 
I think so 
Excellent . Well , thank you very much , Mr . B , and you'll be hearing from us in the next few days , either way 
Thank you . Mr . A , and I certainly hope the answer will be favorable . Goodbye 
Have you bought another handset
No , it is the original one 
This is silver gray , while I remember your handset was black 
I have changed a case for it 
Can a handset case be changed 
Of course . That's why I bought this type . I can change its case frequently , so it is novel to use it 
How many cases are accessible 
There are two more , one is orange and the other is pink . I have bought them all 
It's really going to be fresh all the time 
I need to copy a document immediately 
We have a copy machine in our computer lab , located on the first floor 
Great ! How much is it for a copy 
The price per copy is ten cents 
That sounds reasonable . I'll be down there immediately 
There shouldn't be any long lines , sir 
It's very nice of you to invite me 
I'm very glad you could come , Mr . Liu . Will you take a seat at the head of the table ? It's an informal dinner , please don't stand on ceremony ... Mr . Liu , would you like to have some chicken 
Thank you . This is my first time to come to a Chinese restaurant . Could you tell me the different features of Chinese food 
Generally speaking , Cantonese food is a bit light ; Shanghai food is rather oily ; and Hunan dishes are very spicy , having a strong and hot taste 
Chinese dishes are exquisitely prepared , delicious , and very palatable . They are very good in colour , flavour , and taste 
Mr . Liu , would you care for another helping 
No more , thank you . I'm quite full 
Did you enjoy the meal 
It's the most delicious dinner I've had for a long time . It's such a rich dinner 
I'm so glad you like it 
Thank you very much for your hospitality 
What ? Your diamond ring is lost 
Yeah , I just cannot find it anywhere 
It must have been stolen by the few thieves . I ’ ll get it back for you 
You are risking your neck . Don ’ t you know they have guns 
How may I help you 
I ’ m making a deposit today 
Cash or check 
I would like to deposit a check 
You need to sign the back 
Okay . Here you go 
Would you like cash back 
Yes , I would 
How much 
Let me get $ 150 back 
Here you go 
Thank you . Have a good one 
Good evening . Room Service . May I help you 
Yes . Please send one " Fried Rice , Hangzhou Style " and one " Fruit Salad " to my room 
Anything to drink , sir 
Yes , two bottles of beer 
Is there any particular brand you like , sir 
Carlsborg 
Yes , sir.Is there anything else you want , sir 
No , thanks 
May I know how many of you so that I could prepare the right set of tableware 
Yes , two of us 
Excuse me . May I know your name and room number 
Yes , Bill Smith in Room 713 
So , that's one " Fried Rice , Hangzhou Style " , one " Fruit Salad " and two bottles of Carlsborg beer . We'll send them to your room in 20 minutes 
Hi , Craig ! How are you 
Not so good . I have a terrible cold 
Really ? That's too bad ! You should be at home in bed . It's really important to get a lot of rest 
Yeah , you're right 
And have you taken anything for it 
No , I haven't 
Well , it's helpful to chop up some garlic and cook it in chicken stock . Then drink a cup every half hour . It really works 
Ugh 
Hit ' em high , hit ' em low . Class of ' 93 — let's go 
Hi there , everyone . We hope you're having a good night 
Wasn't that football game great ! I just knew we'd win 
The night is young , folks . Get some food and mingle with those faces from yesterday 
Later we'll let you know who the King and Queen of the Reunion will be 
But for now , the band is playing the songs from our senior year . Get out on that dance floor 
Hi , Deny . Are still working 
Hi , Navy . Come in please . I'm just putting away on my books 
So , you are leaving , aren't you 
yes , I'm going to take a holiday tomorrow 
How nice ! I can see you are busying packing . I'm sorry to interrupt you 
That's all right . I'm almost finished . Do you need my help 
Yes , could you please go over this for me ? and see if there is any mistake in it 
All right I'll read it soon 
Excuse me for taking your time 
Oh . It's nothing Navy 
Hey , Wen ! Welcome to D . C . ! Glad you came out to visit 
Thanks for inviting me . Actually , I've never been anywhere with so many black people before . It's different 
Howard is eighty percent black . But there are whites , and even Asians here . Thankfully , it's also coed 
Great ! Is your , too 
Sorry , nope . But the Alpha Phi Alpha's are throwing a party tonight 
That's a black fraternity , right ? So we should see some dancing 
Hi . I need a wake-up call tomorrow 
What time would you like your wake-up call 
I need two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen 
That is no problem at all , of course . You'll get a call at 7 o'colock and another at 7 fifteen 
Then again , I think 7 fifteen is too early . Change 7 fifteen to 7 thirty , please 
So , that'll be a call at 7 and another at 7 thirty.Do you have any other requests 
Not just now , but if I do think of something later , I'll give you a ring 
Okay , sir . Sleep well 
I was really glad to hear about your promotion . Congratulations 
Thanks , Jane . I was really surprised . I mean there were a lot of qualified people out there 
Sure , but the work you did was really exceptional ! You definitely deserved it 
Thanks a lot 
You are always responsible and careful 
Jane , I appreciate it very much . I expect to see you get nominated pretty soon , too . You've been doing some great work 
Thank you . I'll try my best . By the way , when do you take over the new position 
Next month 
So what are you responsible for 
I'm going to manage the whole accounts department 
So you must get higher pay than before 
Yes , the company will also give me a prize of 1,000 Yuan 
1,000 Yuan ? That's great ! So ..
OK , I know what you mean . It's my treat 
Really ? Can I order anything I want 
Of course . Let's go 
What's for lunch 
Pork chops 
We're going to have to postpone the meeting 
Why 
Mr . Chen can't make it today 
Honey , have you all packed 
Almost ready . I am making a double check 
It is cold on the mountain . Have you packed the windshelled clothes and bodywarmers 
Of course . And I have also packed two umbrellas just in case of raining 
You are so thoughtful . Do you think our tent will be working well 
Of course . I just bought it last year 
What about our mobile phones and cameras ? Did you charge them last night 
Yes , I did . Don't worry 
Good . We should tell our neighbour that they can call the police if some emergency happens to us 
Yes . You think a lot , too 
Smith is always careless , it is his Achilles ’ s heel 
He would get very angry if anyone criticized him 
He will burn his fingers 
If only he knew it 
I hate to say goodbye , but it's late 
Can't you stay for a little bit longer , it's only 8 
I wish I could.But I'm afraid I can't . I've got some serious studying to do . I have to go 
OK.See you on Today 
See you on Moday.Have a great weekend 
You too.Thanks for dropping in 
Can I help you 
I would like to check in . Here are my ticket and baggage 
I am sorry , sir . Your baggage is 2kg overweight.You have to pay extra money for it 
Well , can I put something in this handbag 
Sure . Now it's all right . Here is your boarding pass and label . Have a nice trip 
Good morning , may I help you 
Good morning . I want to remit 1,000 yuan to my sister in Shanghai 
Please fill out this form 
OK ... Do I need to put on my sister's name for the receiver 
Yes . You must put on her name and address 
OK , I see . Here you are . Is that OK now 
Let me check . Yes . Your 1,000 remittance , please 
Here you are . What is the rate 
This rate is one percent . That will be 10 yuan 
OK . When will this remittance arrive 
Generally it will arrive within three days 
That's good 
So that concludes the introduction . Now let's move to the first part of my talk , which is about 2006 fiscal year marketing plan . So first , right off the bat , When looking at the marketing plan , tell me some of the goals that we had set this year to begin with ..
We wanted to appeal to a younger set of consumers and also , in line with that goal , redo our image ..
That's correct . If you remember , we also set a goal to double distribution in overseas markets . Now , when looking at the data to evaluate whether or not we made our goals , there are three things to consider . First , the original condition of the market , second , our marketing numbers from the previous year , and third , our final sales figures for this year . Now I want to describe for you the second and third parts . If you look at the overhead , you'll see a graph ... The blue line represents our sales from the year 2005 , the red line is the sales in 2006 ... As you can see , our sales in 2005 were quite slow to start off with , but managed to make decent performance in the last part of the year . On the other hand , you can see this year's sales took off like a rocket 
Don't you think all of the money goes to the ads and we have nothing to read 
But newspapers do get some extra income by offering space for ads 
Extra income.They can get rich with sheer ads 
Even with volume sales our costs for the Exec User won't go down much 
Just what are you proposing 
We could take a cut on the price . But 25 % would reduce much our profit margin . We suggest a compromise 10 % 
That's a big change from 25 % ! 10 % is beyond my negotiating limit . Any other ideas 
I don't think I can change it right now . Why don't we talk again tomorrow 
Sure . I have to talk to my office anyway . I hope we can find some common ground on this 
Robert , I have been instructed to reject the numbers you proposed , but we can try to come up with something else 
I hope so , Dana . My instructions are to negotiate hard on this deal , but I'm trying very hard to reach some middle ground 
I understand . We propose a structured deal . For the first six months , we get a discount of 20 % and the next six months we get 15 % 
Dana . I can't bring those numbers back to my office , they'll turn it down flat 
Then you'll have to think of something better , Robert 
May , we are fools to hang out at noon . It's dying hot today . My skin is too weak to be exposed under the summer sun 
Do you have any sunscreen lotion 
You know , honey , I used it all on the way over 
I think I'm getting a heart stroke 
The heat is driving crazy and I hate my new hat 
Why ? It's brand new , and it's perfect on you 
But I bought it to get rid of the heat . Now it does nothing but burning my head 
Beauty costs , honey 
Laugh all you want , whatever . We need to get out of the heat 
Walking under the sun is certainly not the way 
Give me a break . It's not funny 
Right . Sorry . Anyway , the radio said that it'll rain later today 
Hope so ! Good thing is that autumn is just around the corner 
Is there anything else , apart from the Credit Rating and Debt to Asset Ratio 
There is the Balance of Net Liabilities . This must not exceed its net assets and no business loss can be shown during the past two years 
Right , OK . That , again , shouldn't be a problem 
And the total ratio of return on assets should not be lower than the average , for that particular industry , for the first two quarters of the year 
Well , as far as I can tell , we qualify 
Of course we will need proof , originals and duplicate of everything . As soon as you bring in the proof and we assess it , it should be very quick indeed 
Mr . Green , I ’ d like to introduce you to Mr . Brown 
How do you do , Mr . Brown ? It ’ s a pleasure to get to know you 
My pleasure , Mr . Green . I look forward to an excellent relationship with your company 
I propose a toast to the health of everyone here and to the success of our negotiation 
Okay , let ’ s make a toast 
What is your great struck 
I think I ’ m very good at planning . I manage my time perfectly , so that I can always get things done on time 
Why do you think you be a good fit or this job 
Because I ’ m very competent in this area 
Can you working under pressure 
Yes , I work well under pressure and find it dimly . However , I believe planning and probable management of my time can reduce tight deadlines 
Are you more a follower or a leader 
I don ’ t try to go ahead of people and lead them , I ’ d rather cooperate with everybody else and get the job done by working together 
does your family have a record of your ancestors 
sure . My mom has been working on our family tree for years . She ’ s always updating it 
do you have a copy of your family tree in your house ? I ’ d love to see it 
I can show it to you now , if you like . I think it goes back about 8 generations so far 
that ’ s amazing . Do you have a large extended family 
I ’ Ve got 30 cousins on my mom ’ s side and 10 cousins on my dad ’ s side 
are you very close to your first-cousins 
the ones that are my age are close relatives . Now that I ’ m older , I don ’ t spend as much time with them as I used to , so I don ’ t know my younger cousins as well as the older ones 
I see . who ’ s the head of your household 
it ’ s definitely my mother . And , her mother is definitely the matriarch of the bigger family 
that ’ s interesting . What does your grandfather think of your step-mother 
at first , she was quite critical of her , but now that they ’ Ve been married for a few years , she ’ s starting to accept the fact that my father divorced my mother 
that ’ s pretty much how you feel about your step-mother . Like grandmother , like grandson 
It's awfully hot 
You can say that again 
Hello , I'm looking for a shop that sells inexpensive cashmere sweaters 
Have you tried an outlet 
Why didn't I think of that 
Many of my friends shop at outlets 
Thanks . That is a good suggestion 
I'm only too happy to help 
Personnel . May I help you 
Hi , could I speak to Nancy please 
This is she . Paul 
Yeah , it ’ s me . Can you give me a lift after work 
Dental clinic . This is Mr . Adams 
Hi . My name's David Johnson . I'd like to make an appointment 
All right , David . Is this for a checkup or a cleaning 
A checkup . I think I have a bad cavity . Half the side of my head hurts 
What tooth is giving you pain 
One of the back ones 
Let me see ... We can see you this afternoon if you can come in at four thirty 
I'll never ever work together with him 
What happened ? Quarrel again 
Will you take my materials back from him for me ? Please 
Don't ask me . I don't wanna be involved in your quarrel 
Hi , good to see you . What can we assist you with today ? Going away on business again 
Yes , I'm off again at the beginning of next week . I need to get some Traveller's Cheques 
We do always recommend people take Traveller's Cheques when travelling overseas . The world is a dangerous place nowadays , you never know 
Sure . At least if I do get robbed , heaven forbid , I can get my money back using the traveller's cheques insurance . Once , when I was travelling in France , I was pick-pocketed and not only did you replace my Traveller's Cheques for free , you also did it extremely quickly and easily 
Sandy , can you help me contact these people 
Sure , what do you want me to tell them 
Well , I need to confirm the time of their classes 
Ok , where can I find their telephone number 
They are all listed here on this sheet of paper 
Is it their home , office or cell phone numbers 
Unless it ’ s marked differently , it ’ s their home numbers 
Alright . What if I can ’ t get a hold of them by phone 
Then , you should e-mail them with the information 
Where can I find their e-mail addresses 
They should have then listed on their resumes 
And if there aren ’ t any e-mail addresses 
Then send them a SMS on their cell phone 
Ok . That sounds easy enough . Have you called any of them yet 
Yes . I called the first three people on the list , but they didn ’ t pick up 
Did you leave a voice message 
I left a voice message on one---just for the first person on the list 
I see . What did you tell her 
I told her that she should call me back at my office number 
Ok , so , maybe I should call her again 
Yes , that sounds like a good idea . She might not get the other message in time 
One more question . It looks like some of these numbers are long-distance . Do you have a calling card that I can use to get through to them 
Sure . You can use this one . The pin number is written on the back of the card 
Alright . Thanks a lot . Don ’ t worry . I ’ ll take care of it 
Great work . I ’ m off for the weekend ! See you on Monday 
See you 
How would you like this order shipped 
Send it by the fastest way 
Are you going to ship this by air ? That might cost a little more 
How much 
I'll check the costs and call you back 
OK 
Any new ideas on the Mr . Fro case ? How can we give this motor oil a new brand identity 
Let me get my morning coffee to get my brain working again 
I could use one , too . I'm still burnt out from that last cigarette ad campaign 
As long as the foam on my macchiato's not burnt , too , I'll be alright for a while . You got your espresso , Jess 
Allan , I am really disappointed by your lack of effort on this project 
Look , Sally . I ’ Ve put just as much work into this as anybody else 
No , I ’ m sorry . I disagree . I don ’ t think you ’ Ve been working at full speed at all 
Well . I ’ m sorry you feel that way 
What can I do for you 
I need to make a deposit 
Are you depositing cash or a check 
I ’ m depositing a check 
Please sign the back of the check 
There you go 
Do you want cash back 
Yes , please 
How much cash would you like 
I want $ 150 
Here ’ s your $ 150 
Thank you , and have a nice day 
Could you give me some advice on how to bring up my son properly 
He's a bright boy , isn't he 
But he always wimps out of difficulty 
Don't worry , he'll make good progress step by step 
How can we get in touch with you 
Please call me or send e-mail . Could you please let me know when your organization can make a decision 
About one week 
I really appreciate your time and help . See you then 
Hello , Tony . Fancy meeting you here . How are things going with you 
Not too bad , thanks . And you 
Pretty good ! How are your parents these days 
Oh , they are fine . They are enjoying their retirement 
Oh , good . That's nice to hear . Well , I am going to a football match . I need to go 
Say hi to your family for me 
Thanks , I will , byebye 
Can you recognize that woman , Millie 
I think I can , Kate . It must be Karen Marsh , the actress 
I thought so . Who ’ s that beside her 
That must be Conrad Reeves 
Conrad Reeves , the actor ? It can ’ t be . Let me have another look . I think you ’ re right ! Isn ’ t he her third husband 
No , He must be her fourth or fifth 
Doesn ’ t Karen Marsh look old 
She does , doesn ’ t she ! I read she ’ s twenty-nine , but she must be at least forty 
I ’ m sure she is 
She was a famous actress when I was still a schoolgirl 
That was a long time ago , wasn ’ t it 
Not that long ago ! I ’ m not more than twenty-nine myself 
What do you think of shopping 
I don't mind shopping for food and other daily needs 
What do you think of big department store 
It's fun walking around them , but their displays are so good I'm tempted to buy things I don't really need 
Did you hear the good news 
No , I haven't 
I got a promotion at my job 
Did you really 
Seriously , I am so excited 
Well , congratulations 
Thank you 
I'm so happy for you 
Really 
Yes . You really deserved this 
You think so 
Yes . Good for you 
Did you see the news today 
I haven't had a chance to see it 
You know about the blackout last night , right 
The lights were out everywhere 
A bunch of people went looting last night 
They what 
They took full advantage of the lights being out 
That's crazy 
The news reported that four stores were broken into 
Were the looters found 
The police don't know who did it 
I hope this doesn't happen again 
Hello . Did you enjoy the tour of our new premises 
Yes , I did indeed . But , could you tell me what exactly the ' Priority Service Room ' is used for 
Of course . As we provide many different services for all of our valued customers , we like to give than a special place to do their business with us 
I think of myself as a valued customer . What services can you offer me 
There are all kinds of deposit services and also the calculations of the interest . It's specific to different accounts and different circumstances 
Right . Is there anything else that can be done there 
There's information on deposit or loan rates , exchange rates ..
The list goes on and on 
Yes , it sure does . And with our new premises , we have new services . We can provide 24 - hour support for your Wealth Management 
So , I can talk to my Personal Banker 24/7 . That's really thoughtful of you . And I have to say , I love the new look of the bank 
I came in to see how my home inspection went 
First of all , I need to share what the purpose of a home inspection is . Do you understand what I was doing there 
I had a home inspection before , but didn ’ t really understand it 
I help you spot potential problems with the home before you purchase it 
The owner said that the roof had leaked , but that he got it fixed last month 
Sellers aren ’ t really all that objective . They may have gotten used to a leaky faucet , but it is still broken 
Are the sellers responsible for fixing the problems with the house 
The owners may wish to pay to have the problems fixed , or maybe the price of the house can be reduced 
Did you find a lot of things wrong during the home inspection 
The house has a very outdated electrical system . Many of the switches and outlets do not work and are unsafe 
Could you tell me where you put all the pots and pans 
They ’ re in the cabinet next to the sink 
Where do you keep the dishes , Baker 
They ’ re in the cabinet above the dishwasher 
And the forks and spoons 
They ’ re in that drawer 
OK , I know . Would you please help me clean the kitchen 
No problem 
I still have a question to ask you 
It's my pleasure 
How much luggage can I take for my flight 
It is allowed to carry 55 pounds for each passenger 
But if I have more than 55 pounds , what can I do 
You will have to pay some for every extra pound 
How about my hand carry luggage 
You can bring one , if you want to 
Ms Anderson , my name is Mike . I am Division Chief of ABC Company . Welcome to Toronto 
Thank you . It's a pleasure to meet you 
A pleasure meeting you as well , the flowers are for you 
Thank you , they are beautiful 
Finally we're on board 
Yes . It was so crowded . I'm worn-out . Let's find our seats 
Are they window seats or aisle seats 
Let me see ... yes , one window seat and one aisle 
Ok . But can I trade my seat with you ? I prefer the one near the window . I'm a terrible flyer . I always get airsick and can never relax until after I've landed 
That's fine . I'd like to be on the aisle anyway . It's easier to get in and out 
Thanks . Where shall we put our luggage 
I think the smaller carry-on bag can go in the overhead compartment , and the others can go under the seat 
Good idea 
Don't forget to keep the seat belt on 
Ok . Hope it's a pleasant trip 
Yes 
And no hijackers 
Oh , you have too wild of an imagination 
Aren't you Jim Green 
Yes , that's right 
I believe we met at a concert last year . I'm Taylor 
Oh , yes . I remember 
What dances do you like 
I love to dance the fast music 
Then you must be interested in disco 
Yes , it's my favorite 
Oh , it's a disco . Let's dance 
You're a good dancer 
Thank you . Now they are playing a rumba . Would you have a try 
Sorry . I feel like sitting out the next dance 
OK . Let's get something to drink 
Good idea 
Could we borrow the company van for a fundraiser this weekend 
That would be a possibility . Where is this fundraiser taking place 
It is in the hotel ballroom down the street 
Do you need it for the whole weekend 
We will need it for both days 
We will need to know who will be driving the van 
The van will be driven by Mary and me 
It needs to be back on Sunday night . Can you arrange for that 
Oh yeah , no problem . Would you mind if we borrowed a few of the chairs from the lunchroom 
Just keep track of everything and get it all back where you took it from by Sunday evening 
What do you want for your birthday from your parents 
I don't know . Maybe a pair of new shoes 
Why don't you ask them to buy you a PC ? You will soon use it at college 
That's a dandy idea . Thank you for reminding me 
Hi , Martin . I ’ Ve been looking for you all morning 
What ’ s up 
I want to say goodbye . I ’ m leaving for America tomorrow 
America ? Did you get admit to MIT 
Yes 
Congratulations ! Susan . I ’ m so happy for you 
Thank you 
Really going to miss you 
Me too . I ’ ll write to you once I get settled . But I have so much to do . You might have to wait a while . But I really will write to you . I love to write letters . I think it ’ s more meaning than the emails even than the phone call 
Ok . Take care . Have a nice journey 
Thank you 
Look after yourself . Bye 
Bye 
Good evening , sir . Welcome to the Comfort Inn 
Hello . I have a reservation , under the name Lee , Leo Lee 
Mmmm . I ’ m not sure if we have you down here . How do you spell your last name 
It ’ s L-e-e 
Oh , right . You ’ re in our system . I was just looking under Li . So , we ’ Ve got you down for a Business Suite for three days . If I could just have your credit card , I ’ ll process your check-in while
You mean I have to pay now 
Oh no , we just make an impression of your card using our credit card machine . It ’ s in lieu of a deposit . If everything is OK when you check out , we give it back to you then . It ’ s pretty sta
I see . I guess you can tell I don ’ t travel much 
( later ) Here ’ s your card , sir . You ’ re all checked in . let me just tell you about a few of our services . We have free breakfast in the lounge from 7:00- 9:00 . You call the receptionist to arrange
How are you 
I'm fine thanks . How about you 
I'm okay . What are you doing these days 
Not a lot , actually . Busy at work of course - we've got a big project coming up in Malaysia . I may have to go to KL in a few weeks 
That's great . When are you starting 
Probably in a week or two . I'll let you know 
I made my little brother cry 
Shame on you 
Gongshan Development Co . , Ltd.may I help you 
I'd like to speak your export manager , please 
May I ask who's calling , please 
This is Mrs Wang , from Jane coper 
I'm sorry Mrs wang , but Mrs Fu is not in at the moment 
When will he come back , do you know 
As suppose you reback at 10
May I leave message 
Of course 
Please ask him to give me a call as soon as he return . he has my number 
Ok , Mrs wang . I'll do that 
thank you . goodbye 
Management is going through a big turnover these days . With Bill's retirement , and department realignment , we have lost about 1/3 of our managerial staff . They've been dropping like flies ..
Isn't that a good thing ? Having fewer bosses means having less stress , don't you think 
Actually , I don't think so . Supervisors are really important to make sure everything goes smoothly in the workplace . They are necessary for divvying up work and disciplining employees . If there is no one to keep an eye on us , no one would get any work done . You know what they say , when the cat's away , the mice play 
You're right , we do need leadership . But what we don't need is too many people to lead us . You know what they say about too many chiefs and not enough Indians ..
Alright ... I get your point 
Mary likes mountain climbing 
What ? No kidding 
Yes , she's a professional climber 
I can't believe it 
Where is my back pack 
I don't know . Where did you leave it 
I just put it on the chair a while ago , but now it's gone 
Are you sure 
Of course , I am sure . I bet someone stole it 
Well , you should have kept an eye on it 
Can I borrow these magazines 
Fill in the slip , then take it to the circulation desk . They will get you what you want 
Are we allowed to go into the stacks to look for books 
Sorry , the stacks are closed to undergraduate students 
So will you back me up if things get ugly with Elvin 
I will if you tell me how you're so sure that we're going to come out on top 
We just will.Trust me on that 
After what you did , I don't know how hard Elvin's going to work to meet your deadline 
He'll do it . He's too proud not to 
You've got everyone figured out , don't you 
Yes , I do . Everyone 
What kind of breakfast do you want 
Is there any difference 
Yes , a continental one contains eggs , bacon , toast and juice . American one is the same as a continental one except the egg 
I think I would like the former one 
Is there any ticket left for tonight's concert 
I am sorry , sir.All the tickets have been sold out 
What a shame . Will there be the same performance tomorrow evening 
Sorry , sir . The only tickets of the same performance available are on 21st 
That's fine . I want 2 tickets 
What can I do for you 
I would like to use the copy machine 
The machine is over there 
Do I have to pay to use the machine 
Yes , you will have to pay to use it 
How much 
It costs ten cents a copy 
Am I limited to a certain number of copies 
You can copy as much as you ’ d like 
Could you show me how to use the copier 
The instructions for the copier are posted on it 
That ’ s fabulous . Thank you 
Hi , I want to check out . Here is my room key 
One second , sir , while I print out your receipt . Here you are 
Thanks 
May I ask , sir , if you enjoyed your stay 
Well , except for one night , I enjoyed the hotel . And I loved New York , of course 
Thank you for your honesty . I assure you there will be no cockroaches next time 
Can I have the menu , please 
Sure . Here you are 
Hi , I'd like to have a beer 
Hi , good evening . Which kind of beer would you like 
I'd like to try a local beer . What would you suggest 
How about Yanking Beer ? It's very popular here 
Sounds good . I'll take that 
Mike , I can't catch up with our Chinese teacher very well 
I advise you to take an additional course in some Chinese schools 
What is that 
This kind of school is good at helping people to improve their Chinese 
Will they recommend me the class that suits me 
Sure . You can review the lessons you have learned at school and learn something new there 
That's great . I'll tell my mother about it 
it seems the department still has some money left in the budget . Do you have any suggestions how to use it before the budget is renewed 
what about renting a restaurant and treating the employees to a nice dinner 
but we've done that many times . We want something fresh this time 
okay , let me think . What about a party-and-movie night ? We can rearrange our reference room , invite a band to play some music , order in some food and watch a movie later 
sounds like a good idea , but a band sounds too expensive 
well , we can ask people to make small contributions 
I don ' t think so . I don't think people are going to like it if they have to pay to come . But we certainly can cut costs in other ways , such as make the party BYOB 
BYOB ? What's that 
bring your own beverage . We can provide food , but people have to bring their own drinks 
so we're just going to have a party where they bring their own drinks and we just give them some snacks ? I don't know how well that will go over 
maybe you have a point . How about having a party on a Friday afternoon ? We'll stop early , order some pizza , and serve drinks . There'll be music but no band . Having the party in the office will make
oh , that sounds like fun 
Have you got any cheaper ones 
Here are some.They ' re on special sale these days 
That's more reasonable . I'll take this one 
Okay , Rebecca . Now you ’ Ve given me a good idea of your work and academic background , but what about you as a person ? How would you describe your key strengths 
Well , Mr . Parsons , as I mentioned before I ’ m someone who needs new challenges . I ’ m really focused and hard-working . I think my academic results prove this 
Yes , true , but how about other personal qualities 
Well , I believe I ’ m a good team-player , but I can also work well independently . I ’ m very enthusiastic and , well I hope my colleagues would agree , I ’ m fun to work with 
What would you say is your most positive quality 
Hmm , that ’ s a tough question . But I would have to say my passion . I ’ m really passionate about journalism and passionate about my career 
May I have your resume , please 
Yes , I need a job that can give full play to my skills 
Do you like a job in a library , working with books 
I like peace.As a matter of fact , I once had a job in a library 
Would you please mail these letters , Lucy 
Yes , Sir 
These two are urgent letters and should be sent by registered express airmail . Others are ordinary letters 
All right , who should I send them to 
It ’ s sent to Mr . Charles . I believe he is in London 
Ok , home or office address 
Office address , please . He might be at work when they arrive 
Should I enclose this commercial paper with these two letters 
Yes , it ’ s right 
Our Afghan customers wanna buy China's tea . I am thinking of placing an order with you 
Which tea do you prefer , black or jasmine tea 
I like both . Could you show me some samples 
Of course , here you are . These are Black tea from Anti , Oolong tea from Guangdong , Oolong tea from Fujisan and Longing tea from Xinu . The new products are Curls Black tea , Crushed Black tea and so on . They are the best sellers in many countries 
Oh , such a variety . All of them are excellent both in color and flavour . No wonder our people like China ’ s tea better than any other kind . Could you give me some idea of the prices 
Here is our price list . All the prices on the list are subject to our final confirmation . You can see the prices are reasonable 
I'd like you to quote me CIF Karachi 
Right . Could you tell us the quantity you require so that we can work out the offer 
Yes . I want 500 kilograms of Black tea from Anti , 200 kilograms of Jasmine tea from Hangzhou and 100 kilograms of Crushed Black tea , first grade 
Good . We will make the offer tomorrow afternoon . Is that all right 
Yes . See you tomorrow afternoon 
I'm really sick of waiting for a bus 
Yeah.Especially when you have something urgent to do 
But a taxi costs too much 
That's true 
Look , the printer isn ’ t functioning well . I ’ Ve pushed the start button . It is suppose to be working now but it remains like a log . What ’ s going on 
Let me check . It has a paper jam 
I didn ’ t pay attention to that . I will try to get the paper out 
Be careful , the cartridge can be very hot 
I'm going to take a nap 
You should unplug the phone 
That's a good idea 
Do you want me to wake you in an hour 
No , thanks . Just let me sleep until I wake up 
I'll start dinner at 6:00 
Okay . I think I'll be awake by then 
If not , your nose will wake you up 
You mean I will smell the food cooking 
You might even dream about dinner 
I don't think I'm going to dream about anything . I'm really tired 
Have a nice nap 
You should not have criticize your son in front of his friends 
Why ? He did something wrong 
I know . But at that time your blame is rubbing salt into his wounds 
I only wanted to help him 
But it is not the right time 
Steven , can you give us a summary about your work ? What do you get from your work 
I have accumulated a wealth of practical experience in work as a chief advertisement designer . Moreover , I realized teamwork is the key to success 
Why do you think so 
I think building team spirit among the coworkers is very important . I believe we can accomplish a miracle if we stick together 
Very good . Anything else 
My advantage is that I have strong sense of responsibility . But I lack patience 
I must praise you for your modesty and diligence . What's your plan next 
I will listen and learn more when I start my new job . I plan to become more professional in my field 
I've got to commend you ; you really did a good job 
Thanks for your compliment , but there is still plenty more to learn 
Good evening . Can I help you 
Yes , I'd like to check in , please . M y name is Peter Wang . I have a reservation for three nights 
Just a moment , please . Oh , yes . One twin and one single . Is that right 
Yes , I'm with my wife and child 
Will you fill out this form , please 
Did you smell something ? It smells so great 
It must come from the bakery on the corner.They are baking cookies . Their cookies are very popular in town 
How come I never knew that ? Do they have a new baker or something 
I think so . The bakery invited a famous baker from the USA . He is good at making cookies 
Let's go and get some cookies . I am hungry now 
Look at the swiss roll over there , they look delicious , too , I am thinking about buying one 
You can taste some before you buy it . They have food tasting at the counter 
I am starting loving this bakery now 
It's one of my favorite bakeries 
You should have told me earlier . I am a cookie lover 
Hi . I'm looking for some good deals on produce 
You might want to try the mangoes 
Can you describe a mango to me 
It's a fruit a little smaller than a grapefruit . It has a big seed in it 
Do I eat the seed 
Maybe some animals eat the seed , but humans don't . You'd have to soak it for 10 years 
What's the price of these mangoes 
Today you get a 50 - percent discount . They're only $ 1 each 
Tell me what they taste like 
Their flesh is soft and juicy . It has a citrus taste . It's sweet 
Do I need to buy them ripe , or will they ripen at home 
Just press into it gently with your thumb . If it feels soft , it's ready to eat 
Where do mangoes come from 
These are from Guatemala , but we're going to start getting mangoes from India 
hi , I'm Lucas , I just moved in next door 
oh , hi Lucas , come on in . I'm Barbara . Nice to meet you 
nice to meet you too 
would you like something to drink ? I've got tea and some grape juice 
thanks . Some tea would be nice . Chinese tea is great . I really like your tea set . Where did you get it 
oh , there is a supermarket not far from here . But there is also a tea house around the corner , where you can get tea and a tea set as well 
oh yeah , I saw the tea house the other day . I think I might go and have a look sometime . It's a nice neighborhood here 
you are right about that . It's quiet and very convenient . You can get to the bus and the subway stations within ten minutes'walk . There's a grocery store , a book store , a gym , and many restaurants
there's a gym nearby ? That's exciting ! I really want to start to go to gym as soon as possible . I've been lazy this summer holiday and have put on some weight 
well , if you want we can go together sometime . Actually I was thinking of going this afternoon , if you like , you can join me and I can show you the neighborhood along the way 
that would be wonderful . Thanks 
Sally , I ’ m tired of this Western food . I really miss my mother ’ s Sichuan cooking 
I ’ m sure you do miss that type of cooking . But can ’ t you try to get used to Western food 
I have tried . But Americans like butter , bread , sugar , and cream too much 
I suppose you ’ re right , Lee . Maybe that ’ s why so many Westerners are overweight 
It ’ s interesting that Americans work very hard at their jobs , do not take naps during the day , and yet they can be so heavy 
You see , because we are often busy working , we eat too much fast food , and that food is very fattening 
This position demands a higher writing ability , so please say something about your writing ability 
Of course . I've loved writing since I was a very little boy . I won the first prize in a national composition contest when I was in middle school . After attending Nanjing University , I never give up writing . My works , such as Father's Tobacco Pipe , Open Air Cinema , The old City were respectively published China Youth Daily , Yangzi Evening News , and New Beijing . During the period of studying for my degrees of master and doctor , I paid more attention to developing my research ability and published several papers . The Impact of Internet in Chinese Political Participation , The Discipline of Remold , The Historical Direction of Chinese Administration Reform , Bribery Cases of Self governance in Chinese Villages are respectively published in Chinese Publish Administration , Beijing Due Xuebao , Theory and Society and Chinese Reform . I joined in Yangzi Evening News to work as a part-time journalist in 2006 . During this period , I've written a lot of comments , which improved my writing ability to a new level , I have full confidence in my writing ability , and I believe I can do the job well 
Did you have any kind of punishment in your life and studies 
Yes , just once 
What was the reason 
I once played truant when I was in college because I intended to organize a donation activity for the disaster-hit areas in Sichuan 
Can you read and write English and French 
No , I'm proficient in both written and spoken English , but I can only carry on a simple conversation in French 
Could you tell me something about your English education 
My mother is an English teacher in a college , so I began learning English when I could speak , and I took English as my minor subject at university 
Hey , that ’ s a very nice hairdo you ’ re wearing 
Oh you ’ re exaggerating . I ’ m never really good at making hairdo 
You did it yourself ? Wow , you are good 
Thanks for saying so , but my husband thinks otherwise 
He ’ s just got no idea of how good you are 
Something's wrong with my computer 
What's the problem 
My computer won't turn on 
Did you see if all the connections are right 
I'm not sure I understand what you mean 
The connections between your CPU and your outlet 
Is that what's stopping my computer from turning on 
If your plugs aren't connected all the way , the computer won't turn on 
I had no idea 
Why don't you try it and see what happens 
I'll try it right now 
Let me know if that doesn't work 
Some places aren't good to go.But I can show you the right bus to take . It will be no problem 
We want to see the Statue of Liberty too 
I have never done that myself . But I hear it is very interesting . You two should go 
You have never gone to the Statue of Liberty ? ! I can't believe it ! But you live here 
Yes , but I'm very busy with work.And you know how it is , sometimes people don't visit the tourist sites in their own country 
I know . Are the subway trains easy to take here 
And there's a little upside-down Dilbert on the underside 
When you flip the tie up , he's right side up . Brilliant 
My dad will love this . He's a Dilbert fan 
I wouldn't mind having one myself ..
Model it for me 
OK 
Wow ! You look just as dorky as Dilbert 
Hi , dear , do you know what the important day is today 
I don ’ t know 
Please think it over 
Oh , I see 
Come on , dear . I know you mustn ’ t forget it 
It ’ s Saturday , a great weekend 
Ur , you really let me down 
Don ’ t be angry with me . I have a bad memory 
No , you haven ’ t . You just don ’ t care about me . You ’ re an indifferent husband 
What day is it on earth 
It ’ s an anniversary of our weeding 
May I help you , sir 
Yes , I want to buy a VCR 
Well , we have many models to choose from here.Do you have a particular brand you want 
No . I only want it to be a very good one . The best.It ' s a graduation gift for my son 
I see . And does your son have a VCR now 
Well , he uses our VCR at home.But he's going to university in the Fall , so he needs his own VCR 
Does he watch a lot of movies 
Yes , he sure does.In fact , he wants to become a movie producer himself.He wants to study film at the university 
I would like to make a suggestion then , sir 
Please do 
If your son wants to study film , probably he will start to collect movies himself 
Yes , I know that . So I want him to have a good VCR to use 
May I suggest you consider buying him a DVD player instead 
DVD ? Isn't that like a CD 
It is very similar . The technology is the same 
Why is a DVD better than a VCR 
For one thing , sir , the quality of the image is usually better.That ' s because it's digital 
But isn't it more expensive 
It is a little more expensive , sir.But there is one important advantage which your son might appreciate 
What's that 
If your son starts to buy video tapes , he can't keep them very long 
And why not 
Video tape breaks down after fifteen years.So if he collects a lot of tapes , after fifteen years they will all start to rot 
Hmm . Is that true 
Yes , it is , sir 
Well . And what about DVDs 
This is the excellent thing about DVDs.If your son starts to collect DVDs , they will last forever . They will never rot 
Hmm . He might really appreciate that . I know he will start to collect movies at school . Especially if he studies film 
So let me show you some of our DVD players.In my opinion , DVD is the wave of the future 
Alright , please show me what you have 
This is a precious opportunity for us and our company 
You are right . We ’ re hoping that this is a long-term opportunity , and just a flash in the pan 
Did you have any working experience during college 
Yes , I did some part-time jobs such as English tutor , salesman , and model 
What did you learn from your part-time jobs 
I learned to be patient , professional and gained a ll of experience of direct sales 
I have a bone to pick with you 
Okay . Let ’ s clear the air . What are you getting at 
You always have a chip on your shoulder 
I ’ m sorry . But I don ’ t meant to get your goat 
How may I help you 
I need to check these books out 
Do you have your library card 
Here it is 
It appears that you have late fees 
Really 
Yes , really 
How much do I owe 
You owe $ 24.50 in late fees 
I don ’ t have that much today 
I ’ m sorry , but until you pay it , you won ’ t be able to check out any more books 
I ’ ll pay it as soon as possible 
Hi , Customer Service Desk . What can I do for you today , sir 
Good morning . I bought this vacuum here a few months ago . It doesn ’ t work now . Can I return it or get it fixed 
Do you have your receipt with you 
Yes , I do 
When did you buy it from our store 
Four months ago 
I ’ m sorry . You can ’ t return it because too much time has passed since you purchased it . In order to receive a refund , you must return merchandise to the store within 90 days of purchase 
But the direction book says I will get one-year warranty 
Yes , I know . After 90 days , you need to call the company that manufactured the vacuum to fix it because it ’ s still under their warranty . Their phone number should be in the direction book that came with your vacuum 
Okay . I understand . I ’ ll call the Customer Service Office of the manufacturer . Thank you 
You ’ re welcome 
I would wondering if you like to stay here for a few days 
It really depends on when and how long
Until next weekend . that ’ s ok 
How do you do 
How do you do ? Nice to meet you , Ms . Smith . I ’ m Jack Stevens from the Marketing Department . Here is my card 
It ’ s nice to meet you , Mr . Stevens 
Please call me Jack . Have a seat , please 
Thank you 
When in Rome , do as the Romans do , they say 
What do the Romans do 
They live in Rome , of course , and go to work by car or bus . But sometimes it takes too long that way because of the traffic jams , so they walk 
In other words , the Romans do what everyone else does 
Yes , but they do it differently . Everything is different 
What do you mean 
Well , the climate's different for a start . It doesn't rain so much as it does in England . The sun shines more often 
I envy them the sun 
I know . You hate the rain , don't you 
I certainly do 
And a Roman really Ioves life . Eye knows how to enjoy himself 
They always eat spaghetti and drink wine , don't they 
Not always . But they like a good meal . Lots of tourists go to Rome just for the food , you know 
Really ? How much does it cost to fly to Rome 
I don't know exactly , but it costs a lot of money 
Good Morning , Mrs . Schmidt ! I see you're standing on your head again 
Hi , Kathy ! I'm just doing my morning yoga ! You're up awfully early today 
I have to finish preparing a paper for my Western Civilization class 
How has school been going ? You come home so late every night ! You're really a hard worker ..
Actually , I study a lot less here than I did in Taiwan ! My classes are great , though . Sociology is the perfect major for me 
What bus can I catch to get to the Gold Line 
Tell me where you live 
I live in Altadena 
You can catch the 264 
It goes to the Gold Line 
Yes , it does 
What street do I go to to catch it 
You can catch it on Altadena Drive 
I had no idea that bus went to the station 
Yes , it does 
I'm glad you told me 
You're welcome 
What's the name of this street 
University Street 
Do you know of any banks near here 
You'll see one at the corner on your right 
Is this the right counter to check in for this flight 
Yes , it is . Please put your luggage on the scale 
Your luggage is overweight . The free allowance for luggage is 20 kilos 
Oh , can I keep this little suitcase as hand-luggage 
OK , in this way it's just below the limit 
Here's your ticket and your boarding card 
All right . I will begin boarding soon 
I want to check in now . Here is my ticket 
Don't you have any luggage to check in 
No , sir 
Do you have a seat preference 
I'd like an aisle seat . I feel terrible near the window 
Here is your boarding pass . Have a nice day 
Mr . Blake ? Mr . Foster ’ s on the phone . He ’ d like to know if you can send over those training manuals 
Oh , tell him I ’ ll leave them at his office tomorrow afternoon 
He was hoping that you could drop them off this afternoon 
I ’ m afraid that I can ’ t do that . They ’ re at the printer ’ s being copied . They ’ ll be back tomorrow before 1 o ’ clock 
Room service . What can I do for you 
I would like to have an international call to Paris . Can you tell how to do it 
Yes . In that case , you should connect the operator and he will connect you with the one you want 
Well , what is the operator's number 
543210 
Fine . Thank you 
Hello , Kith , can you and Alice come around this evening ? We prefer your coming 
I think we would be able to make it . What time shall we come 
About 7 o'clock 
Shall we bring any thing ? Some wine 
No , not really . Just bring yourselves . We would like to your presence 
Mr . Smith , while you're out , the sales department called and asked you to lunch next Wednesday 
I'll put them in my schedule . Are there any other messages 
Oh , yes , Miss Chen informed that the monthly management meeting has been changed to July 11 and I've marked your diary accordingly 
Thanks a lot 
Here is the agenda for the meeting and that's all for the messages 
How did you first meet Jack each other 
That is a heavy raining afternoon . I was standing under the eaves of a shop to evade the heavy rain . It's getting dark 
And then 
I was trembling in the wind when he ran to me with an umbrella in his hand and asked , ' Where is your home ? 
Then he sent you to your home 
Yeah 
It's a romantic meeting . I can say that a hero saves a beauty 
He joked later that I was so poor that he had a kind of impulse to protect an ant 
He is so humorous 
Sandra is actually blue chipper . I don't think she could realize that she has married a fool for women 
That's fate 
I feel sorry for her 
Maybe this is God's will 
I find that you spend little on handset charge every month . Have you any trick 
It's simple . You can use call transfer 
Is it so simple 
Sure . You know , we spend most of our time at home or in the office every day , so I receive handset calls with the hand-free telephone , so I need pay little for receiving calls 
It's true 
Call transfer has many other advantages . When I am in places where network can't cover , such as the high building , I also use call transfer function , which transfers my calls to the hand-free telephone and I will not miss any call 
That's all 
In hospitals or on planes , handsets will interfere with some equip-ment , so we must close our handsets . If you set call transfer , the problem will be solved 
Hi , nice to hear from you , when does your plane leave 
It leaves in 20 minutes 
Good 
Can you pick me up from the airport 
How much does it cost to hire a motorbike 
For 3 days $ 300 , for 7 days $ 600 
Good . I think I'll hire one for 7 days 
Okay . I'll write up the paperwork 
Charlotte , have you had your supper 
No , I don ’ t want to eat anything 
Why ? Don't you feel well 
I ’ m down in spirits 
What's up 
My manager jumped on me for my mistake today 
You must not feel depressed about such a trivial thing 
I think I'm too clumsy . I can do nothing well 
You'd better shape up if you want to get the job done 
But I doubt myself 
Cheer up ! Don't let me down . We all make mistakes , and that is life 
I'm worrying that she may be lost 
Be relaxed . She is familiar with the area 
After all , she is a five-year-old kid 
Ok , I'll go out and look for her 
do you remember where you were for the terrorist attacks on 9-11 
yes , I was in my apartment in Beijing . Where were you 
I was at home with my parents in New York City 
really ? Did you see the hijacked planes crash into and destroy the twin towers 
I didn't see the crash itself , but I did see the smoke and everything afterwards from my parents ' apartment building 
that must have been horrible . Did you go out at all that day to see what was going on 
no , we decided to stay in our apartment . With all the buses out of service and the underground trains at a halt , many people had no choice but to walk home . It was utter chaos 
did you know anyone who worked in the World Trade Center 
yes , my uncle's firm had an office in one of the towers 
did he survive 
unfortunately , he wasn't able to evacuate in time . He ended up dying in the tower 
I'm sorry . That must have really been a nightmarish day for you and your family 
it was . The hijackers didn't have any respect for human life not even their own 
terrorist acts are deliberate and deadly and can affect every walk of life 
I just got a call from Mrs . Fitzgerald . See what your Willie has just done 
My Willie ? Why has he suddenly become my Willie 
Because he takes after you , he's got into trouble again 
What did he do this time ? I remember last time he was painting her fence to repay her for breaking it , and he accidentally painted her cat 
That was last time . This time it's worse 
Ok , tell me 
Well , he was playing baseball with some friends ..
And the ball went through her window ? That's not as bad as last time 
True , but that's not all . The ball went through the window and hit the vase she has in her front window ..
Ok , that's probably expensive , but not that bad 
And then , ricocheted off her fish bowl . Mrs . Fitzgerald at the last minute dived and saved her fish 
At least the fish were saved . If that's the end of the damages , then everything isn't that bad 
Stop interrupting me . Finally , the ball flew through the air and knocked out Willie's school principal , who was having a cup of coffee with Mrs . Fitzgerald 
Hmm , that is bad 
If I can improve my vertical jump a few more inches , I think beach volleyball might be my ticket 
But whenever we play , you just sit on the sand , drink beer , and watch the girls 
It's a beautiful sport , isn't it 
To be honest , I don't think you could even win a gold in hopscotch 
OK , OK . Enough already . We'd better hustle . The contest starts in five minutes 
Hey ! Ask your mom for more old pictures , OK 
Can't it wait ? She's still angry that we sent e-mail wedding invitations 
But we saved your parents so much money ..
I know . And they're spending enough on the plane tickets to Texas 
Speaking of plane tickets , don't forget to check on the reservations 
OK 
Quite a few people are laid off these days 
Yeah . It is not easy for them to find another job 
University graduates have difficulty finding a job too . There seems to be more and more competition in the job market
It is strange that some people are quitting their jobs in order to find a better one . What do you think ? Do you want to quit your job 
No . Not now . I think I'll try to keep this one 
I need to find the cereal aisle 
The cereal is over by the breakfast foods 
Where is that at 
It's by the oatmeal and breakfast bars 
I think I can find that 
Did you need help finding anything else 
Actually , I do need to find the dishwashing detergent 
That would be over by the paper towels and toilet paper 
I thought it was over there 
Yeah , you'll find it there 
I really appreciate all your help 
Hello . Beijing Restaurant . How can I help you 
Hi . I want to place an order , please 
For pick - up or delivery 
Pick - up 
What would you like to order 
I have a menu from your restaurant . I ’ ll order using the number of each meal from your menu 
That ’ s fine 
I ’ d like to order number 17 , no . 23 and no . 24 
What size 
Medium , please 
When will you come to pick up your order 
I ’ ll be there in about an hour 
That will be fine . We ’ ll have your meals ready when you arrive . Thank you for your order 
how did you do on your BELTS exam 
fantastic ! I got an overall score of eight 
that's excellent ! Have you received your conditional offers yet 
yes . I'm just waiting until I officially get admitted to the university with a conditional offer to apply for my visa 
do you know where the visa office is 
no 
it's just near the Dong Si Shi Tiao subway stop 
that's not too far away . Do you think I'll get a visa 
have you ever gone abroad before 
yes , I've been to Tailband , Egypt , and Japan 
have you ever been denied a visa before 
never 
that's good . Are you planning on immigrating to another country 
no , I want to come back to China after I graduate 
that's exactly what the visa officers want to hear . Do you have enough money for tuition and room and board 
I've received a full scholarship , so I won't need any other money to live off while I'm studying 
I think you have a very good chance of getting a visa . I can help you prepare for the visa interview if you want 
that's be great . The more prepared I am , the better 
I want to buy some jewellery 
What kind of jewellery do you like to have 
I should like to look at some bracelets 
May I show you gold ones or jade ones 
Jade ones 
OK , here they are 
What's the price for this one 
Eight hundred yuan 
How about seven hundred yuan 
I'm sorry , we only sell at fixed prices 
OK . I'll take it 
Do you think that climate change is responsible for the recent floods 
It could be . There are floods in this country almost every year , but in recent years they have been more widespread and more frequent 
It seems that the climate in this country is changing 
The summers are hotter . The last three summers have been the hottest for the past 200 years . There have also been stronger winds 
I think that the changing climate is a sign that we are causing too much damage to the environment 
I think you ’ re right . Climate change naturally over time , but I think that human activities are speeding up the change . I wish that government would join together and try to resolve the problem 
Me too . If we don ’ t do something soon , It might be too late 
Could you tell me a little about the organization ? For example , how big is your workforce here 
Well in total we have around 150 employees based in Hong Kong with another 400 in our head office in Beijing . The news desk staff in Hong Kong comprises around 80 staff 
I see . And how about the working hours 
Well , as you know Rebecca , in journalism work hours are not exactly nine to five . You could be on call at any time . We do have to work very unsociable hours at times 
Well I am used to that , Mr . Parsons , so that ’ s not really a shock for me 
Good , as long as you understand that 
And when do you need to fill the vacancy , Mr . Parsons 
Yesterday ! But no , we are hoping to start from the beginning of next month 
That sounds ideal 
It ’ s very kind of you to invite me to dinner 
Please sit down and make yourself at home . Please don ’ t stand on ceremony 
This dish is really delicious 
I ’ m glad that you like it . This is only the first time that I made it 
You ’ re great . Could you say it in Chinese 
Sure , we call it doubt 
Why isn't the project done yet 
How should I know ? It's not my responsibility 
Do you like the Harry potter books and movies 
Not really 
Why not ? They are very fun and exiting 
Maybe , but I think they are just for kids 
No , that ’ s not true . Many adults like the Harry potter books too 
Maybe they don ’ t agree with my taste 
Good moming.sir . Here is your breakfast 
Thank you.Just put it on the table 
Is there anything I can do for you 
En , would you please give me some bread please ? I am hungry now 
OK . I will get you some right now 
Could I pay for my parking ticket 
I need to see your ticket . Do you have it 
Here's my ticket right here 
I'm going to need to see your ID 
I don't have it 
You can't pay your fine without your ID 
I don't understand why I can't just pay you 
We have to make sure that the person issued the ticket is the one paying it 
I get it now 
Just come back when you have your ID with you 
Will my record be cleared after I pay the fine 
Only if you pay your fine 
After I am accepted for unemployment benefits , what will happen next 
You will receive a Notice of Unemployment Insurance Award letter 
What will that tell me 
The Award Letter will tell you how much you will receive weekly 
Are there any other forms that I need to fill out 
You will need to fill out a Continued Claim Form every two weeks 
What information will I need to provide on that form 
They will need to know where you worked and how much money you made 
Are there any other questions on the form 
Basically , they want to know that you were available for work and not sick 
Excuse me , I ’ d like to apply for a library card 
Certainly.Here ’ s an application form.Do you have proof of residence 
What sort of proof do you need 
A driver ’ s license or something showing that you live in this city 
I ’ m a student from out of state , so I don ’ t have a local driver ’ s license 
Do you have a current electricity or gas bill in your name 
The phone bill ’ s in my name 
That ’ ll do.Bring the most recent one in with your completed application , and we ’ ll issue you a temporary library card right away 
How long will it take to get the regular one 
It ’ ll be mailed to you within two weeks , but you can borrow books on the temporary card 
Okay.Thanks for your help 
Room Service . May I help you 
This is Room 603 . I'm afraid that the heating system doesn't work . It's very cold here 
Have you switched on the radiator 
Yes . I have switched it on for a long time . The room is still very cold 
We're terribly sorry for that . We'll send our staff io fix it now . Or do you want to change your room 
I prefer not to move first 
OK . Is it convenient for us to come now 
Yes , please 
It seems that you are an optimistic man who doesn't dismay easily . That is what a good salesman needs . Good luck 
Thank you 
I guess we have covered all the stuff that we need to discuss and it's time to say goodbye 
Yes , goodbye and keep in touch 
I want a refund 
Yes , miss . What was the problem with your purchase 
These pajamas don't fit right . They're too long 
Would you like to have them altered ? Or would you like a different size 
No . I want my money back 
I'm sorry , but this was on sale , so I can only give you store credit 
Fine . Here's my receipt . I'd better be able to use this anywhere in the store 
Of course ... here you are . I'm sorry the pajamas didn't work out for you 
How's the chicken 
It's delicious 
Yesterday was April the first 
Was it quite special 
Not for the others , but for me . I was in the library going over my lessons when suddenly one of my roommates came in . He told me that I was wanted on the phone in my dormitory , and that person would call me again several minutes later 
Did you hurry back to the bedroom 
Yes . I went back to the dorm only to find my roommates laughing and shouting " April Fool , April Fool " 
Oh , your classmates took you in 
Only then did I realize it was April Fools ' Day 
I want to get on the bus already 
It just isn't on time today 
It was supposed to be here thirty minutes ago 
I think it'll be here pretty soon 
I need to get to work , so it better 
I really do hate public transportation 
I agree , it's just never on time 
That's right 
I also hate having to stand at a bus stop in all kinds of weather 
Oh , that's the worst 
We need to get a car 
I completely agree with that 
Gosh ! The water faucet is dripping badly again 
You are going to have a huge bill 
I know . I ’ Ve got to get it fixed ASAP 
Don't you wanna get it fixed now 
I wish I could , but I ’ Ve got to go now . I have an appointment in 20 minutes 
Well , if you need anything , just let me know 
Oh , by the way , could you give me a ride ? My car is still in the garage 
You sure have bad luck these days 
Paul failed again 
He'll never do well in mathematics 
How can we help him 
Well , I can't help 
Are you interested in history 
Yes , I am . I enjoyed studying it at school , though I had trouble remembering all the dates , so my teacher never gave me good marks 
I love history , but I ’ Ve always thought that learning the reasons behind events is more important than remembering exactly when they happened 
I wish you had been my history teacher ! I might have got better marks 
Some people say that history repeats itself 
What does that mean ? The same events never happen twice , do they 
The idea is that the people and dates change , but the reason why things happen stay the same 
I see . I think I ’ d agree with that statement . People often seem to make the same mistakes over and over again 
Vince . We're both busy , so I'm not going to beat around the bush . I need a raise 
I can't do that , Zina . You know I can't 
Bull . I're done my research . I know you still control more than 65 percent of invoking options 
Who told you that 
That doesn't matter . I want at least 4 percent 
May I help you 
I can ’ t find the book I want 
Why don ’ t you try looking at the database 
I checked it already 
Do we have it available 
It wasn ’ t there 
I guess it is lost 
Will you be getting another copy 
Yes , we will 
Could you reserve a copy for me 
I can do that 
That ’ s great . Thanks a lot 
Excuse me , I'm a little lost . Which bus do I take to get to Shi Da 
Let's see . From here , you have to take the 278bus 
Oh ok , where do I get off 
You should get off at the first Shi Da stop 
Ok , thanks ..
You're new at this , huh 
No , is it difficult 
No , it's quite simple . When you get on , just ask the bus driver when to pay the fare and where you want to get off 
How much does it cost 
Only 15 NT per section . Oh look , that is your bus 
Wow , I can't thank you enough 
Don't mention it 
I am going on my first date tonight . Can you give me some suggestions about what to wear 
Well , I think you look very pretty in your polka dot purple dress with your hair piled at the rear . That makes you very graceful and mysterious 
Yeah , that's a good idea . Let me try it 
Remember to match it with your glittering star-shaped necklace . Very attractive on formal occasions 
Do I look more mature in the highheel shoes 
Sure , more elegant and taller 
I shall wear light make-up instead of heavy . The face powder will lighten my skin color 
If I were your date , I would be so charmed by you 
Thank you 
Do you have sport shirts for ladies 
There are different types . Which one do you like best 
I think the red one fits me well . Can I try it on 
Surely , of course 
Where is the fitting room 
It's there , near the mirror 
Driver , bring me to the station 
OK 
Can you please speed up ? I am catching the train 
I am sorry . There is a speed limit 
Oh , my god 
Hello , can I help you 
Yes , my engine warning light is on 
How long has it been on for 
Just since today 
You can still drive , without problems 
It runs fine 
Let's check it out . There'll be a $ 45 charge to check it over . If you fix it with us , we'll include the $ 45 into your repair 
Okay 
Please write down your address and phone number , and sign here 
Okay 
It'll be about an hour . Are you going to wait 
No , you can give a call when you have done checking 
No problem 
Come in , please 
Good morning , sir 
Good morning , please make yourself comfortable 
Thank you , sir 
Your name and examination number , please 
My name is Du Tao , number 3 
Pardon 
Du Tao . D-U for Du and T-A - 0 for Tao 
Yes , Mr . Du , when were you born 
I was born on January 1st , 1988 . I ’ m 20 years old now 
Where do you live 
I ’ m living at Room 222 , Building 18 , N . P . U 
Can you leave me your phone number 
Gladly , 8962105 2 
Good afternoon . Is this the Roley Hotel 
Yes , madam . May I help you 
Yes . I ’ m calling from Westwood and Westwood Attorneys . I need to make a reservation for Mr . Alex Brent 
Fine , madam . When will Mr . Brent be arriving , and how many nights will he be staying 
Welcome to our International Business Counter . How can I help 
Hello . I'm trying to track down some documents due to arrive any day on our new L / C 
Not a problem . Could you tell me you L / C number , please 
It's TH 15699324873 0 
OK , just checking for you ... yes , they have arrived . How would you like me to handle them 
Would it be possible to transfer them to IBA Bank 
That's fine . I'll get on with that for you right now 
What's up , buddy ? You look so upset 
I just broke up with a girl . Why didn't she understand that I loved her 
I'm sorry to hear that . What's your conflict 
I don't know . She always said I didn't love her , but I did 
Did you think about talking to her again ? Maybe she is waiting for your call 
I have asked for a talk again , but she refused and said she wanted to be quiet 
Come on , guy . Maybe she isn't your right person 
Hello , Mr . Black , how are you 
Fine , thank you , and how are you 
Very well , thank you . It's nice to meet you again . I am awfully sorry for not being able to meet you at the airport , as I was busy yesterday . I do hope you had a very enjoyable trip from New York 
Yes , a very pleasant journey indeed . Thank you 
How are you getting along with your business 
Not bad . The fur market is not very brisk lately , but the selling season is advancing near . I hope there will be more buyers in the market this year 
I hope we can do more business together . Though we are satisfied with our past trade record , there are still possibilities for more business . In the meantime , let's discuss other spheres of cooperation , such as investment , technology transfer and technical assistance 
Jenny , you're too lazy . You should do some exercise . See , you're getting fat 
Dad , it's raining outside 
That is your excuse 
All right , all right , I will go swimming with Peter this afternoon 
Not just today . Go exercise everyday 
Excuse me , where am I on this map 
You're right here , bus station , we are in the center of the city 
Which bus should I take to railway station 
You can take a No . 2 bus here 
Where am I supposed to change 
At Longing Street 
Happy Thanksgiving 
You , too 
Let's have pumpkin pie 
It's my favorite 
What are we going to eat for dinner 
Are you going to cook anything 
I didn't plan on cooking tonight 
If you're hungry , then cook something 
I don't know what to make 
Tell me what you want to eat 
I've been craving chicken and potatoes 
I'd like that 
Are you going to cook it tonight 
I'm really not going to cook tonight 
Okay , I guess I'll cook 
Why don't you start cooking then 
Well , how was your honeymoon 
It was fantastic ! We had such a good time . The only problem was that because it was their high season , we spent hours queuing 
Peak periods always entail hours of queuing . At least you got a nice tan though 
Yes , Florida had great weather while we were there . You look tan , too . Did you go somewhere 
My friends and I just got back from Bali 
Wow ! Bali Islands have some of the best beaches in the world , don't they 
Yes , we were lucky . My friend's father owns a resort on one of the islands , so we were able to stay for free 
Did you go diving while you were there 
I took a few diving classes , but I didn't really like it , so I did snorkeling instead 
Did you take any pictures in the ocean 
I've got quite a few pictures of all different kinds of fish . I'll show them to you next time I see you 
Have you started planning your christmas vacation yet 
We're planning on going skiing in Switzerland . Do you ski 
No , but I do like snowboarding 
Would you like to go skiing with us for christmas 
I'll talk to my husband about it ; I'm sure he'll say yes ! He loves Switzerland 
It is Europe's spotless land of lakes and mountains ! Let me know as soon as you can so we can get a discount 
Look , I've got a problem here . Will you help me 
I'm not sure if I can , but I'll try 
May I take your order 
What's the specialty of the house 
The baked fish in tomato sauce is pretty good 
I like fish . Please bring me an order of that 
Do you want some dessert 
Apple pie , please 
Single or double 
Make it two 
Tom , did you see the film last night 
Yes , I did , I thought it was a failure 
Do you really think so ? I don't think so . It wasn't that bad film at all . Didn't you hear the applause of the audience 
Well , maybe so . But I still think everyone has their rights of their own opinion 
Well , i don't see the point of arguing this 
Would you like to rent the house 
You bet , as long as I can collect enough money 
I can lend some to you 
Aren't you crazy 
I'm sorry I'm late 
Better late than never 
Honey , where did you buy this skirt 
In the market . Any problem 
Nothing . I am just checking 
Doctor , may I ask my mother ’ s condition 
Well , you'd better sit down for this . It has been terminal lung cancer 
Oh my god . Please save her life 
We ’ ll try our best , but you'd better prepare for the worst 
I see , D . But I plead you to help her 
I have said that we will try our best . You can trust us . But you know her situation 
How long do you expect her to live 
About half a year 
Taxi 
Yes . Where would you like to go 
Central Park , please , but can you make a stop at Union Square ? I wanna pick up my friend there 
Of course 
How long do you think it will take to get to Union Square 
Well . That depends on traffic , you know . It's pretty heavy this afternoon 
Can you make it in 15 mins . I am already 10 mins late 
I'll try . Where exactly is your friend waiting 
On the 14th Street side . Oh , we are already at the 16th Street . You are fast . Can you make a left at the next corner 
You've got it 
I think he is around here . Can you slow down ? Ah , there he is 
Here we are , Central Park 
Thank you . How much is it 
Well , it's $ 12 
Here's $ 15 . Keep the change 
Thank you 
Hey , you have been promoted to president of the department 
All this is thanks to the efforts of my superiors and colleagues 
You are so smart . Your efforts in the success of the plan were outstanding 
I just did what I should have done 
You ’ Ve got a great personality 
Thank you for your compliments . I will try even harder to repay the company and your support 
I believe you will . I ’ m very pleased with your work . Your promotion will contribute to the development of the company 
Thanks for saying so 
Excuse me . I need to refill this prescription 
It says on the bottle here that you can have two refills 
Yes , I need to refill it today 
Alright . I'm sorry , Miss . According to our file , this prescription has already been refilled twice 
I was worried about that . I couldn't remember if I had it refilled twice yet or not 
Well , it looks like you have.You will need to see your doctor to get a new prescription 
Listen . This is an emergency . I tried to call my doctor , but he is out of town . So I can't see him in time . I need this medicine . It is for skin condition . I've run out.Can you just refill it once more 
I'm sorry , Miss . We can't do it . We must follow the prescription.And this prescription has run out 
But I need it . Please . Refill it for me just this once . I can go to the doctor around ten days from now . Then I'll have another prescription 
Miss , I understand your problem.But it is against the law for us to sell certain medicines without a prescription.It ' s the law . I can't do anything about it.We never sell medicine unless we have a proper prescription . Never 
But I have a prescription . I just need more of it 
A prescription must be valid . It cannot be an expired prescription . I'm sorry , Miss . It's the law.You will have to find another doctor who will prescribe this for you 
Oh , it will be so expensive ! I have a special medical plan , and I can only see one doctor.It will cost me a lot of money to see another doctor 
Miss , I just can't help you on this . I'm a pharmacist , not a doctor . And there are other customers I need to help now . I know it is frustrating when this happens.But there is nothing I can do about it . I'm sorry 
This is ridiculous ! In Taiwan , it is much easier to get medicine when I need it 
Maybe that's true . I don't know.But I'm sure in Taiwan you have prescriptions too 
Professor , excuse me , but I need to leave early 
What seems to be the problem 
I am not feeling well 
What is bothering you 
I think I am beginning to have an asthma attack 
Would you like someone to walk you over to the Student Health Center 
No , I think that I should just go home because I have some medicine there 
Do you need a ride home 
I live in the dorms across the street , so I ’ ll be OK 
OK , then , hope you feel better soon . Check your e-mail for missed assignments 
How about your study at college 
I was doing quite well at college . I completed my MBA degree in international trade with first-class honors 
Why did you select your college 
I selected my college because it had an excellent academic reputation 
What do you like doing in your spare time 
My favorite recreation is cooking . I learned to cook Chinese dishes and western style dishes as well . It keeps me busy and makes me happy 
We agree to give you a break on the price , all together a discount of 6 % . Good news is , I talked to my boss , he confirmed that if you take care of the shipping costs , we'll throw in insurance 
Great ! I'd love to get a little better discount than 6 % , but if your company provides the insurance , that will save us a few bucks ..
Now , all this is available to you , as far as you make payment within a 30 day grace period . That shouldn't be a problem , right 
No ... We shouldn't have any problem with that . I know we talked about a possibility for 90 days , but we won't be needing that after your discounted price 
So , if all this is agreeable to you , I'll put it all down on paper and fax a contract to you this afternoon . If you can get a signed version of the contract we've agreed upon back to me by tomorrow morning , we can go ahead and make arrangements to ship the product on Tuesday 
Great 
Do you have cold medicine 
Yes , but do you have a prescription with you 
No , I don't 
I'm afraid you can't buy any medicine without a prescription from a doctor 
I have a headache . Is there anything I can buy without a prescription 
Then you can buy Aspirin 
I will take the Aspirin then . And have you a small first-aid kit 
Yes , here this is 
I'll take it too 
Thank you and take care 
I would like to withdraw my money and close my account please 
May I see your passbook 
Here you are 
This is a sizable sum . Is there any reason you are closing your account with us Mr . Lee 
I will be leaving the city soon so I have no need for this account 
I see . Well for this amount I will have to get my manager ’ s approval 
No problem . I ’ ll wait over there 
Thank you . This should only be a few minutes . If you would like , there is coffee by those sofas over there 
No , thanks . Coffee makes me wired and I will be nervous enough carrying all that cash 
Mmm . Nice and crunchy . And they leave a space uncovered for you to hold ..
They're so much fun to eat . You can suck all the coating off first ..
Or just stuff the whole thing in your mouth at once 
But that way you're not savoring it 
Whatever . Give me another pack 
Hey ! The movie hasn't even started and they're almost gone 
What do you do for a living 
I ’ m a doctor 
Really ? Do you like it 
Yes , I do . It ’ s very interesting . What ’ s your job 
I ’ m a bus driver 
Oh , do you enjoy it 
No , I don ’ t really like it . It ’ s boring 
We are through 
Why 
Why ? Isn't it obvious ? First you impose way too much on me , and I'm tired away . Second , you stood me up on the Valentine's Day 
I'm very sorry for that , but I sent you several messages to explain , my mom was seriously ill , and I had to look afer her 
But I ended up with finding out lady that night , that you were with other girl at cafe near your home 
That girl was my cousin 
You've got so many cousins . I called you later that night . But you didn't have the guts to answer the phone 
I didn't take my cellphone with me at that time 
I don't buy a story 
I know you don't hear me right know , please calm down . Anyway , I don't wanna part . I'll drop by tomorrow 
No , don't , I don't want to see you anymore . Don't ever call me again 
Good morning . How are you 
I'm very worried , doctor
Oh ? What are you worried about 
I'm afraid that I'm very ill 
I'm sorry to hear that . Why do you think so 
Because I feel tired all the time , even when I wake up in the morning . I find very difficult to do any work . I have no appetite . My wife cooks me delicious meals but I can only eat a little 
How do you sleep 
Very badly , doctor 
Do you find it difficult to get to sleep , or do you wake up early 
Both , doctor . I never get to sleep until two o'clock and I always wake up at five 
Are you worried about anything 
Well , yes , I am . I'm worried about my work . I've just taken a new job . I earn a lot of money but it's difficult work . I'm always afraid of making a mistake 
I see . please take off your shirt and lie down on the couch 
Yes , doctor . ( The doctor examines the patient 
Well , there's nothing very much wrong with you , I'm glad to say.You ' re working too hard and worrying too much.Do you take much exercise 
No , doctor . I never have enough time for exercise . I start work very early in the morning and finish late in the evening . Then I can't get to sleep . Can you give me some medicine to help me to sleep 
I can , but I'm not going to . You don't need medicine . You need advice . Don't work so hard . Too much work is bad for you . Don't worry about your work.It ' s silly to worry . Take regular exercise 
But I may lose my job , doctor ! It's hard to get a job like mine 
Then get an easier one , even if you earn less money . Which would you rather have , health or wealth 
You're right , doctor . It's more important to be healthy than wealthy . I'll change my job . I'm grateful for your advice 
Come and see me again in a month's time . I think you'll be a different man 
The music has started 
How do you like this waltz 
It's very nice 
May I ask you for a dance 
Certainly 
You are doing the waltz wonderfully well 
Thanks . I'm glad you say so . Oh , the music has stopped 
Mr . Emory ? I ’ d appreciate it if you would look over these letters before you leave today 
I ’ d be glad to . Just leave them on my desk . I didn ’ t expect you to finish so soon 
Thank you , sir . I ’ ll leave them here . If there are no problems , I ’ ll mail them out this afternoon 
Great . Good work 
Hello , this is Mr . Simon . May I help you 
Hello , this is Wang Li . I want to know the status of the position 
Sorry , I can't give you an immediate answer on the matter . It's pending now 
When can I know whether I'm accepted or not 
In about 3 to 4 days 
I went bungee jumping yesterday . It was so exciting 
Do you really enjoy such dangerous sports 
Yes , They are great fun and very challenging , too . Some day I'll want to try deep-sea diving and rock-climbing , too 
You are a real fan of extreme sports 
Yes . I love facing danger and overcoming it . It has become part of my life 
Hello , Ms . Murphy 
Yes ? Who ’ s calling 
It ’ s John Anderson . I ’ m afraid I ’ m going to be out sick today . I ’ Ve got a nasty cold . I hope you don ’ t mind , ma ’ am 
No , that ’ s no problem . I ’ m sorry to hear you ’ re not feeling well . Get some rest . If you need to see a doctor , let me know 
Ange , can your dog do any tricks yet 
Oh , yeah ! He can sit down , roll over , and even play dead 
Really ? Does he chase balls 
Yup.Hey , do you want to see a picture ? See , he's eating lunch 
This can't be the same dog . He's so clean , he shines 
See , he's wagging his tail 
He's really cute . His bowl even has his name on it 
You are late 
I'm sorry , it was too cold , and my car couldn't start . I had one to the garage with the heater . I tried to call you , but you couldn't get connection 
Couldn't get connection 
Yes , your number is out of service 
Really ? I didn't know . Let me check . You're right 
So I couldn't get through 
It's a serious problem . I make expecting an important call . The theater is guilty . It supposed to call me this evening , and discuss my play . What were happened if they can't reach me 
Well , the only thing you can do is pay the fee to recover your service 
Can I borrow one of your pens , Amy 
Take your pick , Julie 
Has your son started school yet , Tom 
Next week , it ’ s going to be quite a shock for him 
He ’ ll get used to it . They always do . I still remember when my daughter started . Are you going with him on his first day 
You bet . I wouldn ’ t miss it 
Is there any chance to further study 
Nope . Our company is private-owned and its profit is the biggest issue . We don't think that further study has anything to do with our development and profit-making 
Do you have training program or plan for employees 
Nope . We just hope our employees will make profit for us 
Good morning , Mr Zhang , I wonder whether you have got an answer from your superior 
Yes , we had a meting about it yesterday afternoon 
What's the answer 
We decided that we could agree to your price , but we are a bit worried about the slow delivery 
Let me see . I quoted your delivery in three months , didn't I 
Yes , but we hope that the wool could reach us as soon as possible 
I thought you would be worried about it . So I rang Auckland last night . As you are our biggest customer , they agreed to ship the order on the first vessel available that will leave Auckland next month 
Good , if you agree we'll draft the agreement right away and sign it then 
By all means 
Is there anything I can do for you 
I haver run out of gas 
What kind of oil do you want 
Premium , please . By the way , please don't fill it up . Two gallons will be fine 
No problem 
What else , Ma'am 
No , thanks . My husband said , We'd like to pay now 
Let me show you to the cashier's . It's 905 yuan in total 
What ? Where does that five come from 
Oh , it's a service charge 
But I only have 900 in cash here . Can you let it go for 900 yuan 
Sorry , but we can't do that . It's store's rule 
My husband said he had a credit card . Do you accept credit card 
Yes 
Great . Here it is 
Here is the receipt . Wanna to have it wrapped , Ma'am 
Yes , please . Thank you very much 
It'll be great to have you again 
Thank you very much 
She is so beautiful , isn't she 
Who 
Julia Roberts 
Yeah , she is so charming . I like her , too 
It's said that her new movie is going to come out 
What's the movie about 
I'm not sure 
Isn't it silly to see a movie that you know nothing about 
I already told you , because Julia Roberts is in it . I like her because she is not only a great actor but also is very generous to give a lot to many kinds of charities 
Yeah , she is great . I also admire her for her concern about society 
OK , so this is our newest machine . It was only installed last year 
What's the running speed of the machine 
About 1,500 metres per minute . It's one of the fastest in the world . We had a few problems with it after start-up but it's running very well now 
And what's the maximum output 
If we're running at full capacity , it's 160,000 tonnes per annum 
Good afternoon . I believe that this house is for sale 
That's right 
May I have a look at it please 
Yes , of course . Come in 
How long have you lived here 
I have lived here for twenty years 
Twenty years ! That's a long time 
Yes , I have been here since 1976 
Then why do you want to sell it 
Because I have just retired . I want to buy a small house in the country 
How much does this house cost 
6850 pound 
That's a lot of money 
It's worth every penny of it 
Well , I like the house , but I can't decide yet . My wife must see it first 
Women always have the last word 
There's been a dramatic change in the weather pattern 
Don't tell me it affects our flight 
It has been delayed 
Did they say for how long 
No , but probably until there is a break in the storm 
So we can't really go anywhere , can we 
I think it's smart to stay close to the gate so we can hear the updates 
I brought some cards . Are you up for a long game 
Fancy seeing you here 。 Lily 
Yeah.What a surprise 
How's everything going 
Fine.thanks 
Hey Michelle , jump in quick . It's pouring out there 
Oh , hi Melissa . Are you going to the conference too ? I was planning to pick up Mr . Campbell 
Yes , he told me . We need to pick him up at his hotel and then go to the conference 
Oh I see , okay . So I heard you got married . Congratulations 
Ah thank you ! I'm very excited . We were going to get married next year , but then we decided to get married on holiday instead . It was wonderful 
That sounds so romantic ! Jack and I were hoping to get married in Europe next year , but we had to postpone our plans . We just don't have the money 
I know what you mean . I think Shanghai is getting more and more expensive , don't you 
I sure do . In my opinion , it's actually becoming more expensive than back home 
Definitely . Oh , there's Mr . Campbell . Driver , can you stop here please 
Bill , do you know when did the Chinese begin to celebrate Teachers ' Day 
I know the Chinese teachers had their first festival in 1985 
So , it is the 27th Teachers ' Day 
What will you do on Teachers ' Day 
I am going to send Mr . Li some flowers . What about you 
I intend to invite him to dinner 
You're going to abandon me , just like that 
I'm sorry , but I've got an important job to do 
I'd like to see a tea set , please 
How about the Japanese ones 
They're OK , but I prefer chinese ones 
Oh , I see . I'll show you some 
Let's do something really nice for our family this Christmas 
What did you have in mind 
I don't know yet 
I just know I want to get out of the mindless gift trap 
I know what you mean 
I want to give a gift that is really meaningful 
Or do something that shows we have spent time thinking about them 
Or what only we are able to give them 
Good morning , mom 
Good morning , sweetie . You finally got up 
I'm still sleepy 
Did you stay up late last night 
No , I couldn't fall asleep last night 
Hey , Trev ! How did the shopping go 
“ You ain't nothing ' but a hound-dog ... 
Trev , are you OK 
Of course I'm OK ! I just bought a bunch of classic Elvis records 
Aren't you lucky . The vintage-clock guy is driving a hard bargain . So I have nothing 
No sweat . Just go back and talk him down . Here comes Wei 
Do you two know each other 
Yeah , we were classmates when I was in university 
How may I help you 
I would like you to be my lawyer 
What can I do for you 
I ’ m going on trial 
What is your trial about 
It ’ s a felony charge 
I ’ d be glad to help 
How much do you charge 
My rate is $ 150 an hour 
That ’ s highway robbery 
I don ’ t know what to tell you 
Okay . You ’ re hired 
Did you work in a charity organization 
Yeah , I had been in the charity organization for 2 months and I learned a lot from that experience , including love , sympathy , equality , and so on 
In what way did those social activities have impact on your mind 
I think it had direct impact on my way of thinking . I learned to look at people and things from an overall perspective . In that case , I am not easy to be edgy 
Are you still busy today 
It seems to be . How about you today 
Fine , honey . Rome couldn't be built with in one day 
OK , I'll find the time to relax soon 
Take care , honey . I am always expecting you 
Mike's really angry 
I wonder Why 
You ran into my car 
That was my fault . I'm sorry 
You messed up my car 
I don't see any damage 
My rear bumper is messed up 
I don't see anything wrong with it 
It's smashed in 
That's not my fault 
The same thing is wrong with your bumper 
I'll take care of everything . I just need your phone number and insurance 
I need your information too 
Here you go 
Shall we go to a movie tonight 
That's a good idea.What ' s on 
Gone with the Wind 
What's it about 
Sorry , I've no idea 
Do you want to try the new coffee here 
Great . I ’ ll have a shot 
Have you seen the news today 
Not yet . What happened 
Did you know there was a blackout last night 
Yes , I heard the lights were out all night 
Well , some people decided to loot last night 
I don't understand 
They took advantage of the blackout 
They really started looting 
Yes , apparently four stores were broken into 
Did the looters get caught 
There was no evidence of who did it 
Hopefully we won't have any more blackouts 
What's the matter with you , Paul 
I'm not feeling well . I think I'm having a cold 
Looks like it.You need to drink a lot of water and take a good rest 
Yeah , I will 
I've heard of ground-level ozone but can you explain what it is exactly 
Yes , it's one of the main air pollutants . Factories don't emit it directly into the air . It's actually formed when nitrogen oxides and VOC emissions come into contact with heat and sunlight 
Sorry ? What does VOC stand for 
Oh , Vous are ' volatile organic compounds ' . That's a technical term for solvents or other chemicals found in things like paint 
So , what damage does ozone do to the environment 
Well , it can cause smog , which can affect people's health - especially people with breathing difficulties 
I don't want to do the damn dishes 
Watch your language or you'll be spending the weekend in your room 
Good Morning . What can I do for you 
Good Morning , I have a bad cough , and I want to see an internist 
Do you have a registration card 
No , I don ’ t . I ' m a tourist 
Then you need to register as a new patient . Can I have a look at you ID card ? I need your name , age , occupation , address and contacting number 
Here you are 
Thanks . Which kind of medicine do you prefer , western medicine or traditional Chinese medicine 
I ’ d like to try traditional Chinese medicine . I heard it really works quite well if you know what you're doing 
All right . Yes , he does . The registration fee is 7 yuan , please 
I hate doing the damn laundry 
Watch your language 
Can I help you 
I'd like to buy a skirt 
What style would you prefer 
I like one with flowers on its brim 
Do you like this one 
It seems too short 
What about this one 
It looks nice . How much is it 
70 yuan 
Is there any cheaper one 
This one is only 50 yuan 
I think I'd better take that one you showed me just now . It is better than this one although this one is cheaper 
All right 
Here is the money 
Thank you . Anything else 
No , thanks 
I'm sorry , but I didn't catch what you said 
I said , " Do you want me to help you ? 
If you're sure you're not in a hurry , I can use a little help 
OK . Would you like me to get you a cab 
Do you want to buy something here 
These shoes are great ! What is the price of this 
This one is two hundred yuan 
That's too much 
Hi , Mark , did you catch the game last night 
No , I was out . Was it worth watching 
You didn ’ t hear ? Spain won , two to zero 
Oh , really ? So , Spain is through to the next round 
Yeah . The final is next week . You have to watch it 
Do you have any other questions 
I want to know about fees 
Which fees 
Overdraft fees 
You will be required to pay a small fee for every time you overdraft 
How much is the fee 
You'll have to pay $ 25 every time you overdraft 
That ’ s a small fee 
It should stop you from overdrafting 
You would think it would , but it most likely won ’ t 
Can I help you with anything else 
That ’ s it for today . Thank you 
Which do you like better , orange or lemon 
I like orange better 
Why 
Because orange is much more to my taste 
I need to find somewhere to park 
Off campus or on campus 
I need to find a space on campus 
Why don't you park in the parking structure for students 
Where is the parking structure at 
It's on the west side of the campus 
Do you know if the parking structure is full or not 
It was empty last time I went up there 
How long ago was that 
I went up there early this morning 
Do you think it'll be full now 
It might be . You'll have to go see for yourself 
Excuse me , are you Miss Green 
Yes . May I help you 
May I introduce myself 
Yes 
I ’ m a new student in the school . My name ’ s John 
Nice to meet you , John 
It ’ s a pleasure to meet you , Miss Green 
Could I have a refund on this 
I'm afraid you can ’ t 
Then can I exchange it for something else with the same price 
Just a moment . Let me find out . Our manager Wil be here in a minute . So will you speak to him 
OK . I will 
Can you tell me what happened here 
Yes . I had a bad traffic accident.Look , my car looks like a squashed coke can 
Did you see the car before it hit you 
No , I didn't . That car was too fast 
Which lane were you in 
I don't remember 
What was your speed then 
40 miles per hour 
Which direction were you coming from ? And which direction were you going 
Just straight 
OK , please move your vehicle off to the side of the road . We will check on it . Do you feel like you need an ambulance , Miss 
No , I didn't get hurt . Thanks for your concern 
No problem , Miss 
Well it ’ s my first night in Beijing . What should I eat 
Well you have to try Peking duck 
Mm , I don ’ t really like duck to be honest with you . I fancy something light 
Ok , you could try the Peking wonton then 
That sounds like a good idea . Where should I go to eat that 
Actually , I know a great restaurant in Dongcheng 
Ok then , I ’ ll follow you 
I want take shell on a date , but I don ’ t have much money 
What does she like to do 
She likes to golf , dance and eat foreign food 
Sounds like she has pretty pricy tastes 
Well , I really like being with her 
Have you thought about going in Dutch 
Dutch , where is that 
Not where , what . Dutch means you both pay your own way 
Oh , I wonder if she ’ ll go for that 
What can I do for you 
I've got a suit , a woolen sweater and a white shirt to wash 
OK , let me see . This white shirt can be washed in water with hands , but this suit and the woolen sweater should be dry-cleaned 
That's OK . But that must be costly 
Yes , the cost for dry-cleaning is three times of that for ordinary laundering . But for suits and sweaters , you can only take them to the dry cleaners ' 
Oh , my wife just threw them into the washer 
Did it ever shrink or fade ? Generally speaking , the dark-colored clothes always fade away gradually 
I see . The woolen sweater shrunk in the wash 
Never mind . You can leave them to me 
Oh , thanks . You know , I know little about this , so please tell me something that I should pay more attention to when I do washing 
It's very simple . Divide the clothes by the colors , and wash them in cold water . If you've got some special stains on them like sugar , coffee or something else please let the dry cleaner know 
I'll keep that in mind . And how much is it altogether 
That will be 80 Yuan altogether . Here is your invoice 
Didn't you say your friend was American ? Where is she going on her honeymoon 
They're going skiing in Colorado 
What a coincidence ! These pajamas would be perfect to take along on the honeymoon 
You're probably right . Oh , what the heck ! I'll take it all ... in maroon , like you said 
Bob , can I talk to you for a minute ? There have been some developments for the Stewart case that I really need to talk to you about 
Yeah , what's the matter now ? We've had so much trouble with this case already . Don't tell me there's more bad news 
Well , I'm afraid there is . I have some bad news for you about the results of the forensic tests ... there won't be any results 
What ? What does that mean ? Why won't there be any results 
I hate to tell you this , but it seems that every shred of evidence that would help us to convict were destroyed in a laboratory fire . There's nothing left . I'm so sorry ..
Oh , no , you can't be serious . I never expect anything like this would happened . What are we going to do 
There's nothing that can be done . Everything is gone . I wish I could tell you differently , but what has happened has happened . We will just have to figure out a way to move on 
Why aren't you going out 
It's raining cats and dogs 
Would you like to come out with me tonight 
Sorry , I can ’ t 
Tomorrow night , then 
I ’ d like to . But I ’ m afraid I can ’ t 
I ’ m wondering if you like to go to the theatre then 
That ’ s sounds great 
Ok . How about give me a ring , then 
No . I ’ d better not 
Why not 
Because I don ’ t think my husband would like it . Thank you for inviting me anyway 
Yo , G.How are you getting along with your classmates in the English training school 
Not bad . Everything goes well 
So , what's on the menu for dinner tonight 
You tell me 
You're not going to make anything to eat 
You never cook . I always do 
I think you're a better cook than I am 
Oh please , you need to cook tonight 
So you're telling me that you want me to make dinner 
It was a hard day . Can you just do this for me tonight 
I'll cook dinner , don't worry 
I'm going to go rest for a little bit 
I'll come wake you when it's ready , okay 
Thanks 
Where is your dressing room 
Right over there 
( Person A comes out of the dressing room ) How did you like the sweater 
I loved it . I'll take it 
Great . I can ring you up over here . It comes to $ 87.04 
Here you go 
Do you have a credit card with us 
No I don't 
If you open up a card , you can save 10 % on all your purchases today 
Not today . Thanks though 
No problem . We always have this offer , so when ever you decide to , just let us know 
Sure 
Is there anything else I can help you with 
Yeah . I was looking at some of your pants , but they are all a bit too long . Do you have alteration services here 
Yes . It cost $ 7 , and it takes one day 
Great . Thanks for your help 
Thank you , and have a great day 
Lots of elderly people want peace and quiet in their old age , but young people want an unconstrained life 
It would be good for both if they lived separately . My parents want to live apart from us 
What if old people are in poor health and need to be looked after 
Young people ought to carry out their responsibilities . If it's needed , they would live with their parents 
When I ’ m old , I ’ ll also be like that 
You need a child first , and that's your duty , too 
I know that's what I must do 
I'm afraid I've a complaint to make , which is about the goods we ordered last week 
What is it 
I will explain the problem briefly . We found in the examination that 35 % of the goods have damaged 
Really ? That's something unexpected . You see , all our exports are strictly inspected before shipment . The goods were in perfect condition when they left the port 
Here's the survey report issued by the China Commodity Inspection Bureau . According to the report , the damage was caused by poor packing . Our surveyors also discovered some cracks on the surface of a number of other cases 
Our goods are well-examined before shipment . I'm afraid the losses must have occurred on route 
Please look into the matter and solve the problem immediately 
We will check with the parties concerned right away 
it's a lovely day , isn't it 
yeah , and most excitingly , I met the girl living under me today . She's really nice 
is she American 
yeah , and most importantly , she's single ! Man , I could tell from the moment I saw her , she's the girl of my dreams 
so I take it you two are hitting it off ? I know it's very convenient to be in a relationship with your neighbor , but what if you break up 
I don't know . I am not really worried about that . I don't wanna lose before even starting . Besides I think the other two American guys have also fallen for her 
sounds like you've got some competition . You made a move already 
not yet . But I am thinking of inviting her to dinner sometime . I know some good restaurants nearby 
that's nice . Having been here a little while surely gives you the advantage , eh 
you bet . Now that you mentioned it , I think I'll call her now and see if she is available tonight 
good luck 
thanks 
Hi . I need more amenities , please 
Could you be a little more specific , sir 
Well , to be more specific , the free stuff , like soap , lotion , and shampoo 
I understand . Now , you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities 
Oh , no ! I've got all I need for my stay here 
So , what's the problem 
I need souvenirs 
You want some souvenirs 
Yes , yes . Souvenirs 
But , sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items 
That's not the same thing . If you buy hotel souvenirs , they have no sentimental value 
I understand , sir . I'll call housekeeping . You'll have your souvenirs shortly 
I noticed your absence in class this morning 
I'm sorry , I overslept 
Which team has won 
Neither.The game ended in two all 
But I still think AC milan's defence seems better organized 
But the Brazilian is tougher 
Mary , why don't you come to my house this Saturday 
I don't know . I'll have to ask my host mom 
Come on , Mary . This is America . You make your own decisions here 
But I still have to tell her 
Of course 
Tell you what , give me your phone number 
It's 555-4321 
Got it . I'll call you later tonight and we can talk about what to do on Saturday 
They are playing the wedding march , and I have felt tears 
I'm very touched , and I can't help bursting into tears at the wedding 
Really ? I have seen that our wedding , but just mary's 
Mary looks so beautiful in the wedding gown , and I record the moment that I was bride 
You are always be the most beautiful one in the world . What is the bridemaid's name 
Judy , Why are you so interested in her 
Don't be so sensitive , just a casual question , I caught you looking at the groomsman
He's terribly handsome 
I wonder why he is chosen to be the groomsman , and why mary doesn't marry him since he's much more attractive 
Why are you so bitter ? No one tells worse joke than you 
Administer is doing a good job . I'm not sure they'll be as happy as we are 
Look , Jimmy's report came today 
Let's have a look . What is this ? Where are all the grades 
He's in the third grade Sam ! You see under each subject that he is being taught in school , he receives a mark from one to three . A one means his achievement or work is excellent . Here in Science for example he got a two , which means its satisfactory 
What about here in physical education 
He got a three here which means it's unsatisfactory . We should work on that with him 
So confusing ! In my day we got an A or B if we were doing well and if we failed an exam we would get an F 
Hi , where can I find a cheap cashmere sweater 
How about an outlet 
Great idea 
Outlets give good deals 
Thank you so much 
You're welcome 
I like this shirt.How much is it 
$ 135 
Wow , that's sheer robbery.Shall I make an offer 
I'm sorry , sir.The price is fixed 
Good evening . Where have you come from 
Bucharest , Romania 
May I have your passport and form I - 94 , please 
Here you are 
What's the nature of your visit ? Business or pleasure 
Pleasure . I'm visiting my relatives 
How long are you going to stay in the United States 
Three weeks 
What is your occupation 
I work as an accountant for a Romanian telecommunications company 
Do you have a return ticket 
Yes , here it is 
That's fine . Thanks . Enjoy your trip 
Thank you 
Hey , Leo . How come you look so terrible ? What ’ s going ’ on 
You can say that again . Susan ’ brother dropped in from out of town , so I offered to put him up for a few days . But he ’ s driving me up a wall . This guy is bottomless pit 
How gross ! I can ’ t handle people like that . Does he at least give you a hand around the house 
He doesn ’ t lift a finger ! I bend over backwards cleaning up all day and he sleeps in until noon 
Man , what a freeloader . You better do something quick or he ’ ll never hit the road . After all , he ’ s got it made in the shade here 
You think he might stay even longer ? 
Now , don ’ t go losing your temper . If you tolerated all you can , just kick him out ... but do it with gloves . I know ! Tell him a white lie like you ’ re getting the house fumigated 
That wouldn ’ t be a lie 
May I help you find something , sir 
I'm looking for an engagement ring for my girlfriend . I have an idea of what she likes , but I want to surprise her with something special , too 
We have all shapes , sizes , qualities and price ranges , do you know about the four Cs of picking a diamond 
I think so . Aren't the four Cs , cut , clarity , carat and color 
You've got it . Tell me a little bit about what you might be wanted 
Well , my price range is a 5,000 dollars to 7,000 dollars , I'm looking for a marquise cut on the wide band 
You have good taste . Let my show you what I have 
Hi . How can I help you 
I ’ m looking for a job . Are you hiring 
Yes , we are . What position are you looking for 
Superintendent 
I ’ m sorry . The application for this position has closed 
Do you have any other positions available 
We have only one position open 
What is it 
Gas Meter Reader . This is a wonderful job for the right person , regular hours , no night shifts , no supervisor behind you , and good pay 
Can I apply for it right now 
Sure 
Are you watching another news report about the war 
Yes . The two sides declared a short ceasefire but it broke down earlier today . Several military target were destroyed by bombing . Many civilians were among the dead and wounded 
How did this war start 
Bout side claim a small area of territory . Both sides tried to build border fences and began attacking each other 
Politicians from both sides sound increasingly belligerent . Neither side wants to compromise 
Relief agencies report that many civilians are in desperate need of food and shelter . Several European countries have agreed to send aid , but are afraid that their planes will be shot down 
What do you think will happen 
Both countries are very poor . Soon they will run out of money to finance the war . Then , perhaps , they will negotiate 
It would be much simpler and cheaper if they negotiated first 
Tom . Please do not disturb me for the next hour 
Are you having a meeting 
Yes , and I don't want to be interrupted 
I understand 
You're looking rather pale , why 
I couldn't sleep well recently 
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard 
I always drink too much wine in the evening 
You shan't drink more wine in the evening 
Yes , you are right 
And you'd take some exercise every day 
Many thanks for your advice 
When could we meet to discuss the project 
I will be available on Monday or Tuesday . Choose which day is best for you 
I prefer Monday 
Good . Can you come in the morning or would afternoon be best 
Either one is OK 
Great ! When I check with the others , I will send you an exact time . When you come , be prepared to do your presentation 
I will be prepared to do my presentation 
Who would you like to see there ? Just the sub-committee or should we ask the whole committee 
Everyone needs to be there 
That will probably be best . Do you need help with directions 
I think I know where it is . Maybe you could send me directions just to make sure 
OK . We will e-mail you all the information you need tomorrow . Have a good day 
What do you think of the apartment 
I like it , but there is one problem 
What problem is that 
The faucet in the kitchen is leaking 
I don ’ t understand what the big deal is 
That leak is a problem for my water bill 
What you would like me to do about it 
The leak must be fixed 
I won ’ t be able to fix it at the moment 
I will not rent the apartment with that leaking faucet 
If that ’ s the case , then I will fix the faucet 
Thanks for understanding 
Good afternoon . I come here specially to pick up my tickets . I booked it last month.This is my reservation note 
I am terribly sorry . You didn't come to reconfirm recently.You should have come to pick up your ticket three days ago since it's an international flight , any reservation without reconfirmation within 72 hours will be cancelled 
But I have been so busy all these days.Well , is there any other ticket available ? I want the next one 
Here is the draft contract , Mr . Brown . Let's discuss the clauses to see if we agree on all of them . Then I will make out an original of the contract . After that , what's left is to fill out the contract and sign our names 
That's OK 
The contract is to be written in Chinese and English . Both languages are equally effective 
Fine . If you'll excuse me , I'd like to go it over first . ( After about 15 minutes ) Hmm , you've done a pretty good job . It's well prepared 
Thank you 
Well , I suggest that we discuss only the clauses and points where we have different opinions just to save time 
That's a good idea 
First , let's read Clause Two about packing . It's our usual practice to ship our products in containers . That'll save time and money , but your contract stipulates the use of wooden cases . So , we'd like to have the words containers are allowed in the contract 
Agreed 
For shipment , you know we are producing a complete set of equipment for you and it won't all be finished at one time . So would you allow us to make partial shipments 
I understand your position 
Hey , sorry to be late 
What happened to you last night ? You didn ’ t show up 
My mother was ill . I had to look after her 
I ’ m so sorry to hear that 
May I have a cookie 
Help yourself 
Can you direct me to some fresh produce that's on sale 
Well , we've got some great mangoes on sale 
Mangoes ? What are mangoes 
Well , it's a fruit with a big seed in it 
Can you eat the seed 
No . Peel the skin with a sharp knife , and throw out the seed 
Well , how much are they 
Well , they're on sale today for only $ 1 each 
Can you describe their taste 
They usually taste sweet , but they remind me of an orange 
How can I tell if they're ripe 
You can buy them either ripe or unripe . Unripe ones are hard 
Where do they grow mangoes 
The ones that are on sale are from Central America 
Come in and sit down , Jack.Now , what's the trouble 
I've got a terrible pain in my stomach , Doctor 
I see.When did it start 
It started yesterday . I didn't eat any supper 
Have you got a temperature 
I think so . I feel very hot 
Let's see.Yes.You ' Ve got quite a high temperature 
I've got an awful headache , too , and my throat hurts 
Hm .. I think you ' Ve got the flu 
Is it serious 
No , not at all , but you must stay in bed for three days and take this medicine 
How often must I take it 
Three times a day after meals 
Thank you , Doctor 
do you have any plans for dinner tonight 
no , I was thinking of putting a frozen pizza in the oven or something . How about you 
I was thinking maybe we could make dinner together tonight . What do you think 
I'm absolutely useless at cooking 
I could teach you how to cook something healthy . Frozen pizza are so bad for you 
I know they aren't good for me , but they are cheap , convenient , and fairly tasty 
I recently saw a piece for spicy chicken curry in a magadize . Maybe we could try that 
yeah , why not . Do you have all the ingredients 
I bought all the ingredients this morning , so let's start 
what do we do first 
first , you need to wash the vegetables and then chop them into little pieces 
ok . Should I heat the wok 
yes . Once it gets hot , put a little oil in it , add the vegetables and stir-fry them for a few minutes 
what about the chicken 
that needs to be cut into thin strips about 3 cm long and then it can be stir-fried on its own until its cooked through 
how about the rice 
I'll prepare it . Do you prefer white rice or brown rice 
white rice , please . None of that healthy brown stuff for me 
It's time to graduate and it's time to find a job . Susan , why do we need to find a job 
We need to work is because we need money to live . We need money for food and clothes and to pay for house . We need money for many different things , and only when we work , we can earn money . And work can also help us feel that we are useful 
But you know it's hard for a new graduate to find a god job right now 
Yes , it is really hard . But you must believe that you will find a suitable job finally . When you work , you can accumulate a lot of experience . Besides , you need to learn a lot of things while you are working 
I've been fed up with study 
But whether you like it or not , there ’ s a trend of life-long study to make sure that we can keep ourselves up with the high developing society . And you need to accept this concept positively 
Oh , my . Why there are still so many things to learn after graduation 
You have no choice , so you'd better adjust your thoughts to be ready to learn anything at any time 
How do I look in this new dress 
You ’ d better change it . It ’ s ugly 
How about this one 
It ’ s really elegant and it fits you really well 
Our factory locates at a village in the east of the city . The area of it is 3,600 square meters 
We'd like to visit the factory . Can you show me the way 
That's OK ! We'll take you to have a tour . Please follow me 
How many shifts are there in your factory 
There are two shifts now in total 
What about your company's QC management 
We established the strict QC standards and we have followed it for about five years with good results 
Where are the workers from ? From the villages nearby 
Most of them live in the city . We provide free commuter buses for the workers . Besides , we built the dormitory building for the workers on night shift 
It sounds nice . We can't wait to visiting the factory 
Albert and I need a lot of things to furnish our house.But I don't know where the best place to shop is . Can you give me some advice 
Sure , Carolyn . I'm happy to help you.What kinds of things do you need right now 
Well , we have most of the furniture already.We mostly need kitchen utensils , bathroom accessories , cleaning and laundry accessories--things like that.And Albert wants to set up a little off
Well , as for Albert , he should go to an office supply store.There ' s a very good one called Office Depot . They have everything he will need.And their prices are good too . It's very convey
Can I write that down 
Sure , it's spelled Office and then D - E - P - O - T.It ' s in the Yellow Pages 
Thanks 
And as for the kitchen things , do you want very high quality 
What do you mean 
I mean , do you want the best quality , or do you want good prices 
Probably good prices . You know we will only be in America for about a year 
Then I suggest you go to K-Mart or Wal-Mart 
What are those stores 
They are very large , discount department stores.That means their prices are very good.And you can find everything you need for the kitchen or bathroom 
Even silverware 
Yes , everything.They don't have the most expensive brands , but their quality is usually decent.The main thing is , they have good prices , and they are very convenient 
I have a friend that said something about a place called Price Club.Do you know about that 
I have never shopped there , but I think Price Club is a kind of membership store 
What does that mean 
That means you have to pay a membership fee to shop there . I have heard they have very good prices on electronics 
Electronics 
Yes . Like stereos and televisions 
How much is the membership fee 
I'm not sure.But if you are only going to stay a year , I don't think Price Club is good to join.They have great deals occasionally.They are very good for people who like to buy new things all
I see . Thanks for these tips . We really need to buy a lot of little things 
I know how it is . Moving is very troublesome 
Hello , welcome to IBA . What can I do for you 
Do you offer a safety deposit box rental service here 
We certainly do . May I ask you the purpose of the rental 
I'd like to put some valuables inside , you know , documents and jewellery , things like that 
I see . We have various rental periods . How long would you like to rent it for 
What rental do you offer 
You can choose a short-term or yearly rental 
I'll have to ask my wife how long she'll need it for as it is mainly for her belongings . I'll come back after we have discussed it . Thanks for your help 
There are some things I miss . But I love Chinese food.And I think the people in Taiwan are really hospitable.Besides , I grew up in Los Angeles , so I'm used to living in crowded places.Why are you going to America 
I'm going to New York to visit my sister . She is in art school . I've never been to New York before . I'm kind of scared 
Why 
Well , I know a lot of people have guns there . I think maybe it isn't too safe 
Don't worry about it.Your sister lives there . She probably knows the places in town you shouldn't go.It ' s true there are some dangerous places in big American cities.But if your sister lives there , she must know the city pretty well already 
Yes , I'm not really scared . Maybe only a little 
Don't believe what you see on TV . You will have a good time in New York.What things do you want to see 
I want to see the museums , and I want to shop a lot 
The museums are excellent . And the shopping ! Well ! I'm sure you'll spend a lot of money there 
Hmm . I hope not 
What do you like to do in your spare time 
I like playing chess 
Do you have any hobbies besides playing chess 
I'm afraid not 
Do you have any hobbies like playing tennis or things like that 
Oh , yes . I like playing basketball 
Can you tell me why you like it 
Because I like the feeling of cooperating with others 
Hi , I'm home ! Can you double that recipe ? I ran into an old friend after work and invited him for dinner 
No problem . Who is it ? Anyone I know 
I don't think so . Do you remember Bob Gain from Tulsa 
That name doesn't ring a bell . But tell me more 
He was on the diving team with me in high school and saved my life one day 
Well , I'll have to personally thank him by making him my famous chocolate cake 
You're glad he saved me , huh 
Absolutely ! Bob and his whole family are welcome here any time 
Jim , I heard you ’ Ve bought a new computer 
Yes . Look , it is on my desk 
Your office looks different with a computer . By the way , is it difficult to use a computer 
Not at all . It ’ s a piece of cake 
A piece of cake 
Yes . It ’ s easy and convenient to use a computer . But it takes a long time to really master it 
How can I tell her about this 
Don't worry , you'll find a way 
There is no need to be so frustrated 
How can you live without job in the future 
Don't worry , you'll find a way 
You really should stop smoking , you know 
I know . I know . I don ’ t smoke too much , though 
How many cigarettes do you smoke a day 
About a pack , more if I drink 
Wow . You ’ re really a heavy smoker 
No , I ’ m not . My father smoked two packs a day for forty years 
He died of lung cancer , right 
Yeah ... you ’ re right . I really should stop smoking 
How can I get my driver's license 
Have you taken your driving test yet 
I have yet to take my driving test 
Okay , first I'm going to need you to fill out the paperwork 
When can I take my test 
You'll have to make an appointment for that 
I would like to make one right now 
How does Friday sound 
That would be great 
What time would you like to take the test 
If I could do it in the morning , then that would be good 
Eleven o'clock on Friday morning . See you then 
Could you please tell me how I can go job-hunting in the web 
Generally speaking , job seekers can enter the websites either of job agencies or of some units for job advertisements 
How should I contact them 
You can e-mail your application materials for application to the websites of job agencies for enrollment in their database 
Can I get a quick reply from the sites 
Yes , usually it takes a short time , but you have to await the choice of the units for a while 
I want to buy three tickets . What's the entrance fee 
$ 10 per person 
Here are $ 30 . By the way , where can I find a guide 
Turn to the next window and they will help you find one 
Thanks a lot 
What's your products ' competitive edge 
You have probably noticed that our products ' prices are competitive . Besides . we can provide more superior products than other companies at the same price 
We need your detail explanation 
It means that if you place a big order , we usually allow 15 % for a trade discount . And our products feel more slip , colorful and faddish than others . You can have a look 
It sounds good , and how about its quality ? We only look for the best 
We always sell the best . You can believe us at this point 
OK ! How long dose it take you to deliver if we order 1000 pieces of silk 
Within 2 weeks once we receive your orders 
Can you tell me the price for a bus pass 
It costs $ 65 to buy a monthly pass 
Is there a cheaper bus pass 
There are student passes 
For how much 
It doesn't cost anything for the pass 
It's absolutely free 
The monthly sticker costs you 
How much is that 
Each month it'll cost $ 24 for a new sticker 
Let me get the student bus pass 
Let me go get it for you 
Have you finished washing clothes 
I've finished my white clothes . I need to wash the rest 
Well , when you do your darks , can you wash some of mine too 
I can do that . Is there a special way you want them washed 
They need to be washed on the gentle cycle 
Do you have a lot of clothes that need to be washed 
There aren't many clothes , is your load big 
My load isn't that big 
If it's a problem , you don't have to do it for me 
I can do this for you . Don't worry 
I greatly appreciate this 
Don't mention it 
Have you bought your bus pass yet 
I didn't get it yet 
Well , why not 
I have no idea where to get it from 
You should've just asked me 
Well then , where do I get it 
You can get it from the student business office 
I didn't know that 
I know you didn't 
I appreciate you telling me 
No problem 
I'll make sure to get it tomorrow 
Um , hello again . Are you sure you don't want to make a purchase , sir 
I have a question 
Hush ... OK . What is it 
Why do people like all this fancy , expensive underwear 
What kind of question is that 
I'm just curious . I think women are beautiful without this stuff 
Uh ... yeah , right ..
Hey Jimmy . Let's go workout later today 
Sure . What time do you want to go 
How about at 3:30 
That sounds good . Today we work on Legs and forearm 
Hey . I just played basketball earlier , so my legs are a little sore . Let's work out on arms and stomach today 
I'm on a weekly schedule . You're messing everything up 
C'mon . We're only switching two days . You can do legs on Friday 
Aright . I'll meet you at the gym at 3:30 then 
Long time no see , George 
Yes , a very long time 
What brings you here 
I'm here on vacation 
Are you going somewhere 
Yes , I ’ m off to the department store . I must buy some furniture for my new flat 
Really ? Well you ’ ll have to get there before 6pm because they close early today 
Ok . Thanks for that information 
Yeah and remember if you buy something you mustn ’ t carry it home otherwise your back will get worse 
Ok , do they have a delivery service 
Yes , but it ’ s not free , you have to pay 
Ok , I ’ ll see you later 
Which film shall we see 
There is nothing good at the moment.Let ' s do something different.Would you like to go to a concert 
Yes , I'd love to.Here is a good one , Mozart and Beethoven.It ' s on the Festival Hall.Shall we go there 
Fine ! Do you want anything to eat now 
No , I'm not hungry 
Well , let's go and have something to drink instead . I know a good place . It's a little expensive , but it's fun 
Excuse me 
Yes 
I'm in a hurry . How long will it take 
About half an hour , if there's no traffic jam 
Do you think the traffic will be heavy 
I doubt it . It's not rush hour 
That's a relief 
Hello , this is Mary from the Taipei new station , what can i do for you 
Hello , Marry , this is Lin Wang , calling from network 
Hi , Mr Wang , who do you wish to speak to 
May i speak to David please 
Davids who , we have 5 Davids in the office 
Oh , sorry , David Richton 
Please hold on a minute , offer your call to Mr Richton 
Thank you 
You are welcome 
You hurt Ben's feelings 
So 
That is the most boring , typical gift in the world 
I know . But this year I want to get him an interesting tie . Like this one 
That's not exactly a conversation piece . It's so plain 
It's perfect ! It's a Dilbert tie 
The diagonal black and red stripes are really conservative though ..
But watch this ... it bends upwards , just like Dilbert's tie . There's a wire inside 
A fly-away tie ! What a riot 
You heard who won the election , didn ’ t you 
Yeah . I am so excited that Obama won 
I ’ m so happy that he did 
That man just made history 
Did you vote for him 
I sure did ! What about you 
Of course I did 
I am still in shock to know that he was elected 
I am , too 
I pray that he actually makes things better in this country 
I ’ m sure that he will 
I know he will , too 
I think you're being a little naive 
If I want , I can protect myself by paying through an escrow account , which holds the money until I receive the item 
That proves my point ! Protect yourself or you'll get burned 
eBay also offers free insurance . You can get a refund of up to $ 200 if you're not satisfied with your purchase 
$ 200 ? If they get a hold of your credit card number , you're going to be out a lot more than $ 200 ! I had a friend who ..
How much can I change 100 dollars for 
What kind of currency do you want 
How much will it be in Chinese currency 
That's 680 Yuan 
Excuse me , I'm looking for the airport bus stop . Do you know where it is 
Here it is 
When does the bus come 
You just missed one 
How about the next one 
In an hour 
Isn't there an earlier one 
No , they come every hour on the hour 
Thank you very much 
You are welcome 
Hey , what sort of drinks do you want ? Gatorade or water 
Gatorade . It ’ s rich in Vitamin and it gives us energy and vitality 
Yes , that ’ s the exact thing we need . One for each 
What should we do , now with Jack out of the game 
We should choose from the backups 
That ’ s right . Spraining the ankle and breaking the leg are the common things during the match 
That ’ s why we should learn to protect ourselves . Otherwise , the game is not worth the candle 
That ’ s for sure . During the back court , we should change the position we played 
Yes , I played shooting guard , I like shooting and you ’ ll play inside , OK 
I agree with you . I think we ’ ll play much better than before 
Wow , the cheer-section is coming . The music is so fantastic 
Yeah , look how passionate they are ! Are they professional 
Well , you should ask your friend . You know I ’ m not the boss . Just kidding 
Oops ! I almost forget about it . Do you see the girl in the middle of the first line 
Yeah , what ’ s up 
Don ’ t you think she looks like your daughter 
I also have a doubt . Oh , kill me softly , she is May 
Good morning ! May I help you 
Yes . My wife and I are interested in renting a house for the summer 
Do you want a furnished house or an unfurnished one 
Furnished 
Very well . How long do you want the house ? All summer 
No , not all summer . Just for six weeks 
I'm afraid I can only rent it for two months 
My holiday is only six weeks , but I think my brother and his family would take it for the other two weeks . Is the house in good condition 
Yes , it is . It was just painted and it has all the modern conveniences 
What did you learn at the workshop you went to yesterday ? Do you think it was worth the investment to go 
Yeah , I really got a lot of the session . The workshop topic was resolving personal problems . It was led by a professional human resources director . The teacher had a lot of experience , and I think we were all given a really good base to start with 
The workshop was only one afternoon long , do you really think you can learn that much in only a couple of hours 
It depends on the topic , the teacher , and the way the course is set up . Yesterday , even though we only had a short time to discuss the issues , the workshop got us all thinking . We learned some very basic , but very useful methods of dealing with personnel issues 
Sounds like you really learned a lot 
I did ... I just hope I can implement all these great ideas that we shared 
Have you heard my good news 
You haven't told me anything yet 
I got a promotion at work earlier this week 
Is that right 
It's the truth . I am really happy 
Congratulations on your promotion 
Thank you very much 
I am really excited for you 
Are you really 
I'm serious . You deserved this promotion 
Is that what you really think 
Yes , I do 
Hello , Oriental Hotel 
I ’ d like to speak to marked Baker , please 
I ’ m sorry , Mr . Baker ’ s not in . May I take your message 
Yes , tell him Mr . Cook called and ask him to return my called as soon as he back 
Alright . Mr . Cook , I have Mr . baker called you back as soon as he gets here 
Thank you for coming so quickly 
No problem . What ’ s wrong 
A pipe in my apartment is leaking 
Where is the pipe 
The pipe is in my bathroom 
Can you tell me how long the pipe has been leaking 
The pipe has been leaking for a couple days 
You do realize that I will need to rip down your wall to get to the pipe , right 
Yes , I ’ m aware of that 
Is that all right 
I just need the problem fixed 
I ’ ll get started on it now 
How much did you pay for the TV 
200 bucks 
200 bucks for a piece of junk like that ? That's a ripped-off 
What do you mean 
It's not worth it 
Oh , I guess I really did get ripped off 
How much did you bid 
Eighty-five dollars . If my bid is the highest after three more days , I win ! It's fun 
We'll see how much fun it is after they take all your money ! 
But they won't ! I checked the seller's history , and he got good reviews from other buyers 
What if he had his friends fake the reviews 
You are so paranoid ! Not everybody is a crook , you know 
May I have 5 tokens ? Here is the money 
Here you are 
I am going to the Central Park . Which train should I take 
Take the number 5 train and get off at the United Squire 
Thank you 
Do you want to buy a sweater 
Yes . Which one is the latest 
The cowl-neck pullovers are new in . It sells like hot cakes 
It's my style . Will it be resistance to balling 
Of course . The brand is Bird and it's famous for its quality 
Do you have coffee shops in China , too 
Yes , of course . There are many tea houses and bars in China , too . People can drink , eat and relax at these places 
You like to go to these places , don ’ t you 
Yes , sometimes the music there is so beautiful . It is very romantic . I can stay there for hours 
Do you often go there alone 
No , I often go there with my friends 
What time's your flight 
It's at 7:30 a . m 
I really need to apply for a driving permit 
Do you have your ID with you 
I may have left my ID in my car 
Well , I need your ID and $ 27 
I'll go get it really quick 
Please hurry 
Here it is 
Thank you very much . Please fill out this paperwork 
I need to use a pen 
Here you go 
Thank you very much 
Thank you . Now turn in your application at Window B 
Can I help you 
Yes , I'd like to have a look at the 2 - piece suit 
What size do you wear 
Middle size
Then please look at this suit 
Does this suit come in other color 
Yes , we have some in blue , green , black and brown 
How much is the brown one 
US $ 138 
Then I'll take it 
Telco Mobile , how can I help you 
Yes , I ’ d like to activate my voice mail service please 
Certainly sir , we currently have a special promotion where we include voice mail services , call waiting and also three way calling 
Sure that sounds great ! Are there any other fees 
Not at all . No hidden fees or surcharges , it is a flat monthly rate 
Perfect . I also wanted to know if there is any call forwarding service ? I am usually out of town and would like my calls to be forwarded to a local number 
Yes of course . We can activate all these services in about an hour 
Well , Miss Li , it's time for us to say good-bye to each other 
Yes , I suppose we must . I have enjoyed all these days that you have spent with me , and I'll always remember them . I've learned a lot from you . Thank you for all your kindness 
I'm glad you could come to see us off . I have enjoyed your interpreting . You have done a wonderful job . I hope you be my interpreter again next time I'm here 
I hope so , too 
It's hard to tear myself away from your friendly people and your ancient country , but nothing lasts for ever . I have to go back home this time , but I'm sure I'll return very soon 
I'm really glad to hear that
Good-bye . Miss Li , say hello to your husband and your son for me . See you soon 
Good-bye , Mr White . A happy journey home , and hope to see you again soon 
This small town has many serious problems 
What's the cause 
The mayor and high officials practice cronyism and a large number of guys who are good at nothing occupy many important positions 
I see why it lags behind other towns 
Hi . are you new here 
Yes . I moved here last week 
I'm Steven , your neighbour 
I'm Charlie . Nice to meet you 
Nice to meet you , too 
Since we live in the same neighbourhood , maybe we can help each other from now on 
I guess so . I live next door but one , and hope you'll drop in now and then 
Thank you . I will 
Good afternoon , sir . Would you like a tea 
I'd rather have a cup of coffee 
Of course sir , would you like milk and sugar with that 
Yes , please . Milk and two sugar 
I really feel like eating a salad 
What kind are you going to make 
I'm really not sure 
I really like Caesar salads 
Caesar salads are pretty good 
What kind of salad do you want to make 
I want a salad with some chicken 
I love chicken salads 
I like my salads to have croutons , almonds , and shredded cheese 
That sounds really tasty 
You should make a salad like that 
I think that I will 
I am afraid the label is not quite suitable for this locality . Could you quote us for the order with neutral cases 
I am afraid not . We usually design the label ourselves . You know we should be responsible for the brand labels of our goods 
In that case , we'd like you to make some changes in the labeling 
What are they 
First , the languages on the label should be in both English and French . Second , the red color doesn't suit our national customs . Could you print the label in some light colors such as yellowish or bluish 
That can be easily done . Is there anything else 
The brand name and the nice artwork need not be changed , but the net weight must be placed on the lower part of the panel 
We'll get the factory to meet your requirements 
Thanks for your help 
Well , it was nice meeting you 
Yes , I hope we meet again 
Sure , I'll give you a call 
Okay 
Look at this fair . This is my first chance to be involved in the fair . It is so gorgeous and amazing 
I felt dizzy when I stare at those shining lights . What should we do firstly 
Now we should design our booth . Do you know the number for our booth , B 
Let me see the notice . It is here . Our booth number is E108 . Good number 
Lucky number . Find its location now 
We can also consult some from these volunteers 
Here it is . Well , remember to have our cards on to tell every visitor where we come from 
Should we put our samples on this table 
Yes , they should be put in the most attractive place , and this can appeal to passers-by's attention 
Jennifer , would you like to have dinner with me 
Yes . That would be nice . When do you want to go 
Is today OK 
Sorry , I can't go today 
How about tomorrow night 
Ok . What time 
Is 9:00 PM all right 
I think that's too late 
Is 6:00 PM OK 
Yes , that's good . Where would you like to go 
The Italian restaurant on 5th street 
Oh , I don't like that Restaurant . I don't want to go there 
How about the Korean restaurant next to it 
OK , I like that place 
What can I do for you today 
I need to return a book 
Can I do anything else for you 
I would also like to check out this video 
Is that all 
Yes , just the video 
May I see your library card 
Here you go 
You have to take care of this video 
Oh , I will 
You will be fined if you damage it 
I understand . Thank you very much 
I need a suggestion for a restaurant here in Manhattan 
Certainly ! How much are you planning to spend on dinner , sir 
My date's very sophisticated , so I'm sure she would expect nothing but the best 
May I suggest our own hotel restaurant ? It got three stars in the latest restaurant review 
No , thank you , I want to go out on the town . What other ideas do you have 
There's always Gramercy Tavern . They have live jazz . The food is delicious , but very expensive 
That sounds like a good place to take a date . Can you make a reservation for me 
As you wish , sir . You'll have a wonderful time there 
I would like to make an appointment for a project meeting 
Of course , I have Monday or Tuesday available . What day would be best for you 
I would like to meet on Monday 
Very well then . Are mornings or afternoons best 
I want to come in the morning 
I will have my assistant check my calendar and get back to you with the exact time . Can you bring me an outline of the project when you come 
Yes , I can bring the outline when I come to the meeting 
Do you think that we should include the entire committee in the meeting or just our sub-committee 
I think that we should have just the sub-committee 
OK then , I will make the arrangements for them to attend . Do you know how to get there 
No , I need directions , please 
Fine , we will make sure that we send you all of the information that you need . See you there 
Good morning , miss 
Good morning , sir 
Could you tell me please where can I find a currents exchange 
Right here , how can i help you today , sir 
I'd like to exchange 5000 Singapore dollars into the US dollars please 
Do you have an account this bank , sir 
Yes , here is my account number 
May i please see ID 
Sure , here is my passport , by the way what is the rate today 
Today's rate is 2.57 Singapore dollars for 1 US dollar , here is your money , sir.Please count it and sign your name here 
Yes , it is the credit demand.Where can I cash travellers ' cheques 
You can cash them here , how much do you want to cash 
900 dollars 
How would you like it 
I need 8 hundreds and the rest in 10s please 
Ok , here you are 
Thank you , have a nice day 
Thank you , have a good day 
You wouldn't believe what happened to me today 
What 
The teacher asked me to make a speech in English class and I wasn't prepared . He punished me by making me stand in front of the whole class . It was so embarrassing 
How much should I pay 
Let me see . A roasted duck is $ 25 . A plate of pork is $ 6.50 . A bowl of beef is $ 7 . Two bottles of beer are $ 4 . That's a total of $ 42.50 
Here is $ 50 . Keep the change , please 
Oh , sorry sir . We take no tips here . Thank you all the same 
How can I help you 
Yes , I am James Mason from Anderson and Associates . I would like to see Mr . Smith 
Do you have an appointment 
Yes , he knows I'm coming . Our meeting is set for 2 o'clock 
I wonder if Mr . Smith forgot your meeting . I am afraid he left this office this morning and is not expected back until after 4 pm . Let me find out if he made arrangements for someone else to meet with you in his place . Will you please have a seat 
Sure 
Yes , Mr . Mason , I just checked with our office manager , Ms . Terry , she said Mr . Smith briefed her on your project . She is just finishing up a meeting now . She could be with your shortly . Would you like me to show you around while you are waiting 
That would be very nice . Thank you 
Right this way , Mr . Mason . We can start with our front office . When Ms . Terry is ready , you may take the elevator at the front to the 6th floor . There is a conference room already prepared
Hello , Kate 
Hi , Peter . I didn't see you last night . Where did you go 
I was almost on line the whole night 
Did you play network games the whole night 
No , I listened to the music , too 
What are you going to do now 
I'm tired . I need a rest 
Hello , thank you for taking the time to interview me 
Hi there , I ’ m Bill Gotcha , the owner of Gotcha Enterprises . Did you find your way here OK 
Your assistant gave wonderful directions 
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career 
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States 
What are you best at 
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems 
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills 
I don ’ t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy 
That is good to hear 
Mrs . Smith , you are always worried about your children 
They are my own flesh and blood . It ’ s hard for me to see them suffering 
That ’ s human nature 
Do you have any particular conditions that you would like our firm to take into consideration 
Yes . My house is far away from here . May I ask for an apartment 
No problem . We can offer you a flat with two bedrooms and a living room 
That ’ s great . If you don ’ t mind my asking , does your company give bonuses 
You ’ ll get bonuses at the end of each year according to your achievements . Besides , we offer you 1 % commission on all your sales 
Oh , just one more thing , could you give me some idea about holidays 
You can have Saturdays and Sundays off . In addition , you may have a paid month vacation every year . But when it is necessary , we do expect you to work overtime . Does it suit you 
No problem 
If you are satisfied with the conditions here , please sign this contract and give it to me 
OK 
Hey man ! How ’ s it hanging 
Hey man ! Everything is just groovy baby 
Did you go to the roller rink on Saturday ? I heard it was far out , man 
I wanted to , but I ran into this foxy lady that just moved to my block ! I was chatting her up a bit and then we mellowed out at her place 
Right on , right on ! Well , Jim went to the rink with Sherry and he said it was dy-no-mite ! He was low on bread , but Sherry paid for everything 
Gravy ! Jim is such a jive turkey man . He is always hitting me up for cash . Anyway , you wanna book and go grab some grub 
Yeah man , I ’ m starving 
You look great today . And so beautiful . I love your elegant haircut 
Thanks . Wendy . There will be an important dinner party tonight . So I must make me the focus of my friends 
We have some quality-control problems . Mr . Zhang . We need to go to the source to work them out 
What problems are you having exactly 
The complaint rate for our new product line is very high , almost eight percent 
That is high 
Yes . We keep finding problems when testing the sound boards 
But your promotional materials claim the broads are the least expensive of their types on the market 
The least expensive , but still fully functional . And we think that your factory needs to take measures to improve quality-control 
That will involve additional expenses for us , which we will have to pass on to you as a rate hike 
I am afraid that is not acceptable . Your contract says that you will deliver a product with a reject rate of less than six percent 
Well . I will tell you what , Mr . Li . I will review the contract and talk with management . Then we will get together and hash this out 
So Vicky , how long have you held your present position 
I ’ Ve been a secretary for two years , before that I was at university 
And how do you like working for IBM 
It ’ s challenging , I feel I have learned a lot 
What ’ s strength do you bring to the job 
I get along well with people , and I enjoy working with others 
That ’ s good . We always need team players here 
I am kind of nervous 
Nervous ? Why 
I don't know . I never went to a church before . I was not raised as a Christian , so I don't know what to do 
Don't worry . You don't have to do anything.All you have to do is listen . You will enjoy it 
Maybe . I know I agreed to go with you , but now I don't feel right about it 
Listen , Ryan.Catholics welcome people who aren't Catholics to visit the church.You don't have to pretend to be Catholic . It's okay if you just come to listen 
Really 
Yes . We are kind and welcoming people.It is not a secret society or something like that 
Alright . But will we sing 
Yes , but you don't even have to sing . If you want to sing along , you can 
I don't know the words 
There is a songbook . All the words are in the songbook.Many people have to read the words 
And will I go up to the front to have the bread and wine 
No . That is something only true Catholics do.So if you come to the church as a visitor , you only listen to the service.But you shouldn't go up to the altar for the bread and wine.Only after someone joins the church , then they go up for the Eucharist 
Eu-char-ist ? What is that 
That is the special word for the ritual of the bread and wine.The Catholics call it the Eucharist 
It doesn't sound like an English word 
It's not . It's an ancient Greek word . It means gratitude 
Alright . Well , I feel more comfortable now.Now I understand I am welcome as a visitor 
Of course you are . I wouldn't ask you otherwise 
I lost my wallet 
I'm sorry , that's bad luck 
How do you know ? I thought Taiwanese people didn't have garage sales 
You're right . We're not really into used stuff 
Well , I've grown to like second-hand things . I wouldn't have gotten through university without them 
There aren't many places that sell used things in Taiwan , besides auction websites 
I use those sites . Hey ! Let's go check out a flea market later 
Great ! I can teach you men a thing or two about shopping 
The last thing I want to see is to lose face before my friends 
That ’ s really unbearable 
But you know , things cannot always go as you expect 
So get prepared for everything 
Will you help me take these things to the car 
OK , which car do you want me to put them in 
Bring them to my wife's car 
Which one is hers 
The blue SUV in front of the Honda 
What should I take first 
That chair over there , but please be careful with it . It was a gift from my mother-in-law 
Don't worry , I won't drop it . Wow , it's really heavy . I don't think I can move it by myself 
Let me help you with that . I don't want you to hurt your back 
Where are you taking all this stuff 
Didn't I tell you ? We're moving to Florida 
You're moving now ? I knew you were moving , but I thought you said you were moving next month 
Yes , that's true , but my wife found a new apartment on the Internet the other day and she wants to move right away 
Where are you going , Jane 
I'm going to the hospital to see Susan 
I saw her yesterday.She was a little better 
Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there 
No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital 
Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they 
Yes . I caught a number 7 bus yesterday , and they said I had taken a wrong bus 
Thank you , Henry . I'll get a number 13 
But number 13 buses leave from the center of town.You ' ll have to walk two miles to catch one 
Farmington ? Would you take a look at these catalogue ads that Roger did ? I don ’ t think we can use them 
Hmm . I see what you mean . Have you spoken with Roger ? He usually does better work than this 
I know , Mr . Farmington . But , I ’ m not sure that I should bring this up with him . I think it would be better if you spoke to him 
All right . Leave these ads with me . I ’ ll speak to him this morning 
Next , please . Where to , sir 
A one-way ticket to Chicago , please 
How many did you say , sir 
One adult , please 
That will be six dollars . Out of ten-seven , eight , nine , ten . Thank you 
You know who won the election , right 
I ’ m still shocked that Obama was elected 
I couldn ’ t believe it , either 
He just made history 
I hope you voted for him 
Of course I did . Did you 
I made sure to vote for him 
I am really excited about this 
I know how you feel 
Hopefully , he ’ ll change things in our nation 
I know that he will 
I trust him 
May , is this the Hall of Ancient China 
Yes . Look at these historical relics here , amazing 
Why are they all in glass boxes 
For protection . Some relics will turn to dust if exposed to air 
So there isn't air in the glass boxes 
No , there isn't . They are all vacuumed 
I wonder how old these things are , thousands of years 
Yeah , they all come from a very ancient time 
Hey , look at the three-leg cup . I've seen it on TV 
The bronze cup was made 4,000 years ago . It's priceless 
Yeah , it has no value at all . Who will use this cup today 
Danny , priceless means so valuable that you can't put a price on it 
Oh , it does 
You seem to very busy these days . What are you doing 
I am swapped with work after 10 - day holiday 
Where did you spend your holiday 
I went to Paris 
I saw on TV that there is an entertainment item , bungee in Beijing Longtanhu Park . Except that the height is not exiting enough 
You say how high can be exciting 
The highest bungee spot in the world is located in Mount Kikicama , South Africa , which is 216 meters high . A cable car in a scenic spot in Switzerland is 160 meters high 
I know that Frenchmen installed the Bungee cord between two tall buildings 
It is said that Bungee was originally a grown-up ceremony of the indigenous people of New Guinea . People stood on branches of the tree , which was over 30 meters high . Their feet were fastened with canes and they jumped off from where they stood . When they almost reached the ground , they suddenly stopped to prove their bravery and express that they were able to endure the hardships of life independently 
Luckily there is no such kind of ' grown-up ceremony ' any more 
How many foreign languages can you speak 
Only English 
What do you think of your English 
I have passed CET - 6 and I am proficient in reading and translating foreign materials . I have rich translating experience because I used to be an English translator 
Can you speak English fluently 
I have received an oral English training and I can communicate with others fluently 
Did you take TOEFL or GRE 
Yes , I did . I got 600 in TOEFL and 2 , 300 in GRE 
When did you begin to learn English 
I started to learn English when I was in primary school 
Do you think your English is good enough to do office work 
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work . I believe the amount of English I know is sufficient to work in a South Korea firm 
Have you taken the written test yet 
No , I haven't 
You should study before you take it 
I have been studying 
Why don't you take the test 
Do you know if it costs any money to take it 
Since you already paid for your permit , you don't have to pay again 
All right . Do you know if the test covers the whole book 
No , the test skips a lot of things in the book 
Did you pass it the first time that you took it 
No , I didn't , because it was pretty hard 
Well , I hope that I do well 
Well , I'm glad you're finally back . I was wondering what happened 
I feel kind of stupid 
Why 
We got lost coming back . I guess I don't really know this town yet 
You got lost . You're kidding 
No . We took a wrong turn somewhere.And Joseph doesn't know the town at all . So I started giving him directions.But I didn't really know where we were . So we got seriously lost 
You could have called 
I know I could have . But finally we asked someone where we were 
You've been gone for two hours . How could you get lost for so long 
Guess where we ended up 
I don't know . Where 
When we finally decided to ask someone , they told us we were in Grangerfield 
Grangerfield ! You were in Grangerfield ? That's a completely different town ! How could you drive to a completely different town 
I don't know.The person we asked had to give us directions to the highway to get back here 
Grangerfield is like a dozen miles away from here 
I know it is . I don't know how it happened 
Hmm , maybe I do 
What 
Maybe I have an idea how it happened 
How 
You were too busy looking at Joseph , and you weren't paying attention to the road 
Oh , that's what you think , huh 
Yes , that's what I think.Maybe the next time you go out with him to buy groceries , you'll get lost for even longer.Maybe six hours or so 
You know what , Trish 
What 
I hope so . I really hope so 
Hah , hah ! See ? I guessed right . You weren't watching the road at all 
No , I wasn't . It's kind of hard to watch the road when Joseph is behind the wheel 
Are you going to the cafeteria downstairs 
Yes 
Could you please get me a takeaway ? I have some urgent work to finish . So I don ’ t have enough time to go out for lunch 
No problem . What should I bring 
I am not picky on food . Just bring me the day menu 
Would you please show me the necklace in the window 
Is this the one you want 
No , the one next to it 
Here you are 
Thanks . What kind of stone is this 
It's a ruby . It is from South Africa . Would you like to try it on 
Yes , please . How much is it 
It costs $ 200 
It looks good . OK . I'll take it 
Tom , hi , this is Mary with Gold Star Mortgage 
Yes , Mary 
We'd like you to come to work for us 
Oh . I'm sorry but I just accepted another offer which I feel is better suited to my needs 
I see 
I really appreciate the offer , but I must decline it 
Please call us if you change your mind 
I will , good luck 
What's wrong , officer 
You do realize that you ran a red light , don't you 
I did 
You didn't see the red light 
I'm sorry for running it , but I really didn't know 
Didn't you learn that red means stop 
I know that 
Then tell me why you sped up on the yellow light 
I'm not sure 
I'm giving you a ticket for this 
I'm sorry for the misunderstanding 
Maybe you'll think about this before you decide to run another light 
Mom , I hate eating vegetables 
You don ’ t have to eat them . I don ’ t mind 
Thanks , Mom.Can I have dessert now ? I love chocolate cake 
No dessert for you unless you eat all of your vegetables 
But I don ’ t like them.It ’ s not fair 
You can have some fruits for dessert.If you eat an apple and a banana , I might let you have a small piece of chocolate cake 
Ok , actually I don ’ t mind eating peas and carrots.But I hate broccoli and cauliflower 
I'll remember that for next time.You ’ ll get extra peas and carrots , but no broccoli or cauliflower , ok 
Thanks , Mom 
Are you sure you heard right 
Yes , he is running for class president 
I don't believe you 
Take my word for it 
What's the weather like in your city 
In the summer it gets very hot.the temperature is often between 37 and 40 centigrade.when it is hot we often get rains.the winters are drier 
The summer temperature usually often reaches about 20 or25 in my city.the rain falls mostly in the winter.and we often get snow 
What are the temperatures in winter ? in my city it is about 15 or 20 degrees 
In winter temperature often falls to zero at night temperature can be below that.the streets are often icing in the morning.with high such temperatures you must get some thunderstorms 
Yeah , we do . in the middle of summer there can be thunderstorms every day usually in the afternoon . i heard your city has a lot of fog , is that true 
We do have a few foggy days in winter.but i would not say we have a lot of fogs.the sky are usually clearly over your city , are they 
Yes , they are . like i said we have thunderstorms.but each one usually only last a few hours.then the skys are clear again 
Have you ever had snow in your city 
My grandmother said there was snow once when she was a child.but my parents and i only see it outside of our city 
The river in my city sometime freeze over.people go ice-skating on it.on summer people go boating on the river.but few people go swimming because it is not very clean 
As you know , my city is on the coast.the water is also not clean.but people still go swimming all year around . i prefer to sand bath on the beach when the weather is hot in sunny 
Excuse me . would you lend me some wreckers
Until when 
Until Monday or Tuesday next week 
No problem 
And lightweight , too . It'll play for 20 hours on two AA batteries 
Cool ! The sound is great . These earphones are awesome 
And they're really safe . They'll protect your ear from sound damage 
You certainly need that . You always pump the volume up way too high 
I know . And you can also hear outside noises while you listen to music 
You're right ! So I can listen to music while riding my motorbike 
Martin 
Hi . John , it ’ s Emily . How ’ s everything 
Great , thanks . What ’ s up 
Oh , I was just thinking about getting a bite to eat . Have you had lunch yet 
May I help you 
Hi , this is Sharon in Mr . Reynolds ’ s office . One of your delivery men picked up a package here about an hour ago 
Yes , is there a problem ? Ma ’ am 
Well , it still hasn ’ t reached its destination . I wonder if you could track it down for us . Mr . Reynolds is a bit concerned 
Have you given the puppies anything to eat today 
I fed them earlier today 
Great ! Could you please bathe them later 
Okay , I'll do that later 
Thank you ! Remember that they go to the vet this Saturday 
I know . What time is their appointment 
We need to have them there at 11
I got it . I will remember 
You still have not given me those files I ’ Ve asked you for 
I ’ m sorry , Mr . Myers . I ’ Ve just been so busy today 
I really don ’ t want to hear your excuses , Janet . We ’ re running a busy office here . You ’ re going to have to keep up 
You ’ re right , sir . I apologize . I ’ ll get those files for you now 
Ladies and Gentlemen , this is the Statue of Liberty . It's one of the American symbol 
It's really spectacular 
The statue has for a century acted as a figurehead for the American Dream 
I think we can climb to the top , can't we 
Of course you can 
How did your vacation go 
I traveled the Three Gorges 
What about the trip ? Do you enjoy yourself 
Yes , we had a good time . The trip was terrific . We toured the Three Gorges by boat . Its realty exciting 
Did your boat float down the river 
Yes . There are many places where the gorge is very narrow , with steep cliffs on both sides 
Sounds dangerous 
Yes , but we have life jackets . And we got a real kick out of that 
What a thrilling trip 
Give me some glasses please , Jane 
Which glasses ? These glasses 
No , not those . The ones on the shelf 
These 
Yes , please 
Here you are 
Thanks 
Have any plans for the weekend , Tom 
Yeah , I ’ m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains 
Oh , do you go hiking often 
I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature 
It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company 
Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before 
Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike 
Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city 
Yeah , my friend and I hiked in a very wild part of the national forest 
Well , bring him along too . We ’ ll have a great time this weekend 
Thanks , I ’ ll ask him 
Which school are you attending 
I am attending Hebes University of Technology 
When will you graduate from that university 
This coming July 
What degree will you receive 
I will receive a Bachelor's degree 
What is your major 
My major is Business Administration 
How have you been getting on with your studies so far 
I have been doing quite well at college . According to the academic records I've achieved so far , I am confident that I will get my Bachelor of Business Administration this coming July 
How do you think the education you've received will contribute to your work in this institution 
I have already learned a lot in the classroom and I hope to be able to make practical use of it in your company . My specialization at the university is just in line with the areas your institute deals with . I am sure I can apply what I have learned to the work in your institute 
Here comes the birthday cake 
Wow , what a lovely cake 
Be sure to blow out all the candles in one puff 
Oh , they all went out ! Did you make a wish 
Yes , but I doubt if I get it . I've never get it 
Better luck this time 
That's right . Once the contract with Stars.com is final , we'll deal with Zina 
I can't wait to see the expression on her face when we dump her 
Don't jump the gun . She's in the driver's seat right now . You have to be patient 
Don't worry . I'm patient , but vengeance will be mine 
Settle down , Elvin . If you're not careful , you'll give our plan away . Zina's smart , you know 
My pal , you are so nervous recently . You don't need to be like that 
I am worried about that Arden will display all my drawbacks in the performance review . That will be embarrassing 
Just use your head . If you were definitely making some big mistakes , you would be informed 
I had a nightmare last night and I dreamt Arden told me that my performance fell short of his expectation . I was terrified to wake up after hearing that 
That is merely a dream . Remember , there is always room for us to have further improvement . I think we did the good job in the whole period 
I know what you are talking about . The performance evaluation process starts from the day we're hired . There is no surprise during the actual review 
Our maths teacher is rather humorous 
On the contrary , I think he's very serious 
No , not at all.His examples are really interesting 
So they're easy to remember 
Yeah , how about your maths teacher 
He's an old antique , very serious 
Bad luck , Anne 
Hey ! How about your history teacher 
She's another antique 
I'm sorry to hear that 
I want to take a photograph 
All right.Which kind do you prefer 
I like one taken half length 
That's fine 
Print shop . Seam speaking 
Hi , Sean . It ’ s Mary in Mr . Emory ’ s office . I placed an order for 1,000 bound copies of a staff manual last week 
It usually takes 2 to 3 weeks to complete a job like that 
Well , I was hoping you would do me a big favor . That was supposed to be a rush order , I forgot to tell you . I ’ m getting a lot of flak from my boss 
Judy , your husband has a really nice car 
Thanks . It's a lot better than mine , and it's new 
Where are you going 
We're going to visit my sister in the city 
I didn't know your sister lives in the city , when did she move there 
About a year ago . She lives in an apartment on 3rd street , across from the public library 
I see . It's almost 5:00 PM now , don't you think there will be a lot of traffic 
Oh , we're not driving . We're going to take the subway . The subway only takes about 20 minutes 
Yes , but it can be very crowded around this time . I always feel uncomfortable taking the subway 
I take the subway to work everyday , so I'm used to it now 
Doesn't your mother live in the city 
Yes , she's lived there for about ten years 
I remember when she moved there . Apartments were a lot cheaper then 
I know what you mean . It's hard to find anything that's reasonable now 
Have a good time . Next time you're free , give me a call and we'll go play poker 
See you later 
Mom , I just finished my paper . Can you proofread it before I hand it in 
Sure , let ’ s take a look . Sweetie , this is terrific . Your ideas are so original 
Thanks 
I can tell you worked hard on it 
I really did ! I started thinking about what I wanted to say three weeks ago 
Well , it was definitely worth all the time 
Let ’ s just hope my teacher agrees 
Is this the counter to pick up parcels 
Yes , it is 
I want to pick up my parcels 
Please show me your parcel order 
OK . Here you are 
Let me check your parcel number . Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN . Here is your parcel 
Thank you 
Not at all 
Let's start out to discuss the question of payment terms 
I suppose you know very well that we require irrevocable letters of credit payable against presentation of shipping documents 
I fully understand your position . An irrevocable letter of credit ensures that the seller gets paid in time . But , on the other hand it would add to the buying costs . We've been , after all , trading partners for 3 years and you know us well . Can't you give us D / A or D / P 
I'm afraid it has been our practice so far to insist on payment by L / C 
But on our part , our government is reluctant to approve of L / C payment for our imports . And there is the licensing problem 
I understand that . Still , I'm not in a position to help you . Maybe we could do something later when we have had more and larger deals together 
Let's get together this weekend , is that all right 
Sounds good , when 
When is it convenient for you 
Any time is fine 
Could you and your wife be ready at nine o'clock 
Please wait for us even if we're a little late 
Never mind . I'll be waiting for you 
See you then 
OK . Bye 
Could you tell me if you have ever taken a class from Dr . Miller 
Yes . Are you going to be taking a class from him 
Yes , but I have never taken his class before 
He is very interesting and challenging . Is that what you are looking for 
Yes , that's what I need 
He is really clear on what you need to learn to get a good grade . Are you willing to study hard 
Yes , I guess so 
What I really liked about him is that he was an understanding and friendly teacher . Do you enjoy that in a teacher 
Yes , I had a teacher like that before 
Did you know that he has 20 years teaching experience 
No , I didn't , but that could be a good thing 
Well , take a look at everything and figure out what is best for you . Good luck 
When I was a little boy , I had a dream of becoming a lawyer 
Your dream comes true now 
Yes , I knew I would make it 
You are really confident 
Did you tip the bellboy 
Yes , but I don ’ t think it was enough . He looked disappointed . I gave him three dollars 
That sounds about right to me , fifty cents a bag . If they think you don ’ t know better , they ’ ll try to get more 
It ’ s the same in Balloon . But I definitely think we over-tipped the cab driver . The fare was twenty dollars , and you gave him a five-dollar tip . That ’ s twenty-five percent of the total ! Too much 
I disagree . He was polite and informative , and he drove smoothly . One should reward good service 
I ’ ll sign for dinner and charge it to our room.Let ’ s see.The bill is one hundred dollars . That seems reasonable . How much tip should I leave 
Remember last month when we were in Europe ? Maybe Californians use that same system they add the waiter or waitress into the bill , so you don ’ t have to leave anything extra 
Lucy , take my picture here , OK 
Sure . Just a minute . Let me take my camera out 
What's the matter 
I'm not sure 
Is it broken 
I hope not ! Oh , I see 
What is it 
The batteries are worn down . I need replace them 
Where can we get batteries 
All photography shops carry them 
OK . Let's take a walk and look for a shop that does 
Hey daddy ! You look great today . I like your tie ! By the way , I was wondering can I 
NO 
I haven't even told you what it is yet 
Okay , okay , what do you want 
Do you think I could borrow the car ? I ’ m going to concert tonight 
Um .. I don ’ t think so . I need the car tonight to pick up your mother 
Egg ! I told you about it last week ! Smelly Toes is playing , and Eric asked if I would go with him 
Who's this Eric guy 
Duh ! He's like the hottest and most popular guy at school ! Come on , dad ! Please 
No can do ... sorry 
Fine then ! Would you mind giving me 100 bucks 
No way 
That ’ s so unfair 
I haven ’ t seen you in a while . How have you been 
Things are going fairly well . How about you 
Well , I ’ m hanging in there , but I lost my job and need to find another one quickly 
I am looking for a job myself . What were you thinking of doing next 
I am just trying to find something that will pay the bills until this bad economy passes by 
Have you gotten any interviews yet 
No , I haven ’ t been out on one interview yet 
Have you thought about the electrician program over there 
I think that I might be interested in that position 
I think we should go over there and see if we can apply for that program 
Are you ready to order 
Yes . I'll have the fresh fruit cocktail 
And for your entree 
I think I'll Ty the crisp deep-fried chicken 
May , do you mind helping me prepare for the picnic 
Sure . Have you checked the weather report 
Yes . It says it will be sunny all day . No sign of rain at all.This is your father's favorite sausage . Sandwiches for you and Daniel 
No , thanks Mom . I'd like some toast and chicken wings 
Okay . Please take some fruit salad and crackers for me 
Done . Oh , don't forget to take napkins disposable plates , cups and picnic blanket 
All set . May , can you help me take all these things to the living room 
Yes , madam 
Ask Daniel to give you a hand 
No , mom , I can manage it by myself . His help just causes more trouble 
What a lovely day . The sun is shinning and the sky is so blue . It's a perfect day to go to the beach and get a beautiful tan 
Great idea . Unlike you , I just want to enjoy watching the sea and playing with the sand . I do not want to get a tan because I look good in pale skin 
Come on . Getting a tan symbolizes health and wealth in western countries 
While the pale color symbolizes beauty and elegance in most Asia countries 
That is a really interesting fact 
I will bring a big hat and apply a lot of sunscreen before setting off the beach 
Just do whatever you feel like doing 
( At the beach ) My bag is so heavy . Let's put the stuff under the tree 
Good idea . It is always cooler in a shade 
I can't wait to play in the water . My feet are burning when I stand on the sand 
Hi , Bob ! How are you doing 
Fine ! How are you 
I'm fine too , thank you 
I've come to tell you I'm going to the concert this evening.Will you come with me ? I've two complimentary tickets 
With the greatest pleasure.Where is the concert this evening 
It will be held at the Music Hall 
What's on the program 
It's a piano recital . I'm fond of piano , you know 
Excuse me . What should be included in my CV 
Generally speaking , a CV or resume is made up of 6 parts , personal information , educational experience , practical experience , personal skills , self-evaluation and job intentions 
What kind of personal information 
Including your name , sex , date of birth , height , phone number , and so on 
Would you mind if I make a suggestion 
Of course not , go ahead 
Maybe you should try to quit smoking . You know it is very bad for your health 
Well , sure it is . Actually , I have been cutting down the amount since two months ago . I used to smoke a pack of cigarettes for a single day . Now I limit it to 6 cigarettes a day 
You have made a big progress . Quitting smoking is not an easy job . But it will be rewarding in the long run 
Thank you for your suggestion 
You ’ re welcome 
When do you celebrate Thanksgiving 
On the fourth Thursday of November 
What do you eat on that day 
People cook turkeys for Thanksgiving dinner 
Anything else 
Besides the turkeys , we'll also have other delicious food . Such as pumpkin pies , puddings , mashed potatoes , bread , a lot of fresh fruits and vegetables 
I'm almost hungry 
Do you know who that tall man is 
I don ’ t know . But he must be a big shot 
Why 
Because everyone is trying to butter him up 
Let me hold the door for you , miss 
Thank you . You're very kind 
May I help you 
Yes , I ’ m here for an interview as requested 
You are Miss Liu 
That ’ s right 
Please take a seat 
Thank you , madam 
We have received your letter and resume , and we thought we would like to ask you to come here for an interview 
It is a great pleasure for me to have this opportunity for interview 
Have you brought your credentials 
Yes , here they are . This is my ID card . This is my diploma . And this is my certificate for nurse qualifications 
Hello , can I help 
I'm from Lexington Software and I'm here to collect an export L / C 
I have it right here 
Great . Can I take it with me now ? Or do you need me to fill in some forms or something 
No , you can take it away now . I just need you to sign here 
Here you are 
Just one thing before you go , could you please prepare your documents in accordance with the L / C within the validity period 
No problem , I'll get on that right away . Thanks , bye 
Did you watch television last night , Charles 
Yes , I did 
It was a good game , wasn't it 
Oh , I didn't watch the football match . I wanted to but my wife preferred to see the old film 
What a pity . It was quite exciting . Both teams played very well 
How did it finish 
It finished in a draw . What was the film like 
It was quite good . But . I missed the beginning of it because I had to eat first 
Did your wife enjoy it 
No , she didn't . After half an hour she stopped watching and started to read a book 
Would you like to ask any questions 
I need to know about the fees 
What kind of fees 
I ’ m asking about overdraft fees 
You have to pay a small fee every time you overdraft 
What ’ s the fee 
The fee is $ 25 every time you overdraft 
How is that a small fee 
That fee should keep you from overdrafting 
I ’ ll say 
Do you have any more questions 
I don ’ t need to know anything else . Thank you 
Honey . The cottages harmonize well with the landscape.That tourist resort is worth travelling to 
I ’ m so sorry that I have got to go . I have a business appointment right now 
Did everyone fill out their entry permits 
Yes . The videographer has already started filming my parents trying to speak English with the flight attendants 
Speaking of flight attendants , they keep smiling at me . I wonder why ..
It'll be the year 2000 ! The flight attendants are coming over here . They're carrying bottles of champagne 
That's because it's time 
Time for what 
It's time to make our wedding wish come true ..
You mean get married now ? On the plane 
Why not ? I've got the rings ready 
I don't know what to say , Jack 
Hopefully , you'll say " yes " ..
How is your ankle 
My what ? Oh , that , right as a trivet 
Please be careful next time 
I will , thank you 
Mrs . Lee , I ’ Ve stayed here for almost a week . And I really must leave tomorrow 
Please feel free to stay as long as you want . You know you ’ re always welcome here 
Thank you . You ’ Ve been so nice to me 
Is there anything else I can do for you before your leave 
No , thanks . You ’ Ve done a lot for me already . Thank you for everything 
Don ’ t mention it . I ’ Ve really enjoyed your company 
I need your help , Bob 
What's the matter 
I'm really confused by these annoying abbreviations 
Just relax . That's because you're new to chat . Let me take a look 
A / S / L , IGP , H & K , and ZZZ . What the hell do they mean 
ZZZ means'sleepy or tired or bored ' , A / S / L is tricky , which is often used at first encounter . It's a three-word question , ' age , / sex / location ? 
Interesting . Then what does H & K refer to ? The city of Hong Kong 
Wrong . lt's not a place name , but a passionate act 
Really ? What kind ? A girl left this word to me , and I thought she was in Hong Kong 
Ahahah ... you miss her point for sure . H & K actually is an acronym for ' hug and kiss ' 
Hug and kiss ? ! How is it possible ? Oh , it's really bad to Miun - Verstand her meaning 
Yeah , seems that you have a lot to learn and memorize 
Hotel front desk 
Hi , I'd like to leave a wake-up call 
For what time 
Please wake me up at 6 am 
Have you seen the new Hannibal Letter movie 
Oh , yes . You 
Yes . What did you think of it 
I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it.What did you think of it 
I liked it , too . It was scary , but not disgusting . I always enjoy watching Anthony Hopkins . He's brilliant 
Mmm . That's what I thought , too . And I always enjoy watching Anthony Hopkins 
Oh , yes , he is brilliant . What's the name of the young actor 
Hum , Edward Norton , or something like that 
Yes . He was excellent . They worked well together 
Why don't you come round for a meal one evening next week 
I'd love to 
Which day would suit you 
Any day except Tuesday 
How about Thursday 
Yes , Thursday would be fine . What time shall I come 
Oh , about 6:00 . Will that be OK 
Yes , of course . Thank you very much 
See you on Thursday , then 
What did you buy at the market 
I bought some special local products 
You seem to have bought the whole market 
Yes . I really wanted to do so . I love those handicrafts , especially the paper-cut 
Paper-cuts are all hand-made . Let me see the paper-cuts you bought . They are all animals 
Aren't animals the main content of Chinese paper-cuts 
All right . Animals , especially Chinese zodiac , are the most common theme in paper-cuts . But there are other themes 
Then I will buy some tomorrow 
Why do you want to buy so much 
Because I want to send them to my friends 
I see 
Can I see your passport , please 
Is this line for non-residents 
Yes it is . Residents can queen up in the lines to my right 
Ok . Here's my passport 
What's the expiration date on your passport 
I think it's soon , maybe in a few months . It was renewed in Beijing , so the new expiry date is on the last page 
I see . Yes , you'll need to renew your passport in a few months . Make sure you don't let it expire while you are in the UK 
I won't 
Do you have anything to declare 
No , I don't have anything to declare 
How long will you be staying in the UK 
I'll be here for about a year 
What is the purpose of your stay 
I'll be studying . I'm doing an MBA at Nottingham University 
Where will you be staying 
I have a housing contract with the university . I'll be in a dorm room on campus 
How do you plan on paying for your living costs and tuition fees while you are here 
My father has already paid for that in advance . Here are the receipts 
Ok . Have a good stay . Here's your passport and documents back 
Thank you very much 
Let's have seafood tonight and then go see the new movie at Mall Cinema.Betsy told me it's a beautiful love story and I shouldn't miss it 
Oh , Goodness , please not again.That ' s what we did last week 
No , we didn't . Last week we went to see that movie about a man's struggle against mental illness 
Right , it was a chick flick , just like this one , so what's the difference ? Besides , this is the last week for the third movie in Destroyer series and I want to see that on a big screen . Action movies need to be seen in a theater on a big screen 
Oh , yeah , and I did promise to see it with you if we went to that movie last week.But you liked that movie , didn't you 
Oh , sure , it was great . I had popcorn for dinner and paid the price of a movie ticket to get a two-hour nap 
It wasn't that bad , and you're the one that insisted on skipping dinner.We went to an excellent restaurant 
That place doesn't have a single meat dish.Just fish and shellfish and you know I don't like fish that much 
And I don't like meat that much.The only meat I eat is chicken 
But when I pick the restaurant , we go to a place that has both chicken and fish . I always respect your food preferences 
Well , I suppose that , to be fair , you should get to pick the movie and we can go to a restaurant that serves meat 
Now you're talking , we can see that love story next time 
Excuse me , I'm afraid you've parked in the wrong spot 
Oh , really ? Isn't this spot C408 
No , it's D408 , my parking space . I have already paid for it 
I'm sorry , I must have been confused . I had thought it's C section , but actually it's D section . I'll move my car right away 
It's no big deal . Thank you 
May I help you 
I'd like to cash this check , please 
Do you have an account with us 
Yeah . Here's my identification card 
Do you want large or small bills 
Actually , I want to buy some traveler's checks 
What denomination 
Twenties would be fine 
Do you want the whole amount in traveler's check 
Yes , please 
Reservation , can I help you 
Yes , I would like to reserve a room for next Monday 
Wait a moment , please . Let me check it 
By the way , I want a large room 
Right now we have a suite for 4 people , do you want to book it 
Yes , that's what I am looking for . I will take the room for 2 days 
Do you enjoy going on dates 
Yes . I find dates to be a lot of fun 
What's so fun about them 
They give me the opportunity to get to know someone better 
So you always have fun on dates 
Not always . I don't always like the person I'm on the date with 
Why not 
My date may not be my type 
So then why would you ask them out in the first place 
I didn't realize until after our date that they weren't my type 
Sounds like a huge waste of time to me 
Now that I think about it , it really is sometimes 
We have a great variety of men's suits , sir.Which particular brand do you prefer 
Pierre Cardin 
How about this one 
It look fine.Can I try it on 
Which window do I go to for parcel 
Here will be OK 
I want to mail this package 
Please put it on the scale . Where are you mailing it to 
Zhuhai 
Do you want to mail it by air or sea 
What's the difference in price 
25 yuan by air , 13 yuan by sea 
How long will it take by air 
About 2 days 
Then I will send it by air , thank you 
Please fill out this form , and what's in your package 
Just some souvenirs 
OK , that will be OK 
Thank you 
I'm going to America 
Any idea when you'll leave 
I hope before the end of the month 
Let me know when you find out 
Any questions 
When will I know your decision 
Can we get in touch with you by e-mail ? Is this convenient for you 
It ’ s quite convenient 
Thank you for your interest in our company 
OK . Thank you very much 
May , could you tell me how to solve this problem 
That ’ s a secret . I couldn ’ t tell you 
Don ’ t give me your attitude . Please tell me 
Ikebana , it's an art of flowers and it's quite different from Western style flower arrangement because in Ikebana's theory you can decorate one flower , only with one flower 
What's another Japanese art 
Japanese art ? Mm , Ikebana ! Tea Ceremony 
Tea Ceremony ! Tell me about Tea Ceremony 
Tea Ceremony ! It's , there's a certain way you have to make tea , not only make tea , there's a certain way to for example wipe a bowl 
I see 
Yes , with one piece of cloth , and you need to learn how to fold the cloth so that you you use each part of the cloth only once to wipe the bowl
How do you learn that ? Is that something that your mother would teach you ? How do people learn that 
There's some professionals for both flower arrangement and tea ceremony . So you need to go to a school , yes , and learn from your teacher and their hierarchy and the organization and you need to pass each test to go , climb up the ladder in the hierarchy 
You are blue in the face , arn't you 
The cat has eaten my fish , I'll kill it 
But supposing your son killed like the fish , what do you think then 
I'll beat him 
So beat the cat , but don't kill it 
Can I help you 
I'd like the double cheese burger meal , please 
What kind of drink would you like with that 
Just coke will be fine 
Would you like a super size meal ? Only 2 RIB more , you'll get large coke and fries instead of medium . And today we are offering free toys all the meal boxes 
That sounds good , thanks , I'd like that . Actually I'd like sprite instead of coke , thanks 
That's not a problem , Miss . Will that be it 
Yes , that's all 
That will be 25RMB , please
You got it 
What do you like to do in your spare time 
I like taking photos 
Really 
Yes , look at the photos I took 
They are beautiful . You did a good job 
Thank you for saying so 
As a matter of fact , you are really a terrific photographer 
Good morning , Star Airline . What can I do for you 
I'd like to confirm a reservation , please.My name is Wang Lin . My flight is KF98 
I see . You are leaving for Berlin on July 23rd with Mr . Smith , right 
What ? I am afraid you have made a mistake , I am leaving on July 21st alone 
Isn't your family name Lin 
No.It is Wang 
I am sonry.So you are loaving on Duty 21st and your seat is in the business section 
That's right.Thank you 
I hear that the Students ' Union is going to take new members 
Really ? Can I join it 
Of course you can if you like it 
How can I join it 
There will be an information session about the Students ' Union this Tuesday . You can apply for it then 
OK , thank you 
What do you think a job is 
Well , a way to make a living , of course , but beyond that I think a job is a way of developing oneself as a person 
Where do you see yourself three years from now 
I wouldn't like to hold a specific title . I just want to enjoy what I am doing 
That sounds reasonable 
It's the most important thing to me 
Fine . What kind of relationship do you think should exist between a boss and his or her employees 
I think a company is a place to get work done . Certainly friendly , open relationships among all company employees is important , and I think an employee should be serious about his or her work responsibilities and have a professional relationship with the boss 
You'll have a definite answer from us within a week . Goodbye 
Goodbye 
How did you find your apartment 
You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing 
What if I need a roommate 
There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate 
How much do apartments cost around here 
It depends on what you want . Do you want a one - or two-bedroom apartment 
I just need a one-bedroom apartment 
That will probably cost you around twelve hundred dollars a month 
Would you come with me to look at apartments 
I would be happy to look at apartments with you 
Yeah , but you guys don't stay with the same classmates all day , right 
Right . The people in your math class might not be the people you have science with 
So , you sent out invitations to your whole graduating class 
Yep . And the date is set for homecoming night 
I thought homecoming was a high school dance 
It's a football game the school team plays at home . The dance and reunions are usually that night , too 
Room reservations . Can I help you 
Hello , is there a room available 
What kind of room do you have in mind 
A twin room , please 
Hold on , please . ... I'm afraid we're fully booked.The only room available at the moment is a suite 
Oh , I see . Thank you anyway 
I wonder if it is possible that we organize a dinner party for all the colleagues in our departments . They are working very hard these days . Maybe it is time for everybody to relax a little 
That is a good idea , I love it . What time do you think is convenient 
Well , what about this Thursday evening after we finish the weekly meeting 
Ok , I will inform everybody when they come back from lunch . It has been a long time since we had the department dinner last time . I am sure they don ’ t want to miss it 
I hope so . Let me know how many will come . Then I will book the restaurant 
Excuse me , I'd like to send this parcel 
What's in it , please 
Just a few shirts 
OK . You may wrap it now . Please fill in this form and label it . ( after a moment ) Would you like it registered 
No , I'd rather send it by ordinary mail 
Nine dollars and fifty cents 
Here you are 
Here's the receipt 
Thank you so much 
You're welcome 
You seem to be unhappy . What happened 
My mother is ill in the hospital 
What does the doctor say 
The disease fails to respond to drugs 
What happened to your car 
A tow truck was towing my car and put all those dents in my car 
Are they going to pay you for the damages 
They're saying it was already there 
What the hell . That doesn't make sense . What are you going to do 
I have to go to court . A cop was there so he can prove that the damage wasn't there 
That sucks . I'd be pissed if that happened to me 
I got an estimate and it's four thousand dollars 
Oh my gosh . Damn ... screw the court , I would burn down their store 
We'll see what happens after court 
I am looking for some information about home stay 
Well , I have been in a host home before . During my first year in the us , I stayed with a family . They are nice 
How did you pay them 
Well , that depends . If you stay for a long time . They will offer a discount 
Would you please bring us a menu 
Sure . What would you want to have today , Chinese food or western food 
Western food 
Here is the menu . Take your time 
Excuse me , is this the parcel counter 
Yes , what can I do for you 
I'd like to send this parcel , please 
What's in it , please 
Some books and newspapers 
OK . please fill in this form and label it 
Is it all right 
Yeah . And would you like to mail it by air 
No , I'd rather send it by sea 
Thirteen yuan , please . Here is the receipt and change 
Thank you 
You are welcome 
Rachel ? This is John Emory speaking 
Yes , Mr . Emory 
I ’ Ve got some bad news . All the plans sent over to the McGrath Corporation have been rejected . We ’ re going to have to start from scratch 
I thought they had already agreed to everything . That ’ s going to take weeks to rework 
Doctor , save my baby , please
What symptoms does he have 
He has had a fever for one day . Just now at home , he had febrile convulsions with teeth and fists clenched and eyes turned up . We were at a loss what to do . We called an ambulance and brought the baby here 
How long did the convulsion last 
About 3 minutes 
Does he have any other complaints 
Three days ago , he began to cough , sneeze and have a running nose . Yesterday , he began to have a fever 
Have you taken his temperature 
It was 38 ° C this morning and it was 39 ° C just now 
Let me examine him to see if there is any rash . No rash 
Is it serious ? Is it meningitis 
No , it is not meningitis . Just a high fever and convulsions , which results from a virus upper respiratory tract inflection 
Does he have to be admitted to hospital 
No . No need for admission . I'll give the baby analgia nose drops to bring down the temperature first . Then I will give you a prescription . The pink tablets are used for his fever . When his temperature is over 38 ° C , give him one tablet . The other tablets are sedatives for his convulsions . The white liquid is for the cold . Give the baby plenty of water to drink 
Thank you very much , doctor 
Can I help you 
No , thanks . I'm just looking 
I can't get into my room . I mean I left my room key inside 
I see , sir . Those two ladies in front of your room did the same thing twenty minutes ago 
Oh , did they ? Well , would you give us an extra key to the room 
I am afraid we have no extra key . So I will send somebody to your room 
By the way , what should I do with the key when I go out 
Please drop it at the front desk when you leave the hotel 
Good afternoon . I am Mr . Brown , the Import manager of Atlantic Industries Ltd , Sidney , Australia . This is my card 
Good afternoon , Mr . Brown . My name is Mrs . Anderson , manager of the sales department 
Nice to see you , Mrs . Anderson 
Nice to see you too , Mr . Brown . Won ’ t you sit down 
Thank you 
What would you like , tea or coffee 
I ’ d prefer coffee if you don ’ t mind 
Is it your first trip to the Fair , Mr . Brown 
No , it ’ s the fourth time 
Good . Is there anything you find changed about the Fair 
Yes , a great deal . The business scope has been broadened , and there are more visitors than ever before 
Really , Mr . Brown ? Did you find anything interesting 
Oh , yes . Quite a bit . But we are especially interested in your products 
We are glad to hear that . What items are you particularly interested in 
Women ’ s dresses . They are fashionable and suit Australian women well , too . If they are of high quality and the prices are reasonable , we ’ ll purchase large quantities of them . Will you please quote us a price 
All right 
Could you baby-sit for me tonight 
I'd be glad to 
Excuse me , sir . May I help you 
Yes . I have to change a room 
What's wrong 
Next door is so noisy . I can't sleep at all 
OK , I am sorry for that . We will arrange another one for you 
Look at these clothes designed by top fashion designer like Versacci , Calvin Klein , and Vivienne Westwood . What do you think of them 
Well , they look lovely , but they ’ re not very practical . I mean , would you wear that dress to the office or walking down the street 
I know what you mean . People would stare at you in amazement if you wore something like that in an everyday situation . I suppose only extravagant rich people wear them at cocktail parties 
Maybe . I ’ m not sure why they have fashion shows like this . Hardly anyone will buy those clothes . The clothes you see are nothing like the ones that ordinary people wear . It seems like a waste of money 
I think that the designers hold these fashion shows for a few reasons . First , it ’ s just like a big party . They can meet each other and network . The other thing is that it is great advertising . All the journalists and photographers are there . Thirdly , it give them a chance to show what they would like to see people wearing 
You meant it ’ s an expression of their fantasies 
Yes . I think the designers are saying that these clothes are what they would like to see people wear if those people weren ’ t concerned with what other people might think . In a way , the designers are saying ‘ don ’ t worry about what others think . Wear what you like ! ’ 
Very philosophical . I think they design these clothes more for publicity . They try to see who can be the most extreme and outrageous , but still stylish 
Come on . All this fashion has reminded me that I want to buy some clothes 
I'd like to remit 5000 dollars to my friend 
Please show me your ID card and tell me the receiver's address 
Room 20 , Suzie Building , Beijing Road , Shenzhen , China 
Ok , that's all 
Check out these wheels 
You bought a compact car 
No , I borrowed it 
Let me guess , from Sarah . It looks like something she would drive 
You guessed right . Besides , the color violet is a little girly for me 
I love it . It's so festive ! And where did you get that cup ? It's got the same logo 
Have you ever been involved in the auditing work 
Yes , I have . I was employed by the financial section of the university ever since I graduated . I worked there for 3 years . Then I had worked in a bank for 3 years 
How long did it take you to become an auditor 
Very short time . I became an auditor within three months 
There is something wrong with my credit card 
What's the problem 
There is a charge on here that I never made 
What charge was made 
It was a charge for a $ 350 purse that I never bought 
You didn't make this purchase 
I think I would remember if I made a purchase that large 
Sorry . When was this purse purchased 
It was purchased on the 12th of November at 3
We'll do an investigation and get to the bottom of this 
In the meantime , do I have to pay for this charge 
No . We'll take care of everything 
I wonder if you can help me . I'm looking for a room 
Yes . I've got a small room 
How much is it 
200 yuan a week , but smoking is not allowed 
OK.Can I see the room now 
Would you mind waiting ? I'm on the telephone 
Hello , John , please invite all our clients to the conference next week 
How should I get their contact info 
Get the clients ' contact info from my Rolodex 
Where should I put them up 
How about the Holiday Inn 
The clients like the Shangri-La Hotel more 
Well , the client is always right 
What else would I prepare , Sir 
Please print out the meeting agenda for me to look over 
Certainly 
And make sure to return my Rolodex to my desk when you are done with it 
Of course . I'm on it
What can I do for you 
I wish to buy a diamond ring 
How many carats diamond do you want 
Two carats 
Is this one suit for you 
No , it seems too old-fashioned 
What about this 
Let me try it on , it's too small for me , haven't you got any larger ones 
Yes , try this one please 
This fits me well , how much is it 
3,500 yuan 
It's reasonable . Here you are 
Sorry , I'm late 
It doesn't matter 
This is the house I want to rent 
Could you tell me the advantages of it 
No problem . First , it's comfortable and cozy . Second , it has a lovely view of the city . Third , it has all kinds of electric appliances that we need , such as refrigerator , electric stove , heating apparatus , washing machine and dishwasher . Forth is the most important , the electricity is free of charge . Finally , it's located in the center of the city and the transportation is convenient 
There is something in what you said , but what is the rent 
200 dollars per week 
In my opinion , the rent is far more expensive than that in other areas 
It certainly is . But to tell you the truth , the room is so large that I can share it with someone else , and that will decrease the total amount of the rent 
Your intention is good , but I still can't agree with you . If no one would like to share it with you , you have to pay it all by yourself 
Don't you think I can save some bus fares since it ’ s easy to go anywhere from here and it ’ s near the place where I work 
I agree with you in this way . But how often do you go to work or shopping per week 
Twice a week for work and once for shopping 
In my opinion , you have to go to the university every day , and the fare would cost you most of your living expenses if you live here far away from the university 
That's true . Ok , I will think about it 
do you believe in UFO's 
sure . A UFO is just a space vehicle from another planet . If you think about it , our space shuttles are UFOs 
I've never thought about it like that before 
I've seen photos of UFOs in America before , but they've all looked doctored up 
do you think that there's life on other planets 
I think there must be 
why is that 
I don't't think it would make sense if we were the only beings in this whole world . The world is just far too big for that 
do you think that there's intelligent life trying to contact us 
no , but we're trying to contact them 
I suppose you're right 
I think that countries are working hard to find a planet that we can live on in the future so that when global warming destroys this planet , humankind will not become extinct 
do you really think that global warming Wil destroy Earth some day 
there's a lot of evidence that suggest it will , but I don't think it's going to happen any time soon 
Jenny , I was wondering ... if you .. eh are you busy this Friday 
Yes , Friday I have a class , right after work 
Oh , what about Saturday ? Are you free then 
Saturday my parents are coming to town . What ’ s up 
What about tonight ? Do you have plans tonight 
No , do you want to go and do something 
Yes , yes , I want to take you to dinner 
Oh , that sounds great . How about 6 o ’ clock 
Excuse me . I'd like to check out , please 
Of course , sir . Did you have anything from the minibar 
No 
Ok , the total would be $ 367 and 65 cents.How would you pay 
By American express , if that's ok 
Of course , sir . Will you need taxi 
That's ok . I'm expecting a lift from my friend 
I feel very miserable . I took the death of my wife very hard , you know 
Cheer up ! Let bygones be bygones 
I ’ Ve tried it , not a chance 
It seems you have to take time 
What's the weather forecast for today 
Cloudy in the morning , overcast in the afternoon 
Any rain 
No , but I wouldn't be surprised if it rained tomorrow 
I wouldn't either . It's been looking like rain for several days 
Hello . I was wondering if Taylor Smith has checked out yet 
Just one moment . I'll check with the cancer ward desk 
The cancer ward ! ? Oh , my . It's worse than we thought 
Ma'am , I'm sorry . The cancer ward said Mr . Smith passed away two days ago 
That's impossible ! I'm talking about Mister Taylor Smith 
Yes , ma'am . He died from complications of stomach cancer . I'm very sorry 
I'm really sick 
Mary and I decided to ring the curtain down on our love affair 
What ? You have been in love for six years , haven ’ t you 
Don ’ t make a fuss . Many people divorce after having living together for many years 
What a pity 
What ’ s the matter , Sally ? You look so unhappy 
I had a bad day yesterday 
What happened 
I went to the library and lost my bag 
Your bag ? Did you get it back 
I went back for it . But it was already gone 
That ’ s too bad . I ’ m sorry to hear that 
Excuse me , is there any summer resort around the town 
As far as I know , the nearest one is next to the Willdon 
It doesn't matter . I just want to have a relax and I don't care how far it is . Can you tell me how to get there 
Yes , take the greyhound bus . It will lead you directly there 
Thanks a billion 
It seems to me that everything is going digital nowadays 
Yes . Speaking of digital wares , I bought a digital camera last week 
Cool ! What brand
A Sony . It's only one third the size of my old camera and looks rather smart 
What about the quality 
Superb ! It's a 4 megapixel one and the photos it takes are very vivid and clear 
Anything I can do for you 
Yes , I just forgot where the bed linens department is 
It's on the third floor 
Thank you 
You're welcome 
What can I get for you today 
Could I get a hamburger , please 
Would you like cheese on that 
No , thank you 
Would you like a drink 
Let me have a soda 
What kind of soda would you like 
May I have a Sprite , please 
Sure , no problem 
I would also like a bag of chips 
Will that be all 
That's everything 
Hurry up ! Time is money 
Don't build a fire under me . I know the importance of time 
But you are too slow to follow them 
Don't you see I'm trying my best 
Welcome to our factory . My name is Tiang Had and I'll show you around here.First we'll take a look at the workshop which produces food thermometers . Please , this way 
Has all the work done by men been replaced by automatic computers 
Yes , it has 
Excuse me , what is this 
This is a circuit board 
Are the batteries in it made by your people 
No , they are from other factories 
What kind of battery is it 
It is lithium which can be used for over three years 
Honey , can you set the table 
Um , sure . What are we having for dinner ? Do I need to put out anything in particular 
Well , make sure to put out the pepper and salt shakers . I don ’ t know if your brother is coming tonight so set an extra place mat just in case 
Ok , should I use the fancy silverware 
Yeah go ahead , forks , spoons and knives . I roasted some meat so be sure to put out some steak knives as well 
I ’ ll also set some cups and saucers for some coffee after dinner 
Honey ? Have you seen our soup bowls 
They are in the cupboard where you keep the gravy boat and serving dishes . Just be careful because the wine glasses are also there 
Oops 
How did you first meet 
My roommate invited both of us to dinner 
Was it love at first sight ? Did you fall in love with her the first time you met her 
Yes ! The first time I saw her I knew we would fall in love 
Tom has grown six inches within a year 
He has reached puberty . His mind and body both will change a lot 
Yeah , do you see his Adam's apple ? It becomes bigger 
Time is flying . I still remember everything when he was a child 
What did you do at that company 
I helped my boss organize some grand ceremonies and maintained close relations with newspapers , magazines , the radio and the TV 
If a consumer complains about the quality of your products , what will you do 
If I am not in the service center , I will assist others in resolving the consumer complaints . And pass the criticism on to the relevant department 
I would like to buy a bottle of cleansing milk.Can you recommend me some kinds 
Sure . What kind of skin do you have 
My skin is oily 
Then I advise you to buy the LAY cleansing milk 
Can you tell me more 
I am sorry , I have broken my wine glass , and would you please bring me another 
Sure . I will clean the glasses for you 
Thank you . Where is the washing room 
Walk straight and turn left 
Madison Suites , how may I help you 
Yes , I'm calling from Mexico . I will be in town next week and would like to know if you have availability 
OK ma'am , can you tell me the date you expect to check in 
Yes , July ninth . I will be there for seven nights 
We have a junior single suite or a superior double suite available for those dates 
What's the difference 
The junior suite is smaller and has one twin bed , while the superior suite has a double bed and mini-bar 
OK , I would like to reserve the superior suite . Is breakfast included 
Yes , a buffet breakfast is served every morning . I will need your name and your credit card details in order to complete the reservation 
Sure , my credit card number is ..
What sort of things do you grow in your garden 
I grow a variety of things , so that something is in bloom all year round 
When is your garden at its best 
It looks best in spring , when the plum and cherry blossoms are out 
May I use your phone 
Go ahead 
Hello , Helen 
Hi , Steven 
How are you today 
I ’ m very well , Thank you . And you 
I ’ m fine , thanks . How is Tony 
He ’ s fine , Thanks . How ’ s Emma 
She ’ s very well , too , Helen . Goodbye , Helen . Nice to see you 
Nice to see you , too , Steven . Goodbye 
Great party , isn't it 
Yeah , really , jane and ted always have great parties 
This is my first , I only met jane last week . she and I teach at the same school 
Oh , so you're a teacher 
Yeah , history , what about you 
I'm in the car business 
Salesman 
Yes , that's right 
Oh , I see , by the way , my name's Mary 
Nice to meet you , I'm jim taylor 
Bob was late for work this morning 
Has he been late before 
Yes , once last week 
Thanks for letting me know 
Jenny , what's your favorite color 
I like red 
Now , we're going to draw an apple in your sketch book . What do we use 
Dad , I want to draw with crayons , can I 
Why not ? Let's draw the outline of an apple with your pencil first 
good afternoon , madam . How can I help you 
well , I am a little bit out of shape . I think I should get some exercise to keep fit . what kind of service do you offer 
first of all , we'll tailor a work-out plan according to your physical conditions and your personal needs 
how can you get that done 
well , we give each of our customers a qualified personal trainer . The trainer will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the work-out plan 
what else 
since everyone is different , your personal trainer will help you find out all the exercise equipments that are suitable for you fitness level . Then you'llbe taught all the necessary techniques to us
sounds pretty good . How much do you charge 
that depends . We offer membership for one month , half a year and one year 
perhaps one month . I'll just have a try at first 
wise decision . that is 400 yuan . You'll find it's totally worth it 
OK , I'll take it 
Sir what's the boarding time 
I am sorry.The flight is late.Please go to the waiting room for further notice 
I don't want to miss my flight 
Don't worry . We will keep you well informed 
Thank you 
Oh , I am not sure I even want to look at this house 
It is a bit of a fixer-upper . Let ’ s take a look inside 
It doesn ’ t look much better inside this place 
You know , with a little elbow grease and paint , you could spruce it up a bit 
There are hardly any windows in here , and that makes it really gloomy 
Let ’ s go check out the kitchen . The printout says that it is quite large 
Look at those broken tile countertops and the peeling wallpaper 
Maybe the master suite has some redeeming qualities . Follow me , please 
What ’ s that smell 
Perhaps we should move on to the next listing 
John , you have done a good job . Our new series computer is appreciated by the guests . They intend to sign contracts with our company . You really did a good job 
Thank you . I can't imagine the design of the new computer is so popular among computer users 
Hah , as the sale department director of our team , you are the best 
I am flattered . But I am not sure whether the manager is satisfied with it . She asked me to her office 
Why not ? You've done so well for the company . She should give you a prize 
I feel nervous when I face her . She looks so serious when we have a conversation all the time 
Come on ! What are you nervous about 
It is said that the sales for the new computer did not meet the expectation 
But the sale number is close to the predicted amount 
I'm still nervous . I don't know what to say to the manager . I always feel ill at ease in that kind of place 
Take it easy . Be confident . I'm sure you can do it 
What are you using for bait today 
We are fishing with worms . The fish seem to like them 
Is that so ? We're using lures , and the fish are biting those too 
Looks like a lucky day for everyone 
I heard the film was after the novel The Godfather 
Who wrote it 
Mario Puku 
Who're the producer , the director , the stars , heroine and the hero 
I'm always interested in how , but seldom pay much attention to who 
Don ’ t you think that ’ s good idea to hold a party outside 
I don ’ t think so 
How about going to a concert 
That ’ s should be fun 
The washing machine isn't working again 
It's not my fault 
Stupid girl , making me spend so much money , now I have to get it from the ATM ..
Hello , welcome to Universal Bank . Please insert your card into the slot 
I know where to put my card ! Stupid machine , talking to me like I ’ m an idiot ..
Please input your 6 digit PIN code followed by the pound key . Thank you . Please select an option.Thank you . You have selected withdrawal 
Yeah , yeah , I know what I selected . Just give me my money 
Please type the amount you would like to withdraw.Thank you , you want to transfer 10000 USD to the World Wildlife Foundation . If this is correct please press 1 
No , no ! Stupid machine , what are you doing ! No 
Confirmed . Thank you for using our bank ! Please remove your card from the slot . Goodbye 
Hello ! You're welcome to Guangzhou Fair 
Thank you . I'm from America . Here is my business card 
Glad to meet you , Mr . Smith . My name is Wang and here is my name card . I'll be glad to do what I can for you 
Great ! This is my first visit to the Fair . Everything is new to me . Would you please give me some information 
Glad to . The Fair is a big gathering taking place twice a year , thousands of businessmen from more than a hundred and fifty countries and regions are here to trade with China 
What about your company 
Ours is a company special in exporting leather products . And what about yours 
My firm has high standing in my country . My bank is the City Bank , New York . You may refer to it for my status 
An interesting meeting , isn't it 
Yes , very . I thought the last speaker was especially good 
Let me introduce myself , by the way . My name's Thomas Bradley 
How do you do ? I'm Ted Nugent 
Sorry , what was your last name again 
It's Nugent , N-U-G-E-N-T , but just call me Ted 
Ok , I'm Tom 
Glad to meet you 
And what do you do , Ted 
Me ? I'm in the car business 
Salesman 
Yes , that's right . And how about you 
I work for American Airlines 
Oh , really ? What do you do there exactly 
I'm in the Personnel Department 
Which bus should I take from PHS to Sons 
Can you tell me which Sons you want to go to 
I believe that it's on Fair Oaks and Orange Grove 
You'll have to catch two different buses to get there 
Do you know which buses I need to take 
The 268 is the first bus you need to catch 
What do I do after I get on the 268 
Get off when you get to Fair Oaks and Washington 
Then what 
Catch the 261 and get off at Sons 
That's all 
That's all you have to do 
Did you call me , sir 
Yeah . If you are available now , let me describe your work duties , OK 
What am I expected to do 
As a newcomer , you are going to be responsible for some basic tasks first , including certain routine duties like answering the telephone and typing . Later , you will be assigned to the Sales Department 
I see . It must be a challenging job , but I would like to do it . And what about now 
For this is your first day in our company , you can begin with our special products . Before you do your job , it's necessary for you to be familiar with our own products . Sort these papers and file them correctly 
OK , I'll get to work on it at once 
Thank you so much . I can't take this 
She will insist . It's a rosary . She has millions of them . Take it 
What did she mean just now about raising pigs 
Oh ! My grandmother used to say “ raising pigs , raising kids ... at least you can eat the pigs . 
Ha-ha . I get it . That's funny . Your cousin's a real sarcastic lady 
She likes to complain about her macho husband and her “ bambinos ” , but she loves them all dearly 
What are you doing this weekend 
I'm going to the movies with a friend . How about you 
I'm not sure yet 
Well , did you want to go see a movie with me 
What movie are you going to see 
I'm not sure yet . Is there something you want to see 
There's nothing I can think of 
So , did you want to go 
No , thanks , maybe another time 
Okay , sounds good 
Can I help you , madam 
Yes , can I see a few T-shirts , Please 
Certainly.Here you are.They ' re the very latest fashion 
I'm not very particular about the design.But I want something of good quality 
They're of good cotton and the color never fades 
I'm thirsty . Pull over to that store , I'll buy some drinks 
I'm afraid I can't . Parking is not allowed here 
Oh , that's too bad , Where can you park around here 
There is a square in front of us . We can park the car there 
Is a shop there 
I'm not sure , you know I'm not familiar with the city , too 
Good afternoon . What can I do for you today , Madam 
It's a little sensitive , actually . I need to get hold of some money , and quickly 
OK , Madam . We are here to help 
I already have some Time Deposits with you , but unfortunately , they haven't matured yet . I really don't want to cash those just yet 
I understand completely . There are other options , such as a Personal Pledge Loan 
I've not heard of that , could you tell me more , please 
The procedure is really simple and convenient . All you need to do is fill in this Loan Application form 
Right ... anything else 
Of course , we'll need some documentation from you . Like your resident permit , proof of salary and your USD Deposit Certificate , to use as collateral 
And then I just sign here ? You're right ! It certainly is simple and extremely convenient 
Oh , honey . You came . I'm so glad ! Why are you wearing a bonnet 
Uh , just for fun . Happy Easter , Mom . We got you these Easter lilies 
They're beautiful . Taylor , you're so pale and skinny 
Of course I'm pale . It's just now the beginning of spring . I don't have my summer tan yet 
I guess . Are you sure you're taking care of yourself 
I'm fine , Mom . Remember Holly ? This is her roommate , Yi-jun .
I can't seem to find the cereal aisle 
You'll find the cereal by the breakfast foods 
What breakfast foods 
They're over by the oatmeal and the breakfast bars 
Oh , I think I know what you're talking about 
Can I help you with anything else 
Could you tell me where the dishwashing detergent is 
You'll find that by the paper towels 
Oh , I didn't think of that 
That's where it'll be 
Well , thank you very much 
If you need anything else , please feel free to ask me
What are the best places to visit here please 
It depends If you are interested in the city.you might like to tour it by car I can be your guide , We'll leave the afternoon free.You can do some shopping in the mall if you like 
Great . What do you suggest we see 
I suggest we visit the Metropolitan Museum of Art first , Now let's go.look people are jogging along the river.Here we are 
The exhibits are really special . I enjoy the paintings very much 
So do I . This is Broadway.There are lots of theaters . This way leads to Times Square 
How about your grades of study 
I have been doing quite well . As reach 90 % and Bs reach 100 % . And I ’ Ve received Scholarship two times 
Besides your major , do you know some in other fields 
Yes . To develop my knowledge , I studied Economics , Business Administration and Accountingthrough self-study . Nowadays , I have passed three courses on CPA 
Have you ever been a student cadre 
Yes . I used to be the monitor of my class 
Did it affect you much 
It ’ s a very important experience for me . First , it improved my organizing ability , and let me understand how to resolve a problem in the overall perspective instead of my own perspective . Second , it let me know how to cooperate in harmony with people who I like or dislike 
In your spare time , do you have any part time jobs 
Yes , I used to work as an assistant lawyer for Tienda Law Office 
morning , Mr . Montgomery . I ’ Ve been sent over from purchasing to fill in for Clare Williams 
Oh , really ? Nice to meet you . I thought they were going to leave me here on my own ! How long have you been with the company 
Oh , about seven years . Time flies , you know 
Does it ever ! Well , let ’ s get started . If you could begin typing this letter now , I ’ ll see what else needs to be done 
I want to have a complete relaxation this weekend 
You mean you want to stay at home 
Yes , exactly 
I thought maybe you were interested in an outing 
What is the scale of the company 
It is a large-scale business , which has more than two thousand staff 
How many subsidiaries do you have 
There are over 20 subsidiaries around the world 
Who is that guy 
It's Clive of course . Where did you come from ? Every girl knows Clive 
Really ? He is my type 
He is everybody's type 
What position does he play 
Shooting guard . The same as Michael Jordan 
Oh , I love Michael Jordan . He fills people's lives with great excitement 
Used to . But now he is too old to play in a fierce game like this . But Kobe is the upcoming superstar now 
Kobe is a good player but I heard he is a womanizer 
That is not true . They are just jealous of him 
Jordan is a legend , anyway . An idol that no one can replace . I think Clive can make a good professional basketball player . He is not just about muscles he also plays smart 
You know what , he is also an outstanding football player . He is surely to be a star of tomorrow 
By the way , do you know if he has a girl friend 
You are so not here ! His girlfriend is one of the cheer leaders 
Oh , My chance is slim then 
Mum , can I finish my homework later 
Sorry . You know the rules 
But I want to watch TV now 
That ’ s out of the question 
Please 
Not a chance 
Not even for an hour 
Sorry , it ’ s impossible 
Give these sales figures a look . It's pretty depressing . We're way in the red this year . We can't afford to keep going like this for much longer 
You're right , we need to start making money soon , or at least manage to break even . But I think that the market is slowly beginning to heat up--sales are bound to pick up any time now 
Deman is dropping . The problem is our competition . They are monopolizing the market 
Maybe we should rethink our marketing strategy to include the possibility that our new line of cosmetics could be a big seller 
It's really too early to tell , but a lot is riding on the new products . If we don't do better after the product launch , we may have to go bankrupt 
Do you think it's that serious 
Look at this numbers and see for yourself . Read'sm and weep 
My goodness , I didn't realize it was that bad 
The murderer was sentenced to life imprisonment 
It ’ s severe punishment , I think 
Yeah , because he just killed a man in cold blood 
No wonder 
Have you seen any good movies lately 
It's ages since I went to see a film 
Why ? You were a real movie buff when you were a student 
But now I would stay at home watching TV 
I would like to order a waistcoat 
Have you chosen the material 
Yes , I want it to made of tweed 
Fine . And the charge is $ 100 
When will it be available 
Next Wednesday 
Sorry to bother you sir , but I have some bad news 
What is it 
Well , the stock market just took a huge plunge and we ’ Ve lost a lot of money 
What do you mean ? What happened 
There are many factors that weigh in , but NASDAQ is down 200 points , the DOW JONES indicator also suffered ! Our portfolio is worth half of what it was worth points week ago 
How is this possible ? You are supposed to be talking to our stockbrokers and making sure that our securities and investments are safe and making a profitable return 
I know sir ! We didn ’ t expect a bull market to become a bear market all of a sudden . On the other hand , you still have some high yield trash bonds and government bonds that will give us enough liquidity to cut our loses and reinvest in emerging markets . We could potentially make this tragedy work for us and make us think outside the box 
Do what you have to do ! One other thing , don ’ t tell the rest of the stockholders about this . If they find out , it ’ s the end of this company 
What kind of document is an invoice 
It's a document from the seller to the buyer . It contains full particulars of the goods sold , such as quantity , quality , price , forwarding particulars , and terms of payment 
How many kinds of foreign invoices are there 
Four . They are Loco invoice , FOB invoice , CIF invoice and Franco invoice 
What does the price in different kinds of invoices include 
By Loco invoice , the price includes only the cost of goods at the warehouse of the seller . By FOB invoice , the price includes the cost before the cargo is delivered . By CIF invoice , the price includes all the expenses of cost freight and insurance . The price in Franco invoice includes all expenses to destination 
Oh , I see 
Hey , Gucci . I didn't know it would be a charity show . You can see there are many collecting boxes at the entrance 
Oh , I forgot to tell you this . The show is to collect money for children in need . And all the money from ticket selling will go to the Red Cross 
That's really a good thing . Let's do our part 
Good idea 
Who will sing in the show 
A lot of stars , including Andy , Justin , Mendy ..
Mendy ? Are you sure ? I love her songs 
Me too . She is so young and talented . She is not only a singer but also a great composer herself 
Yeah . Though she was so popular , I heard she managed to maintain a low profile 
She is a real star . Not a onetime thing 
But I also heard some people didn't like her music . I don't understand why . She is so amazing 
Well , I suppose people have different tastes on music . Moreover , here stuff is really strong and creative . It takes time for people to accept new things 
You are right . Anyway , things will be different as the days go on . She can get it . I have faith in her 
Sure . That makes a good fan . Do you know what songs she is gonna sing tonight 
Here is the programme . Check it out yourself 
OK 
This is how a holiday should be . Relaxing on the beach with a nice cool drink 
Isn ’ t it wonderful here ? The kids are enjoying themselves in the swimming pool . I hope it ’ s safe 
Don ’ t worry about them . They ’ re very responsible . Besides , there are many people there and there ’ s lifeguard employed by the hotel . Waiter ! Could I have another drink pleas ? Thank you . So , what shall we do this evening 
The kids said that they wanted to go to a party at the hotel . There ’ s a special one just for kids 
So , we could try that restaurant that was recommended in the guidebook . Then we could go to a club . We haven ’ t been to one for ages 
That ’ s a great idea . We can really enjoy ourselves without worrying about the kids 
Now , how about going for a swim in the sea ? We shouldn ’ t sunbathe all day 
It's a lot of work running a campaign , isn't it 
I had no idea when I volunteered to assist governor Brown with this campaign what I was getting myself into 
Hang in there . The hardest part is just about over 
How Ay years have you been working with him 
About 15 . I've seen him work hard for a lot of good changes 
It's easier doing this kind hard work when I know that I trust the man behind the posters 
Did you know we're trying to talk him into considering a presidential campaign 
He would be good 
So , you know how to drive , right 
I'm pretty good 
Do you think you can teach me 
Did you get your learner's permit yet 
I have it already 
Do you have any experience driving a car 
I've only done it once 
Do you know all the controls in the car 
Yes , I am aware of them 
When do you want to start learning how to drive 
Whenever you have time 
We can do it tomorrow ; just call me 
Hi , George . I'm going to have a job interview next week . Could you give me some advice 
Sure . First of all , it ’ s very important for you not to be late . Job interviewers usually don ’ t think very highly of a candidate who arrives ten minutes after the appointed time , only to explain that he could not find the place or that there was heavy traffic 
Yeah , that's very important 
So you ’ d better explore the place the day before and at the same time , look around to see what the employees are wearing . So the next day you will arrive early for the appointment 
I ’ ll try my best to make a good impression on the interviewer 
That ’ s right . You need to create a good image in a limited time , usually about 30 to 45 minutes 
It ’ s always easier to say something than to do it 
It ’ s not too difficult to make a good impression . For example , you should take care to appear well-groomed and modestly dressed . Avoid the extremes of a too elaborate or too casual style . This will put you on the same level as other applicants and make the interviewer consider more important qualifications 
But I love wearing T-shirts and jeans 
I advise you not to wear a too casual style when going to an interview . Informal clothes as well as torn jeans and dirty shoes convey the impression that you are not serious about the job , or that you may be casual about your work as you are about your clothes 
It ’ s a pity that I cannot afford more expensive clothes 
You misunderstood me . Clothes which are too colorful or too expensive suggest that you do not understand what behavior is appropriate for the job , or that you are snobbish or frivolous 
I know what you mean . I ought to wear right clothes at the right time 
You got it . Only in this way can you gain the respect of the interviewer and his confidence in your judgement 
It seems that ' clothes make the man ' 
It may not be true , but the first and lasting impression of you is determined by your clothes and behavior 
Hey , did you hear about Jessica's party this weekend 
Yeah , but I'm still waiting for my invitation 
Oh really ? She gave me mine earlier today 
Well , she'll probably just give me my invitation later on today 
Yeah , so are you planning on going 
I think so . It sounds like it's going to be a lot of fun 
It really does , I can't wait 
What time does the party start 
It starts at 8 o'clock 
Oh , well , how many people has she given invites to so far 
I'm not sure , but I don't think she's given out that many 
Well , hopefully she'll give me my invite later on today 
Can I help you 
Yes , I'd like to change some money to cover my expenses here . What's today's rate of US dollar against the RIB yuan 
Let me see , the buying rate is RIB 808 per $ 100 . How much would you like to change 
$ 200 altogether 
Would you mind showing me your passport 
Here it is . And how much RIB shall I get 
Let me see . $ 200 makes RIB 1,616 . Here is the cash and exchange memo . Please check it 
That's correct . Thank you very much 
Excuse me , can you tell me which is Bob Rice's office 
Sure . It's the third office down this hall . Are you looking for Bob 
Yes . He told me to come by this morning 
I'm sorry , but he's not in the office now . Do you have an appointment 
An appointment 
Yes . What time did he expect you 
He said I should come by this morning . He didn't give me a time.He said I could come any time before noon 
I see . He's usually here on Tuesday mornings ..
Today is Tuesday 
I know . He's usually here , but today he went out to a site on the east side 
That's too bad . I need to discuss these plans with him 
Why don't you make an appointment for later in the week 
Alright 
He's here on Tuesdays , Wednesdays and Fridays . What day did you want to see him 
Friday is good 
Morning or afternoon 
Morning 
I can put you down for ten o'clock . Is that alright 
Yes . My name is Laura Wills 
Alright . I have you down for ten AM this Friday 
Thank you 
You are welcome 
Thanks for coming shopping with me 
I'm so honored that you thought to ask me 
I've never given a speech in front of a thousand people before 
You're going to do great . And you're going to look great 
Thanks . Now let's decide which one of these suits looks best for this occasion 
I still like the olive one best . There's a tailor here who can take up the sleeves for you 
The question is , can he have it done before Friday 
These guys are professional . I think they can have it done tomorrow . Let's ask 
Hi , could we have two orange juice smoothies 
Would you like those with yogurt 
Sure , why not 
What else would you like to add ? We highly recommend caterpillar fungus 
Caterpillar fungus ? ! What the heck is that 
It ’ s a special kind of Chinese herb . It ’ s good for you 
I would like to speak to you , if you don ’ t mind 
What would you like to speak to me about 
I would like to talk to you about this year ’ s election 
Is that right 
I am a volunteer for this year ’ s campaign 
That ’ s wonderful . I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand 
I know history is about to be made , and I would like to be a part of it 
That ’ s fantastic 
Are you planning on voting 
I ’ m going to vote 
Go to your polling place early on Election Day 
I will . Good luck with your volunteering 
I am Liu Yi , from China XYZ Company . I ’ d like to see Mr . Thomas , please 
Do you have an appointment , Mr . Liu 
No , I am afraid not . I just arrive in town today 
Mr . Thomas is quite busy , I ’ m afraid he won ’ t be able to see you today 
Would you please ask when he will be free 
Have a seat please while I call 
Your silk garments have aroused much interest in our country ever since our first order was put on the market . We have no doubt we can do better this year if you appoint us your sales agent 
We appreciate your intention , but the amount of your orders last year was moderate 
That's true . However at the Fair last March , people were so interested in Chinese garments that the demand this year will surely increase 
Do you think it will help if we appoint a local agent 
I'm sure it will , if we are appointed your agent . Your garments are attractive , and we , a well-established importer with multiple sales channels , can boost the sales 
Well , we'll consider your proposal 
Poor Danny . You are so enfeebled 
Don't worry . No big deal . Just a common cold 
Mom called just now saying that she and Dad will be back later . Do you want to speak to them on phone 
No . You can never count on the grown-ups when there is something 
Whatever . Have a drink of water 
Come on , sister . This is the seventh glass already 
Maybe later . I think we have a medicine-kit 
Do we ? Where is it 
Probably on the of the cabinet . I'll go and get it 
Be careful . Now I have no one but you to depend on 
Oh , here it is . Patulin . Oh , no 
What's the new strike 
Keep lying down . The matter is that all the medicine here is past expiration 
Poor me 
I ran it against that fence pole as I crashed . What do you think ? Damn , it hurts 
We'll have to get you to a hospital . I can ride you on the back of my bike 
I'm lucky I wasn't killed . I must have been going around forty-five miles an hour.There was too much gravel on that corner . I slid out 
Yes , I almost slid too.Alright . This tourniquet is tight . How does it feel 
Make it tighter . I want the blood stopped.Then wrap some bandages around the cut . Then we can go . Ouch ! I hope I can walk 
Alright , I'm twisting it around . You tell me when to stop 
There . Stop 
Steven , have you any friend in London 
Yes , my old friend Hanson lives there
Are you close 
Yes . He's one of my best friends . Our friendship formed at college . Why did you ask that 
I'm going to London on business next week . But I know nothing about it 
I get it . You want to find a guide , don ’ t you 
Yes , Steven . You always know what I want 
Don ’ t worry . I will call Hanson , and ask him to help you 
Thank you 
Do you wash clothes here often 
I have been coming here for the past few years 
Why do you wash here 
It's actually a lot cheaper for me to wash my clothes here 
I've only washed my clothes here a couple times 
Why don't you wash clothes at home 
I would , if my washing machine wasn't broken 
Why don't you just get it fixed 
I can't afford it 
So you plan on washing your clothes here from now on 
That's my only option right now 
Don't worry . Besides , it's a lot cheaper to wash clothes this way 
I'm calling to ask about your apartment you advertised 
Yes , we've got great apartments with charming environment and nice scenery.And they are all newly renovated 
That sounds fantastic ! But I am looking for something closer to downtown , as I spend most of my time at the office 
No problem . We have a nice apartment located near the Oriental Square . It's perfect for people busy with office work . It is fully furnished with a service staff taking care of the trivial details 
I'm sure they are wonderful , but I need an unfurnished apartment with relatively lower cost 
Ah ! I get your point . We have just what you need . Our Jinyuan apartments have several floor plans . The one bedroom apartments are very economical , but their layout makes great use of a small amount of space . I think you can find a very apartment there 
Great ! I'll arrange a viewing after work tomorrow afternoon . Could you tell me the detailed dress 
Of course . It's just at 19 Lingual Road . You can phone me again if you can't find the right place 
OK . Thank you 
I dare you to talk to that girl 
Okay , I will 
You two are so health-conscious 
Well , we try ! Here , I just made some carrot juice . Would you like a glass 
Why not ! Before you know it , I'll be heading off to the mountains to stand on my head 
You don't have to go to the mountains ! I stand on my head during my yoga routine every morning 
Thanks for the carrot juice , Mrs . Schmidt . I've got to run to class 
Have a good day at school ! See you tonight 
Hello , my name is Xu Hua . I'm from Beijing 
Hello , Xu Hua . I'm Paula . I'm American 
Welcome to China , Paula 
Thank you 
Do you like flowers 
Of course , I like 
What's your favorite flower 
Forsythia . It's also called winter jasmine which is the symbol of the spring's arrival 
Spring is a lively season 
Yes . How about you 
I admire plum blossoms very much . It seems that only it can blossom in the cold winter 
You have a perfect taste 
It is the symbol of laughing at hoar frost and fighting with snow . I admire the bravery of plum blossoms 
But it used to be ignored by many people 
The bright people will remember it forever 
Well , it's snowing . Let's enjoy the plum blossoms when snowing 
Hello , may I speak to Mr . Robert the Human Resources Manager 
Wait a minute . I will get him here . Sorry , he is busy doing something . Why don't you give him a ring later 
OK , that's fine . Thank you 
You are welcome 
Ahh ... What a fine day ! I do feel like an outdoor exercise 
How about taking a walk in the park 
OK.It ' s delightful to have a walk in the park with the air so fresh 
Oh , it's so quiet here.We have the park to ourselves , only you and me 
Don't you see many people over there ? Just on your left 
Oh , I see them.Some are doing Taijiquan , some are performing swordplay , some are practising the Chinese Wushu 
A growing keep-fit fever is sweeping over China 
Here's some dancing . See those guys stomping , clapping and shouting ? They're practicing step-dancing 
It sounds cool . The rhythms look really difficult 
They basically turn their bodies into drums . There's a national step competition every year 
Well , black people are supposed to be great dancers 
Wen ! That's only a stereotype . Like all Asians are supposed to be math geniuses . I'm not a great dancer , and you said you failed calculus 
Ha-ha ! You got me there 
Would you give me some fruits ? How much are these oranges 
Seventy cents a piece 
How about this one 
Sixty cents a piece 
Well , I'll take five of the seventy cent ones , and those grapefruits sweet 
Sure ! They are very fresh , first of all . We sell at a bargain , and you make a wise purchase if you buy them today . Eighty cents only , a piece 
I follow you and I'll take three just for my trial 
Thank you very much and anything else 
That's all.Thank you 
I heard you will be going on a business trip 
Yes , I must go to Shanghai to attend a meeting about our plan 
How long will you be away 
Six days or so 
Who will take your place 
Harry . He has been assisting me on the plan 
Good choice . He is competent for the position 
Yes , he is familiar with the plan 
Both Bob and carl will become somebody in the future.Don ' t you think so 
Yeah.But Bob's talent can't to be named on the same day with Carl's 
But Bob is more generous and ready to help 
We cannot judge a man totally by that 
Dad , how can we get to the zoo 
We can take a bus there 
Does this bus go there 
I think so 
Let's step in , Dad 
No , it's too crowded 
Dad . Here comes another bus 
Fine . Let's get on . Oh , no , Judy ! Get off the bus quickly 
Why ? Dad 
We got on the wrong bus 
May I know your full name 
My full name is Zhang Yong . Zhang is the surname or family name 
How do you spell your family name 
Zhang , Z , H , A , N , G 
What is your present address 
My present address is No . 415 Green Street . This is also my permanent address 
May I ask your telephone number 
My telephone number is 4837625 
Where are you from 
I'm from Guangdong 
May I ask the date of your birth 
My birthday is June 14th , 1985 
Once you arrive at the American airport , please call me 
OK , don ’ t worry about it . I will 
Take care of yourself 
Wow , American football is more exciting than I thought 
You ’ re in America now , my British friend . We just call it football 
Oh , right . So , I can ’ t quite follow what ’ s going on ... who ’ s winning 
The Giants are up by three points because of the field goal they kicked , but the Redskins have the ball and there pretty close to the end zone 
Wow ! What a hit 
Yeah , he tackled him so hard his helmet came off 
Is he ok 
It looks like it , he ’ s getting up 
I guess he hit him too hard ; the referee just called a penalty on the home team 
The Giants 
Yeah 
Well , here we go again 
What happened ? Why did everyone get so quiet 
The Redskin ’ s quarterback just threw a touchdown pass for seven points . We ’ re losing again 
Welcome , sir . May I help you 
Yes , I wanna go to America for my vacation 
No problem . Actually , we have some great packages . The most exciting season of Hawaii is now . How about a relaxing vacation in Hawaii 
Sounds good . Are there any group tours I can go with 
Yes . There will be one at the end of this month . For many people , a Hawaiian vacation promises languid days filled with sunbathing and poolside cocktails . For others , it ’ s all about non-stop action in one of the world's most extreme natural playgrounds . Whether you are in search of quiet relaxation or unbridled stimulation , Hawaii gives you the best of both 
Great . So how long is the trip 
15 days . The transportation by air will take five days 
Fine . I happen to have 20 days for holiday , so exciting ! How many places will be visited and what are they ? Where will be staying and how about the food there 
Sir , let's do it step by step . First , we will visit over 25 different places . Most of the places are in Hawaii ’ s Big Island . We will stay in Arlott ’ s Lodge
Well , cool . What's the price for this trip 
Well , right now there's a special rate for 40,000 RIB for this package , including everything such as airline ticket , tour guides , hotels and food . All you have to do is to sign up and we will take care of everything 
Well . 40,000 RIB that's really a lot of money . I will have to think about it 
Sure . By the way , this special price is only good through the end of the week 
Is it Thursday ? I mean if I let the chance slide ..
Yes , sir . It will be a great pity 
Well . Ok , I will take it 
Thank you 
Switchboard . Which extension would you like 
Extension 1616 , please 
I'm afraid the line is busy at the moment . Just hold on , please 
Then , will you try extension 235 
Certainty , sir 
What's the latest fashion of evening gown 
The one on the manikin is in fashion now 
I would like to try on one in violet 
OK , here you are . You look really attractive in that gown 
Thank you . Do you have some other colors 
Who is Cindy ’ s husband 
Cindy ’ s husband is Ron 
How many children do Cindy and Ron have 
They have two children-one son and one daughter-as well as one daughter-in-law and one son-in-law 
Do they have any grandchildren 
Yes , they have three grandchildren-one girl and two boys 
Does their daughter get along well with her in-laws 
Yes , she gets along with them quite well 
Do they have a large family 
Their family is very similar to Cindy and Ron ’ s family 
Is Bob home 
Sorry . You've got the wrong number 
When you are in a restaurant and you want the waiter to bring the bill , what do you do to attract his attention 
I just make eye contact with him and nod my head . Then I tell him when he comes over to the table . Why do you ask 
I went out with my girlfriend to a nice restaurant last night and I noticed that many people shouted for the bill 
That seems a little impolite in such a restaurant 
That ’ s what I thought . I just thought I ’ d ask you and see what you thought of it . Anyway , what did you do yesterday evening 
Well , it was a warm evening , so I stretched my legs . I walked along the canal for a couple of miles . Actually , several other people had the same idea . I saw Bill 
Did you ? How is he these days 
He seemed ok . We didn ’ t stop and chat because we were on opposite banks of the canal . We just waved at each other 
I need to move some furniture . Could you help me to lift it 
Of course . What do you want to move first 
Let ’ s move the sofa . Can you get a grip on the bottom at that end ? I ’ ll lift this end . I want to move it sideways in that direction 
Hello , there . You are looking a little confused ; can I help you with something 
Well , I've always used the Bank Book , but now I have this card . I don't know how to use it in the machine 
Don't worry ; I can help you with that . I understand that new technology can sometimes be unnerving . The first thing we need to do is check the ATM is in service . This one is fine 
Yes , I sure can . I feel like a dinosaur with all of these youngsters and their electronics . This machine is working , then 
Yes , this one is in service . Put your card in here , in this slot and wait a moment . Then you will see some instructions on the screen 
Oh , it wants me to put in my PIN number . OK , I can do that ..
And press ' enter ' to confirm , here . Now you need to decide which service you need 
There are so many to choose from . I didn't know you could do all of this using a card 
That's the beauty of these machines , you can do almost anything . And unlike a person , they don't usually take breaks or go off sick 
Hello , I would like to apply for a permit 
Can I see your ID 
No , I left it in the car 
I'm going to need to see your ID and $ 27 for your permit 
One moment while I go and get my ID 
Make it quick 
Okay , here's my ID and the $ 27 
Thanks . Now fill this out 
Do you have a pen that I can use 
Use this one 
Thanks a lot 
You're welcome . Turn the application in at Window B 
Steven , what's your idea of price 
The best we can do is $ 120 per case 
I'm afraid that's impossible . You can't expect us to reduce it to that extent 
I think you are well informed about the prevailing market.Some Spanish firms are offering the same at much lower prices 
Price can't be separated from quality . A comparison of the quality of our products with that of rival goods will show you that ours is far superior 
It's true yours are of better quality . But your price is still on the high side even if we take quality into consideration . How about meeting each other half way 
Well , I'll have to think about it and get back to you in about 30 minutes 
Take your time , please 
Do you have experience in advertising 
Yes , I used to have a part-time job in advertising company 
What were you mean duties there 
I mostly did advertising planning 
What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have 
I think an advertising planner should have active thoughts , creative talent , and be sensitive to the changes in the market 
What was the most important thing you have learned at work 
The most important thing I learned was that I must continuously improve my abilities . Advertising is a constantly evolving trade and creativity is an important fact to success . If I want to make in marking in advertising industry , I can ’ t stop studying and creating 
Did you say that Ted was at your mercy 
Sort of yes 
But he is not someone who can be led by the nose 
But I am not that someone . I can easily talk him into doing whatever I want him to do 
You didn't come to work yesterday.What happened 
I had to look after my son at home 
What's wrong with him 
He has a fever 
Is he getting better now 
I think so.Thank you 
He got the scholarship to Harvard 
You're kidding 
It's true . He is a hard worker 
I know he really deserves this 
Evening , table for three , please 
Do you have reservations 
Yes , I do . I have made reservations under the name of Wang 
Very Wang sir , smoking or no smoking 
No smoking , please . Could we have table by the window 
Of course , this way please 
I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week and need to know why 
Did you mail us your last Continued Claim Form 
I am afraid that I forgot to send it in 
We cannot pay you unless you turn that form in every two weeks 
Is it too late to mail the Continued Claim Form in now 
It can ’ t be more than fourteen days late for us to accept it 
I will mail it in a little early next time to avoid this problem 
You can ’ t possibly know in advance how much you will be working . If you mail it in too soon , we will reject it 
Will my paycheck arrive late because I messed up on my form 
Your check will be arriving late , but the next one will come right on time 
I am considering going for the new job that was posted yesterday 
Are you certain that that is what you want to do 
It may not be the best choice for me , but I am considering it 
Why do you think that this would be a good move 
I believe that this job would allow me to move up but might be a little boring for me 
Yes , there are always pros and cons to making a career change 
Also , the matter of pay is also a consideration 
I think the slight pay decrease might be worth it . The benefits are much better 
Yes , sometimes giving up a little to move forward is the best choice 
I think you should definitely apply for the position 
Can you help me with my timesheet 
Sure ! I can help you . Do you know where the timesheets are kept 
No , I don't know where to find one 
Well , once you get one off the shelf over there , you first put your name on it . OK 
Yes , I can do that 
Now you have to fill in the hours in the blanks and total the hours for the week . Do you know how to use military time 
No , I don't know what that is 
OK , so we just start counting hours at midnight and record it . Show all minutes as a dot and then write how many minutes . OK 
Yes , I understand how to do this 
After you total your hours , make sure you sign it and turn it in to your supervisor 
That was easy 
Good luck and let me know if you need any help later on 
Karen , do you have a minute ? I'd like to ask you about something 
Sure . What is it 
I think you can give me some advice.You have worked here longer , and I just want to know what you think 
I'm glad to help you . But what is it you want to ask about 
I am worried about the meeting this morning 
Why ? I think the meeting went well 
Really 
Yes . But what are you worried about 
I'm afraid I was too rude 
Rude ? You weren't rude at all , Annie . Why do you think you were rude 
Well , I maybe talked to Mr . Drummond too directly . I thought I maybe said too much . I don't want him to be angry 
I understand . But really you weren't rude at all.You said what you thought . I think he appreciates that 
Really 
Yes 
But I am new here , and I'm not sure he is used to that 
You mean because you are a woman 
Yes . And he is the president of the company 
Listen , Annie . You shouldn't worry about Mr . Drummond.He is a very good man to work for . He is not sexist at all.He appreciates people for their ideas.And he is willing to take suggestions from men or women 
I am very happy to hear that , Karen.It ' s good to know I'm working in such a company 
I agree with you on that , Annie . I've worked for Derek Drummond for nine years now . I feel he appreciates his employees for their work , not their gender . I would never change jobs 
Good . Thank you for telling me this 
Any time . If you have a good idea , don't be afraid to speak up.This is a company that appreciates initiative 
have you ever been invited to a Chinese feast 
sure . Beijingers are distinguished for their warmth and hospitality 
as far as you could see , is dining at a Chinese table a distinct experience ? To what extent does it differ from that in your homeland 
to begin with , I have to use chopsticks 
but you look quite proficient in using them now 
certainly . After all , I've been here for two years . It's not much uphill work for a foreigner to get used to Chinese dinner utensils . Though , I do feel hazy about how to behave appropriately at a Ch
yes , table etiquette . There are a multitude of rules that foreigners might never know until they were told . Some practices even appear somewhat awkward or rude to Westerners , while they are the norm i
anything strang about that 
maybe you should have placed them horizontally over your bowl or plate . They resemble two incense sticks used at sacrifices . It's very inauspicious , and might enrage all present 
oh , sorry ! There's a long story even with a mere pair of sticks 
Welcome to China , Mr . Smith 
Thank you . So pleasant to meet you here 
I heard that you are interested in our silk skirts and new style of coats 
Yes , I've brought a list of your recent products with me . We'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year . We're ready to place an order with you 
Great ! B , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts , so as to enable our timely delivery 
That sounds good . But I have a proposal now 
What's the proposal 
Both of our two parties were involved in the discussion previously . Shall we also allow some of our clients to join us 
Good idea ! In this way , our clients ' needs will be met and disagreements between the two parties avoided 
Sounds like we have the same idea 
This is our best product 
How long will it take to make five hundred 
They'll be done before the end of the week 
Good 
Good morning , sir . What can I do for you 
I want to buy a ticket to Sydney tomorrow 
Right now fight BW159 is the only one available , it is a non-direct one 
What's the exact information 
It departs at 4:40 pm tomorrow and arrives in Sydney at 10:20 am . the next morning by way of Melboume 
How long is the layover in Melboume 
About 1 hour . Would you buy it 
Yes . I want a first class single ticket 
hello 
good morning , Nathaniel . This is Leah calling from the International Student Office 
good morning 
the reason I'm calling is because Ms . Collins will not be able to call you back until next week 
oh . I had hoped she would have called me back yesterday 
she's terribly sorry about that . She had to leave the office suddenly and won't be able to return until next week . She hopes you understand 
is there someone else I can talk to 
she asked me to call you to book an appointment with someone else today . When are you free today 
any time after 2 pm today would be good for me 
Mr . Liu is available at 2:15 today . Will that work for you 
I'd prefer to speak with Ms . Fonda 
I'm afraid she isn't available this afternoon . She has an opening at 11:30 this morning . Will that work for you 
that will be fine 
ok , we'll be expecting you at 11:30 . See you then 
Oh , boy , I hate to say this , but I really have to leave now 
That ’ s all right . I understand 
I ’ m so sorry 
That ’ s ok . Don ’ t be sorry . We ’ ll talk later 
Hello 
Hi , Randy . What are you going to do this weekend 
I ’ Ve no idea . Nothing really 
How about going hunting with me 
Wonderful 
Okay . I ’ ll pick you up around 6
I ’ ll be ready 
Good morning.So this is the first day for you to work here , I hope you'll like your job 
Good morning , Ms.Wilson . I've got a lot to learn from you . I think I'll enjoy working with you 
I hope so.Now let me tell you your duties here.This is your desk.Please sit down 
Thank you 
Your main duty is to answer the phone calls and transfer them to the person wanted 
I see.What if the person wanted is out 
In that case , you are supposed to ask the caller to leave a message 
Is there anything else I should do 
Yes , you are responsible for keeping all files in order 
All right 
If you have any questions . I will help you 
Thank you 
Dear fellows . As you know , Mr . Ross will be leaving us very soon after his short but meaningful visit to our company 
I really want to stay a little longer , but I still have a meeting to attend . All in all , I am so impressed by your hospitality and your warm welcome . Thank you for the trouble you have taken 
Just as what I said in my welcome speech , Mr . Ross's visit to our company is meaningful for both our two companies . Thank you very much for your visiting . We will miss you all the time 
During my trip here , I learned a lot and I get to know our choice of choosing your company as our partner is definitely right . I can feel and sense the potential of your company . And at last I wish our further cooperation will be sound and successful 
That's our pleasure . Mr . Ross , your visit leaves gorgeous memory here . And I hope Mr.Halmiton , the president of your company can also have the chance to visit our company soon . Remember me to him , please 
Of course , I will 
My latte looks like that shoe polish we did an ad for last month 
And this espresso looks like ... oil 
It still tastes fine , though 
These days , I can't think of anything but motor oil . Even coffee makes me think of it 
Wait a second ! There's the idea for this case ! “ Your motor oil should be as choice and fresh as your morning coffee . 
Good afternoon , Mr.Chen . How are you 
Fine , thanks . I will go to Mainland China for a business trip tomorrow , and I want to change some Hong Kong dollars into Renminbi 
How much do you want , Mr.Chen 
One thousand yuan , please . By the way , what is today's exchange quotation 
The rate is still high for other foreign currencies . The exchange rate for Hong Kong dollars into Renminbi is 1.053 Renminbi yuan to one dollar 
Oh , I see . Could you please split the one thousand Renminbi into hundreds and tens 
Certainly , sir . How do you want it 
Five hundred in hundred RIB notes and the others in ten RIB notes , please 
Yes , Mr.Chen . Here you are 
Thank you very much 
Kate , you never believe what's happened 
What do you mean 
Masha and Hero are getting divorced 
You are kidding . What happened 
Well , I don't really know , but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months , and filed for divorce 
That's really surprising . I always thought they are well matched . What about the kids ? Who get custody 
Masha , it seems quiet and makable , no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out 
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about . Well , I still can't believe it , Masha and Hero , the perfect couple . When would they divorce be final 
Early in the New Year I guess 
Do you buy that newspaper every day 
Yes , I do . I find it very informative.It always has plenty of articles from correspondents all over the world and the business section is very useful too 
Is there a Sunday edition of that newspaper 
Yes . There is . it has several sections , so it ’ s quite a read ! It usually takes me a few hours to read it on Sunday morning 
What section does it have 
Let me see . There ’ s the news section , the entertainment section , sports , business , and world affairs 
What ’ s in that section 
World affairs ? They look at the most important stories in more detail . I find it fascinating . Do you buy a daily paper 
I buy a national newspaper sometimes , buy I nearly always buy a local evening newspaper . I find the local news more interesting than national or international news 
I really should be on my way 
Oh , don ’ t go yet . Let ’ s at least have one more 
No , thank you . I can ’ t 
It ’ s too bad that you have to leave so early 
Thank you very much . I had a really good time 
Thanks for coming ! We should meet again sometime soon 
That would be great ! Actually , can I get your phone number , Ella ? That ’ s assuming you don ’ t mind if I call you sometime 
Anytime . You can reach me 5558929 
ok , got it . I ’ ll call you sometime next week 
Fine 
It ’ s time to go and I hope we can get together again soon 
I hope so , too . Bye ! Ben 
I'll need a parking permit for next semester 
Do you attend school during the day or only at night 
I only attend class part-time in the evenings 
Do you drive a motorcycle or an automobile 
I have both , but I usually use my car to get to school 
Great , the price for that permit is thirty dollars ; cash , check , or credit card 
I'll pay cash 
Do you need to buy a duplicate permit for a second vehicle 
No , thank you 
OK , here is your permit ; enjoy the next semester 
I want to ask you for a favor . I want to rent an apartment here in Beijing , but as a foreigner , I don't know the normal practice . Can you give me some advice 
First , why don't you tell me what you need , such as how big a room , where you want to live , whether you want to live downtown , and what you like to do . Then I can figure out which apartment is most suitable for you 
I am a student and want to live in Haitian , so that I can live close to my school . I like to play soccer and I like a quiet apartment so I can study 
I think that an apartment with two rooms and a kitchen would suit your needs . I can introduce you to a place for rent near your school . The apartment is on the 7th floor , so it is very quiet and suitable for studying 
That sounds great 
You can also go to the school's sports field to play soccer , and if you're lucky you might make some Chinese friends there . It is right near the market and has comfortable facilities 
Thank you so much . That's very kind of you 
Front Desk 
Will you wake me up in the morning 
Yes , what time would you like a wake-up call 
At 7 am sharp 
Where are you studying and what's your major 
I am studying at Beijing University . I major in Civil Law 
Why did you choose Beijing University 
Because Beijing University is the best university in China and I'm sure I am one of the best students 
What courses have you learned 
I have learned many courses , such as Civil Law , Economic Law , Commercial Law and Administration Law 
Which one is your favorite ? Why 
Civil Law . Because it is broad and profound , and furthermore , it best reflects the spirits of fairness and equality 
What was your minor subject 
Psychology 
Did you pass the test 
No , I didn't 
I'm sorry to hear that 
I think these patterns are quite good . Can you give me a price indication of these 
Of course , it's my pleasure . We'll quote you the lowest price prevailing 
Thank you very much . If your price is suitable , then we can make further discussion of contract 
Here is our price list , our terms are cash within three months of date of delivery , if you can pay it within one month . we'll give you a discount of 10 % 
Very good . How many goods do you have 
Can you tell me how many goods you intend to order 
We want to order 900 dozen 
The most we can offer you at present is 600 dozen 
How do you think the report I wrote 
Not bad . But there is more room for improvement 
I jumped the gun 
There were some gaps in your report . Please be more sorrow 
Yes , I overlooked some facts . I ’ ll be more sorrow 
I like the kid.He ' s so lovely 
How old is he 
Twelve.He ' s very sensible for his age 
Congratulations on your success in the competition . That is quite something 
Thank you . I was lucky this time 
I think luck played a very small part in your victory . It is solely due to your hard work and efforts . That brings honor to you and joy to us 
I am flattered 
It is real word 
Thank you very much 
Can you help me find my books 
Certainly , do you have your school schedule ? The books are arranged by course number and instructor 
Oh , I see . Thank you 
You must be feeling terrible for Mary 
Yes , she's been like this for two weeks 
I'm worried that she can't catch up with her class 
So am I.The doctor says she'll get over in a month 
in China at least , coffee is often associated with an exotic , well-to-do bourgeois lifestyle . Coffee is often considered a hobby of the well-educated , middle-class people 
maybe that's why some young chaps often spend a whole afternoon in a coffee bar , surfing the net or just typewriting something with laptop . While they are savoring a coffee at a leisured pace , they
yes . Behind a lifestyle , there is a culture . Young people easily become blind worshippers of a Westernized life . While they may not really life coffee , they think it desirable and enviable to be lavish
then what about tea ? We need to bear in mind in the first place that tea , rather than coffee , has been the most popular drink for the Chinese people 
well . Tea represents another facet of popular culture . While a coffee bar is usually quiet and resonates with soft , elegant music , a teahouse is often a noisy , crowded , public space . People visit tea
what a pity that the traditional teahouses , as depicted Lao She , keep fading away so quickly in this metropolis . It is not easy to find an old-fashioned teahouse that suits the ordinary people's spend
well , that's true . In a sense , it is not so much what you drink that really counts , as where and how you drink 
Hi , I would like to return this TV 
Sure , do you have the receipt 
Yeah here you go . Actually I also want to return this keyboard 
Ok . may I ask what is the reason for returning these products 
The TV flickers a lot when I am watching a movie and at times the image is not very clear 
I see , and what about the keyboard 
I spilled some coffee on it and now it won't work 
I am sorry mam , but we can only exchange or refund defective products , we cannot take responsibility for misuse or damages 
Fine ! I don't know why they make these things so delicate anyways 
I left a suitcase on the train to London the other day 
Can you describe it , sir 
It's a small blue case and it's got a zip . There's a label on the handle with my name and address on it 
Is this case yours 
No , that's not mine 
What about this one ? This one's got a label 
Let me see it 
What's you name and address 
David Hall , 83 , Bridge Street 
That's right . D.N.Hall . 83.Bridge Street . Three pound and fifty pence please 
Here you are 
Thank you 
Hey 
What ’ s the matter 
This case doesn't belong to me ! You've given me the wrong case 
Great . The bed is exactly what I have been looking for 
You have good taste . It's made of red wood 
Oh , I like red wood . How much do you charge for it 
300 dollars 
That's sheer robbery 
Believe me , it's worth the price 
It's more than I can afford . Can I make an offer 
How much are you willing to pay 
Shall we make it 250 dollars 
No . That price would hardly cover the cost 
What about 260 dollars 
275 dollars is the lowest price I can offer 
It's a deal 
Hello 
Hello . Is there anything I can do for you 
Yes , please . I'd like to open a savings account . Would you please give me some advice 
Certainly , I'll be very happy to help you . Usually we offer current or fixed accounts for individuals 
What's the difference between the two 
If you open a fixed account , the interest rate is higher 
Then how about the current account 
You may withdraw the money at any time . You just need to present your deposit book 
Thank you for your help . I think I'll open a current account 
OK . Do you have your ID card on you 
Yes 
Good . Everything is done . Here is your deposit book and ID card 
Thank you very much 
It's my pleasure 
Good afternoon . How can I help you 
Good afternoon . My name is Monica . I am here for the job interview at 2 PM 
Ok , please first fill in the form and return it to me . You can do it in the next door 
Done . Here is my paper 
Everybody attention . I would like to make sure you all know the process . The interview consists of three parts . One , all of the interviewees will answer the question there and lasts for maximum one hour . Two , we will take a 30 - minute ’ s break . After the break , we all come back to this office and I will announce the successful candidates for the 2nd round . In which , you have a small interview with your future manager 
What about the 3rd round 
Good question . But I will tell you when you pass the first two 
How are your Chinese and English 
I can confidently say that my Chinese and English are pretty good . I won prizes in many speech contests in both Chinese and English 
How would you consider your salary if you succeed in becoming a translator in our company 
I believe every company has its own salary criterion . And you will give me a satisfying salary according to my abilities and performances 
I wonder if you agree that money is not happiness 
I don't entirely agree with you 
Then how do you explain so many rich people committing suicide 
Well , that's a thing 
Shall we go to the library by subway 
Yes , it's far quicker and less complicated 
OK . There is no subway in my city 
Really 
Yes . Does it operate night and day 
Yes , and seven days a week 
Where do we pay the fare 
Follow me , please 
Do I have to pay an additional fare to change trains 
No , you don't have to 
OK , I see 
Do you rent cameras here 
Of course . Which one do you like best 
I want one that is easy to handle 
Try this one . You can get a picture by simply pressing the shutter 
That's good . What's the fee 
Jenny , you look terrible . What's eating you 
Don't brother me 
Hey , Chillon , I'm just trying to help 
Sorry , Sally , it's not your fault 
So , what's the problem 
I drew a blank on ~ about the test 
No kidding ! Didn't you study for it 
Yeah , but nothing was clear during the test 
That's too bad , anyway , I'm sure things will turn around next master 
I'm thinking of dropping out 
You can't do that , Jenny 
I'm dead serious about this , Sally 
Come on , let's talk about it 
That price of ours , by the way , is for a minimum quantity of 1,000 saddles 
Yes , I noticed that . To what extent would local assembly help sales , did you say 
20-30 % . But we proposed the plan from the storage and delivery viewpoint . That is to say , less warehouse space and prompt delivery 
Yes , of course . Assembly would be quite a simple matter . Cycle dealers could put them together in a very short time 
Sales have been exceptionally good during the past twelve months 
Yes , I've noticed that . Where have you been placing them 
All in the local market . One or two suggestions that came in from the distribution might interest you 
Yes . What were they ? Anything that will help sales 
Perhaps . General opinion is that the rear carrier should be offered as an extra 
That's to keep the price down , I suppose . I'll take it up with our overseas department and listen to what they've got to say about this 
Thanks 
Good morning.Are you Mr.Liu 
My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do 
How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here 
Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes 
Oh , yes.How old are you 
Twenty 
Hum , still a student 
Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics 
What subjects are you studying 
English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy 
Have you had any working experience 
Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays 
What do you like to do in your spare time 
I like sports very much.Besides that , I also like working on a computer in my spare time 
How are your English and computer skills 
I have passed the CET - 4 and 6.As far as computer is concerned I can use the computer for word processing 
Okay . Mr.Liu , we'll inform you of the results within a week 
Steven , have you got better now 
Yeah , the doctor said that I can leave soon . I really miss home 
I guess you miss your wife and children very much 
Yeah , you are right . But I have to stay for another day for observation 
If necessary , I can stay here to accompany you until you are discharged 
No , thanks . I am very grateful that you can come to the hospital to visit me 
You are my best friend . That's what I should do . Please don ’ t be a stranger 
Good morning 
Good morning 
What does the paper say 
Nothing much — the same old stuff . A lot of bad news as usual 
Well , what ’ s the weather report 
Sunny and mild today , cloudy and rainy tomorrow 
Did they find those bank robbers 
Not yet . They were holding two men in Ohio , but they let them go . They weren ’ t the criminals after all 
What about the sports page ? What were the scores of last night ’ s games 
Here ’ s the paper ; you can read them yourself 
What time is it , Tom 
Just a minute . It ’ s ten to nine by my watch 
Is it ? I have no idea if I ’ m so late . I must be off now 
What ’ s the hurry 
I must catch the nine-thirty Train 
It ’ s plenty of time yet . The railway station is very close . It won ’ t take your twenty minutes to get there 
When can we expect you for dinner ? Can you come tonight 
Not tonight . I promised to go to a concert with my sister 
Well ... How about Friday then 
That sounds fine 
Good . Shall we say seven o'clock 
I'll be there . You're still a fabulous cook , aren't you 
That'll be for you to decide . I've got a new dish that I want to try out on you 
I'm ready . I'll look forward to it all Friday 
I need a haircut 
Do you have an appointment 
No , I don't . You look pretty busy today . Do you have an opening for me 
Yes , we do . I can cut your hair right now if you like.Do you need a shampoo too , or just a haircut 
Just a haircut . I washed my hair this morning 
Alright . I will have an assistant wet your hair . Then I can cut it.Please step over there.How would you like your hair cut today 
Well , I last had a haircut eight weeks ago . So my hair is pretty long.But I want the same style 
I recommend you leave it a little long on top.But we should take in the back and sides a bit more . That's more fashionable now 
Alright . You are the expert . I'm happy to have your recommendation 
So I will cut the sides just above the ear . Is that good 
Fine 
And do you usually part your hair along here 
Yes 
Alright , I know just what to do.Your hair seems quite dry , you know . And I see some split ends 
Yes , I know my hair is quite thin.It runs in my family . Everybody has very thin hair 
The problem is the split ends . They make your hair look even more frizzy 
I don't know what to do about it 
Well , there are two things you can do.First , don't blow-dry your hair for so long after you shower . Let it dry naturally.That is easier on the hair , so you won't get split ends.Second , buy a g
Do you sell conditioner here 
Of course . I have one I can suggest 
Great . I would be happy to try it . I know my hair doesn't look good now . It's too weak 
The problem is the split ends 
Good morning , sir . Are you Mr . Wang , the personnel manager 
Good morning . Yes , I am . But I ’ m sorry I don ’ t think I know you 
No , you don ’ t . My name is Liu Lili . I got the information from the TV that your department wants to hire a clerk , who will work under you . I would like to apply for the job 
Oh , yes . We do have such a commercial . Sit down , please , Miss Liu . I ’ m glad to see you . Could you tell me about yourself first 
OK . I ’ m 24 this year . I earned my college diploma from the Night College of Foreign Languages Institute in 2010 . My major is English . Recently I ’ Ve also earned my degree in Secretarial Technology 
Could you tell me about your work experience 
Of course . I ’ Ve been working as an office clerk in the Textile Company since my graduation . I do a lot of things , such as typing , handling the daily correspondence , arranging meetings and so on 
Do you enjoy your work 
To be frank , not very much , because I can ’ t use much what I ’ Ve learned in my work . I enjoy doing more challenging work 
Well , according to your experience , perhaps you could tell me what essential qualities a personnel department office clerk should maintain 
Of course . First of all , she must have a strong sense of responsibility 
Good . Go on , please 
She must be an honest person 
Anything else 
She must also be diligent and do a lot of things on her own initiative 
Good . The work includes keeping the files . Have you got any practical experience with that 
Well , no . But I took related courses . I can gain experience quickly . I ’ m sure I can do the job well 
What can I do for you today 
I need to return a book 
Can I do anything else for you 
I want to check this magazine out 
We don ’ t allow people to check out magazines 
Why not 
It ’ s just a policy of ours 
So what am I allowed to check out 
You may check out books or videos 
I need to check out this magazine 
You will have to just read it in the library 
That doesn ’ t make any sense 
What do you think of being a secretary 
I'm not at all keen on that sort of job.It makes me crazy 
How come 
You have to type all day 
Shall we go to cinema this evening ? The new blockbuster starring mel gibson is showing . It ’ s supposed to be really good 
What kind of movie is it ? I don ’ t like many of his movies , actually 
It ’ s a thriller . It has Julia Roberts playing the female lead 
I like thrillers and I like Julia Roberts , so it might be interesting . I read a review today and the critic didn ’ t seem to be very impressed 
What did the critic say 
He didn ’ t say it was bad , but he said that it wasn ’ t as good as it could have been , particularly as there were some good actors and actresses in it 
The movie starts at eight o ’ clock , so we have plenty of time to eat and get ready 
Good . Dinner is nearly ready and I ’ d like to watch the news before we go . The Oscars were last night and I want to see the results 
I won ’ t spoil your enjoyment by telling you who won . There were a few surprises 
I lost track of time , am I late 
Yes . What kept you from arriving on time 
My friend needed me to help him 
I realize that everyone has emergencies ; just get here on time from now on 
I will try . My apologies 
I appreciate you saying that and would like you to join us in our meeting 
Sure , I'll sit right here 
Wonderful , does anyone have any questions about this project 
I am confused about the projected revenues 
I'm glad that some of you get it , but let's go over it once more 
I'm really mad at Bob 
What for ? ( Why ? 
Bob returned from Japan last week . You know that 
Yeah . I met him yesterday.He ' s no longer the same young man as he was eight years ago 
I think so , too 
I haven't met the Smiths for a long time 
They have moved to Chicago 
Why 
Mr.Smith has changed his job 
Did you need help with something 
I don ’ t know where to get my ballot 
I can help you with that 
How can you help me 
I work here 
That ’ s great 
May I see your ID 
Here it is 
All right , here is your ballot card 
What do I do now 
Go to a voting booth and vote 
All right . Thanks for your help 
May I take the liberty to introduce myself to you ? My name is Dick Brown . I am the sales manager of our company 
How do you do 
How do you do 
Excuse me . Can you take me to the airport 
Which airport , ma'am 
Kennedy Airport 
All right , ma'am . Need any help with your luggage 
Thank you , but I'd rather keep this case with me 
Accounting , this is Mike 
Mike , this is Leo in Sales . I was just calling to confirm our meeting tomorrow.Are we still on 
Goodness ! It ’ s been so long I actually forgot . Let me see ... yes , it is on my calendar 
OK . See you at your office at 2:30 
Right , see you then 
Who finances the magazine 
I don't know exactly . I only hear it's financed by a famous film star 
Does it have a large circulation 
Yes , so it really doesn't matter who offers the money.The paper itself is profitable 
Mike , did you win the lottery or something ? Why the big smile 
I'm so relieved . I just passed the bar exam 
You did ? That's great ! You must be very happy now 
That's an understatement . I'm on cloud nine . I couldn't be any happier 
Did you tell your parents yet 
Not yet . I didn't get a hold of them . I'll try to call them again tonight 
They're probably going to be so happy 
I think so . It's turning out to be a great day 
Do you know which bus I can take to PCC 
Tell me where you need to get on at 
I live on Las Flores and Fair Oaks 
If you don't mind walking , I know a bus you can take 
I'm okay with walking 
Walk all the way down Fair Oaks , and catch the 267 on Altadena Drive 
Do you know which direction it should be heading 
You have to catch it going west 
Which stop do I get off on 
You need to get off on the corner of Del Mar and Hill 
Thank you for telling me 
It was my pleasure 
Would you like me to type it for you 
Yes , please . That would be a great help . Are you sure you don ’ t mind 
Not at all . I ’ ll be glad to do it 
Thank you very much 
Shall I right out again first 
No , there ’ s no need 
Can I print it 
No , don ’ t bother . It ’ s all right as it is 
I've heard that you've made a new strange friend recently , Sophie 
Yes . He is an old man with a great sense of humour . Not only can he play the piano , he also draws pictures very well 
So you can learn a lot from him 
Yeah , he has no children , so he sometimes feel s very lonely . I often go to his house to play and talk with him . That makes him feel very happy 
Hi , Jack . Long time no see 
Yeah . How's everything going 
Not bad . At least I am still alive 
Just alive ? I guess you are some lucky guy . I heard you are going out with Jane 
Where did you get that idea 
Oh , come on . Jane is a very nice girl , someone you meet only once till lifetime 
You are right . I am not boasting , but she is really as beautiful as she is intelligent 
Well , I really envy you for finding such a nice girl 
Sorry to trouble you . Can you tell me how to get to the City Bank 
It's about two or there blocks away from here 
How long will it take if I walk 
It'll take you about 15 minutes 
Hello , Jill 
Tom , You're back , come in please.How are you 
Fine , only a little tired 
You'll recover after a good night's sleep 
Thank you very much for looking after my house in my absence 
That's all right.Would you have a cup of coffee 
Yes , Please.It ' s very kind of you 
Don't mention it 
The rooms are very tidy and the flowers grew very well.You are very helpful . I want to thank you for everything you've done for me 
It's my pleasure 
I bought you some books on literature , I don't know if you would like them 
Thank you.Thank you for the trouble you've taken 
Not at all 
Did you watch TV last night , Rose 
Yeah . I saw a science program . It was quite interesting 
What was it about 
Mars . Scientists say there might be water on it 
If so , we may live there someday 
I hope so . Did you know the US successfully sent two robotic explorers to Mars last month 
Sure . I heard about this on the TV . On January 3rd , 2004 , Explorer Spirit landed near the so-called Guser Crater . And three weeks later , Spirit's twin explorer , Opportunity , landed on Meridian Planum named by scientists 
Yes . Both have sent back pictures of the planet . And the latter did a better job 
May I have two tickets for Tiny Times 
OK . What time 
2:30 , please 
It's 60 yuan , please 
Sorry , we have student cards . We can get discounts with these , can't we 
Sure . That'll be 40 yuan , please 
Here is 50 yuan 
Can I bring you anything else 
No , thank you . Just the check 
Let me get this 
No , it is my treat 
Are you sure 
Yes , I owed you for last time 
All right . If you insist . Next time it is on me , though 
Hello , thanks for calling 123 Tech Help , I ’ m Todd . How can I help you 
Hello ? Can you help me ? My computer ! Oh man ..
It ’ s okay sir , calm down . What happened 
I turned on my laptop and it broke ! I mean , the monitor went black 
Ok , sir , it sounds like you might have a virus 
I don ’ t feel sick , ... let me check ... Nope ! No fever , I ’ m fine 
No , your computer might have a virus , I mean , it has a bad program on it . Maybe that ’ s why it crashed . I recommend that you run an antivirus program in order to safely remove any unwanted spyware or Trojans 
Phew ! . . . Wait a minute , CRASH ? ? ! ! Spyware ? Trojans ! What ? where ? when ? 
I am sorry , but I cannot stay for the rest of class today 
Why do you need to leave early 
I don ’ t feel so good 
What doesn ’ t feel right 
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach 
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home 
I have some medicine at home that I could take 
Are you going to be OK to drive home , or would you like someone to go with you 
Thank you , but my friend is in the library , and he can give me a ride home 
We hope that you are feeling better soon . E-mail me if you have any questions 
Okay , next question . If Eric asked you out on a date , what would you say 
Duh ! I would say yes ! Eric is the most popular kid in school ! Okay , my turn . What would you do if you won the lottery 
Let ’ s see ... If I won the lottery , I would buy two tickets for a trip around the world 
If you buy me a ticket I will go with you for sure 
My dad will freak out if I even mention a trip like that 
Alright this is a good one . What would your mom say if you told her you are going to get married 
If I told her that , she would faint and have me committed 
Anything else I can do for you 
I need ten 55 cents stamps and ten 32 cents stamps , please 
OK , here you are.Anything else 
Yes , I need to send the payment to immigration for my aunt's citizenship application . They won't accept checks.How do I send the money 
You can buy a money order and mail mature immigration 
Then I need a money order for 250 dollars 
Please fill out the form for the money order.You also need to pay a one dollar fee 
Thank youse much for all your help 
You're welcome.Have a nice day 
You , too 
Would you mind helping us take a picture 
My pleasure . How do you want me to do it 
Just focus on us and press the button 
Ready ? Say cheese 
Good afternoon . Thank you for the opportunity to interview for this position 
Hello , have a seat . I ’ m Bill Gotcha . I am assuming you found your way here with no trouble 
Actually , I am very familiar with the area so there was absolutely no problem 
I am curious as to why you want to leave your current employer 
I am interested in switching fields 
Do you feel that you are exceptionally good at anything in particular 
I am good at pulling together teams of people to accomplish a task 
What are you not good at 
I am impatient with myself at times and am hard on myself 
We appreciate hearing that about you 
Can I see the doctor 
Yes , do you have an appointment 
No , I don't 
Well . The doctor doesn't see nobody without an appointment 
Well , I am spending my vacation here and I have a stomachache and ..
Oh , I see . Maybe we can fit you in at 3 
I ’ d prefer to see him asap . If I have to wait for another 30 mins , I think I will faint from this unbearable pain in my stomach and ..
Oh , why didn't you say it's an emergency ? Here , fill out this form and take a seat . I'll send you in next.You don't have insurance 
No , not for this country 
How about traveler's insurance 
No , I didn't think I ’ d need it 
Can you pay cash , then 
Cash , credit card , cheque anything . I just have to see a doctor . I am in pain 
All right , all right , relax . I am only trying to do my job 
I know . I am sorry that I yelled at you 
How is your appetite today 
I'm rather hungry now 
What would you like to have 
Please give me a piece of pie first 
Which would you rather have , beef or chicken 
Beef , please 
How about drinks ? Coffee or tea 
Coffee , please 
Do you want to take milk and sugar 
Only black coffee 
I am looking for a blouse . Can you show me the way , please 
OK , what style do you want 
I have no idea . Could you recommend me one 
What about this one ? It fits you 
Well , the style is quite good , but I think it's too showy . I would like to try on the lighter one 
You look kind of green 
I don ’ t feel so good . I am feeling sick to my stomach 
Have you had anything to eat lately 
I had fried shrimp and clams for lunch 
Perhaps the food was bad 
Perhaps , but I haven ’ t felt well for a few days now 
Has anything been upsetting you lately 
My stress level is pretty much what is usually is 
Do you think that maybe you are getting the flu 
It seems to me like I may have caught a bug 
It's my wife's birthday . I need to buy some flowers for her 
Most women love red roses for their birthday 
How much will the roses be 
You can get a dozen for only $ 20 
Now , that's a price that I like 
You're in luck today because the roses are on sale 
Okay , I'll take the roses 
Very good . Perhaps you'd like something else to go with the roses 
No , the roses are good enough 
Women love roses , so your wife will be very happy 
Craig , what do you do for work 
I'm still a student 
What school do you go to 
Boston University 
That's a good school . What do you study 
I'm studying English , math , and history . My major is English 
How long have you been studying English 
More than six years 
That's a long time 
Yeah , I started to learn English when I was in high school 
No wonder your English is so good 
Actually , it's not that good . I can read but I can't speak very well . I haven't had a lot of chance to practice 
I see . Talking with other people is very important 
Yes , but I still don't have many friends here yet 
I'm having a party tonight at my apartment . You should come 
Oh thanks for inviting me . I'd love to come 
Hello , how can I help you today 
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account 
Please fill out this slip stating how much you wish to withdraw 
Well , actually , it's quite a substantial amount . Here's my Bank Book . Will that cause a problem 
On your account there is no limit to over the counter withdrawals , it won't cause a problem . Here's your money , 10,000 RIB . Please count it before you leave 
Yes , that seems to be all in order . Thanks very much 
Hi Joe , how are you doing today 
Things are going good today . How have you been doing , Mary 
Things are going well for me , Joe 
Want to go see a movie tonight 
My parents are taking me to dinner tonight 
Could you go with me to the movies on Friday night , instead 
What movie did you want to see 
There is a new horror flick about a rapist serial killer 
I was thinking that I would like to see “ The Secret Life of Bees . 
Oh great ! Sounds like something I need to bring Kleenex to 
Jenny , do you want to go to see a movie 
What's on tonight 
I want to see ' Click . 
Who is in this movie 
I don't know . My friend told me it was a touching movie 
Have you got any outdoor interests 
Yes . My only recreation is skateboarding 
Oh , I know it . It is included in extreme sports . I think it's too dangerous for me 
Maybe . But it emphasizes participation and a spirit of courage , and can give one the extreme sense of cheerfulness and success . I'm getting to like the game more and more 
Good afternoon , sir . Have you made a reservation 
I am afraid not . Are there any vacant tables 
I don't think so . You have to wait for about 10 minutes 
That's all right 
The language used in this multinational company is mainly about English ; do you think you can manage to handle that 
Yes . I am sure I can . I was an English major in college 
What about your second foreign language since you were an English major 
Russian is my second foreign language and I excelled the rest of my class in Russian because my father is a Russian 
What prompted you to apply to this company 
It owns 10 factories and offers stocks to the public 
Why do I have to hire you 
I have a proven track record in resolving problems , multitasking , and dealing with customers , as you can sec in my resume . I think it is enough 
Could you tell me the time 
Pardon 
What time is it , please 
It's 9:30 
I've had enough of that 
Why , this is the most interesting film 
I hate the hero.He ' s too cruel 
But it's only a film 
Can we talk 
Sure , honey , we ’ re talking now , aren ’ t we 
You know what I mean 
Yeah . I know 
I want to know where this relationship is going . I ’ m in love with you and I need to know ..
You know , I think you ’ re awesome 
I ’ m awesome . Well , I guess that ’ s my answer , isn ’ t it 
Honey ..
Look , if you don ’ t love me , it ’ s not a thing , alright , we ’ Ve had our laughs , but I don ’ t appreciate ... maybe it ’ s just time we ..
Baby , I love you so much 
You do 
I love you . And I think you ’ re awesome 
Oh , I love you too 
Come on . Put the gun down 
Oh baby , I ’ m so sorry 
Excuse me , can I deposit valuables here 
Surely of course 
Here is the bag . Is that free 
Yes . How long would you like us to keep it 
For two days 
Owl ! I've twisted my ankle . I slipped on that greasy patch over there . I don't think it's broken but it really hurts 
Sit down here - don't put any pressure on it . I'd better call the company doctor 
Have you seen that house 
Yes , it looks interesting 
You're right . I love it very much 
It must be old 
At least more than 100 years old 
Let's enter it 
I can't open the door 
It must be locked 
Let me ask the old woman in that reception office 
She can't answer you 
She must be deaf 
It must be a haunted house.Are you frightened 
Frightened ? You must be joking 
Are you ready to go to the mall 
Yeah . Dig my new pants 
Copycat 
What do you mean 
You went out and bought khakis , too 
No . Mine are a soft brown . Yours are khaki 
Whatever 
I hear you're going to Tainan to visit your uncle 
That's correct 
Well , say hello to him for me 
And we got a 50 thousand dollar ticket for construction workers peeing off the roof 
That ’ s great . Is the electrician here today 
See , I just told you he hit a deer . Man , I knew you weren ’ t listening to me 
You ’ re right . I wasn ’ t . I hear nothing 
Nothing 
Not a sound on the city streets , just the beat of my own heart , I think that ’ s how it goes , something like that 
You and Patricia got engaged , didn ’ t you ? You can tell me 
Engaged 
Come on 
Are you crazy 
What ? I thought you liked Patricia 
Can you skillfully operate the computer 
Yes , I can . I have three years experience in operating computers 
What kind of software can you use 
I can skillfully use Dos , Windows 
Do you have any certificates on computer 
Yes , I have ACRE certificate , rank 2 
Any other certificates 
Yes , I have a Cambridge Business English Certificate and Lawyer ’ s Qualification Certificate 
Do you have any other special skills 
I like photography very much . I used to be awarded second prize in a photography contest at our university 
What do you think of the Olympic motto ' Higher , faster and stronger ' 
Well , it's better than ' Friendship first , competition second ' 
Why ? In my opinion , it doesn't matter whether you won or not . The most important thing is participation 
I still think nobody plays for nothing 
Can you offer the Five Insurances for me 
Yes , we have insurance against old age , medical problems , unemployment , work injury and childbirth 
How are they get paid 
Insurance against old age , medical problems , unemployment will be paid by both the company and you , and the others by the company 
Well , you seem to enjoy speaking English 
You can't help learning when you're using it all day.You ' ll see . A few weeks ' study in the school will have a similar effect on you 
I hope so.You see , at the moment I find it difficult to get used to the teacher's speed and accent . I'm awfully worried , I can't reply as quickly as she seems to expect 
Oh , she likes keeping us on our toes by getting us use English throughout the class.She doesn't mind your making mistakes , though 
You know , speaking in class is a very good chance to put your English to practical use 
I really like the way this house looks 
Yes , it has great curb appeal 
The landscaping is wonderful 
Yes , it is nice , but wait until you see the interior 
Oh , I see what you mean 
The carpeting and paint are all new , as well as the window treatments 
I love the sage green carpeting with the sunset-colored walls 
Come and see the kitchen 
Oh , look at that beautiful countertop material and the double sink 
Let ’ s go check out the bedroom and bathroom 
I really like the Jacuzzi bathtub in the bathroom 
I am happy that you like the house . We should write down what we like so that we can remember it 
Here we are . This is Wangfujing Street 
Thank you . How much is it 
25 yuan , please 
Here ’ s 30 yuan 
Thank you . Here ’ s your change and receipt 
Oh , hi Pam . When did you get back from Canada ? How was it 
The day before yesterday . I only visited Montreal and Ottawa , but I had a great time 
Which city did you like better 
That's hard to say ... I think Ottawa is prettier.It has better sightseeing , too . A lot of museums and galleries 
And what's Montreal like ? What did you think of it 
Montreal is more exciting . It has better shopping.The stores are cheaper and more interesting 
Which one has better nightlife 
Oh , Montreal of sure . It has more restaurants and clubs.They say Montreal is the most exciting city in Canada 
Well , I've always wanted to see Vancouver . I've heard it has the most beautiful views 
Oh . I just wanted you to shut up . You were off-key anyway . Let me see that 
OK ... just grab it right out of my hands ..
What a cool see-through blue ! How do you wear this thing 
That piece fits on to your ear . It hooks right on . And you just put the other one in your other ear 
How do I turn it on 
What do you do now 
I'm out of work at the moment 
Why 
I was fired last week 
I'm sorry to hear that 
It doesn't matter 
What's your plan now 
After the tour I'll have a rest . And then go to find a new job 
Best wishes for you 
Thank you 
Waiter , show me the menu , please 
Yes , here you are . Would you care to order now , Sir 
I'll have the baked salmon 
Any vegetable 
I'd rather have broccoli 
OK . Can I serve you anything else 
Yes , I'd like another cup of coffee 
All right 
Excuse me , what's the charge for a picture 
$ 1 . You can get your photos instantly 
That's great . Give me the landscape of the Triumphal for the background 
No problem . Say ' cheese ' . That's good . Please wait a moment 
Hi , I am so glad to see you 
Are you kidding me ? Why do you say so 
You know , I'm about to graduate and I have to look for a job as soon as possible . But I haven ’ t the faintest idea of how to go about finding a job 
OK . Let me see where to start 
I guess first I should prepare a resume , right 
Sure . You should include your name , address and phone number in your resume 
Then what else should I put into my resume 
Your job objectives , of course . In other words , what kind of job are you searching for 
I got it . Then I should mention my educating background and working experience , should I 
Yes . And don't forget to list them by date . Besides , you should begin with the most recent and then move backward 
I see . Is that all there is to it 
No , it's also necessary to list a few related interests that are in some way connected to the jobs you want to take 
Oh , good point . You mean here I should show off my special skills and talents to impress the boss 
You said it . At last you ’ d better attach a list of references to your resume 
That's easy 
And one more thing , smile widely 
And lots of Dear Abby sob stories ..
Hey ! I learn a lot from the psychologists who give advice in those columns 
No wonder you're such a wacko ..
Whatever ... Smell ! Perfume samples 
Nice . Hey , I like the layout of this page ..
You mean , you like the pictures of the beautiful models ... Hello 
I ’ ll need to meet with you before you go on vacation , Alex . I have a few things to clear up 
I ’ ll be glad to . But my schedule is super tight this week . I think the only time I have free is at lunch on Wednesday 
That ’ s fine . I can make that 
All right , then . I ’ ll see you at noon on Wednesday 
Come on.Plenty of room upstairs.Fares please 
One to the beach . How much is it 
One dollar ... I'm short of change this morning 
Sorry . I can wait a moment 
Good , here's your ticket and four dollars change 
Thank you 
OK , so are you ready to learn how to bake a cake 
Almost , let me just put my apron on 
OK , so the first thing we are going to do is pre-heat the oven , that way we have it at the desired temperature once we finish preparing everything . Set it to three hundred and seventy five degrees Fahrenheit 
Got it 
No we are gonna make the batter . Take some butter and sugar and mix it lightly until you have a nice consistency . Then add some vanilla extract and eggs and continue mixing 
Do I have to use a whisk or can I use the electric mixer 
Go ahead and use the mixer , but put it on medium speed . I'm gonna sift the flour and baking powder separately and then we can mix it with milk and the rest of the ingredients 
OK , so now we need a baking pan right 
Yeah , but grease and flour it first so the cake won't stick to it when it bakes 
Done . So how long do we bake it for 
We can leave it in there for about twenty five minutes . Then we let it cool for ten minutes before we remove the cake from the pan 
Wow ! This was a lot easier than I thought 
I am here to sign my escrow papers 
I will tell you ahead of time , that there is a lot to sign here , but I will help you every step of the way 
Should I have brought anything with me 
Basically , what I need from you now is your driver ’ s license or some ID that shows your residency status 
Where do I start 
We will be going through these papers one by one . I will be explaining them all to you , and you can ask questions as we go 
Can I make a phone call to a friend if I have a question 
We do not want you to sign any documents that you do not understand . You may get assistance with any questions that you have 
Will the house be mine when we finish these documents 
This is the last thing you need to do , but it may take a while for the papers to be processed 
Come on , darling.We haven't got much time 
All right . I'm nearly ready.What time does the bus leave 
Half past six ... and it's half past six already 
Oh , we've got plenty of time 
We haven't . Hurry up 
All right.Let ' s go 
And about time too 
Good afternoon , miss , can I help you 
Yes , I ’ d like to buy this dress , please 
It ’ s certainly a pretty dress . I can ring you up at the register over here 
Great 
Will you be paying by cash , check , or credit card 
I want to use a credit card . Do you take Discover 
Sorry , no . We only take MasterCard or Visa 
I ’ ll put it on my Visa card , then 
Very well , ma ’ am . Oh , there seems to be a problem , it says it ’ s rejected 
There must be something wrong with the system . Try my MasterCard 
Alright . Thank you . Yes , it seems to be working fine . Your total is $ 199.00 , sign here , please 
Sure 
Here you go , and here ’ s your receipt . Have a nice day 
Thanks . You have a good one , too 
Good day to you . How can I be of service today 
Hello . I'd like to open a Foreign Currency Account 
I see . Well , this bank offers many different accounts of this nature . There are 7 to choose from
Oh dear . I wanted AUD . Is that not possible 
Well , you could change your Australian dollars into , say British pounds and then open an account . How does that sound 
Maybe I'll go for the US dollar account 
Where do these flower vases come from 
They are made a town nearby . The flower vases are made of porcelain and covered with tiny bamboo sticks 
Are they breakable 
No . They are not only ornamental , but also useful 
No wonder it's so expensive 
Last week , we had a performance review on all the staff in our department in last quarter . Stevens , can you provide more information about the performance review 
Yes , sir . Most of us had positive review in last quarter . Take Fred and David for examples . Both of them try their best to achieve the best . Their progress is distinct , especially in last quarter 
They are popular in and out of our department . Fred is easygoing , while David is cautious in working 
All these say a lot for their characters 
So , I want to recommend them for a raise . Fred is promoted to be the assistant of manager in marketing department and David to be director of office 
Room service.What can I do for you 
I have just checked in this afternoon . I am wondering what shall I do if I want to have some clothes washed 
There is a laundry form in your room ars well as a bag.Fill out the form and put them together with the laundry in the bag.The maid will come and pick it up 
That's convenient.Thank you 
Excuse me , sir . Can I help you 
Yes , I'm looking for a book on Chinese history 
I haven't got enough for prosecuting him 
Why don't you find someone who is in the know 
I'm just thinking about that , but the trouble is , I don't know who is well in the know 
Did you ask his former sectary , Lora ? She knows a lot about him 
Thanks for reminding me . She's the right person to help me 
Bill , I have received the admission letter from Cambridge University 
Congratulations 
How about you ? Have you got any news from university 
No . But I am going to apply for some vocational schools . I like fashion design and want to study it 
I am glad you can study something you really like 
How old are you 
That's a secret 
Hello , stewardess . Could you bring me a blanket ? I feel so cold 
Sure , anything else 
I'd like a pillow as Well 
OK . Here you are 
Do you think they two will get married 
You can count on it 
I think so.Yes , they get along so well 
I like him.He ' s good for her 
You're right . He sure is 
What are you waiting for ? Get on that bus quickly 
But where do I get a ticket 
On the bus . The driver collects the fares . You'll have to take your luggage on board 
Oh , I wish I didn ’ t have so much to carry 
Hello . Could I speak to Justin , please 
Speaking 
Oh , hi Justin . This is Karen Hepburn.We met at Chris and Jim's party 
Of course . How're you 
Great . Uh , Justin , would you like to see Otis Lesley on Thursday night ? He's at the Kangaroo Club 
I'm sorry , Karen , but I can't . I have to work late this Thursday 
Oh ... that's too bad 
Yeah . I really like Lesley 
Actually , are you doing anything on Friday or Saturday ? He's playing those two nights as well 
Well , I can't make it on Friday either , but I'm free on Saturday night . What time does it start 
At eight sharp.How about meeting in front of the club at about a quarter after seven 
That sounds perfect.And let's go out for coffee after the show 
Sure 
See you at seven fifteen , Saturday 
Mary , besides the resume , I think we should also write an application letter 
I think so , but how should we write it 
I think we should begin the letter with a salutation , and the salutation must be very formal 
Yes , it should be so . Then we should write the body and in the body we should mention the place where we saw the job advertisement 
We should say we are very interested in that job , and we hope to get that job 
We should write our skills and let the company know we are competent for the job 
For example , I have mastered Business English very well , and I also know a little Spanish 
Oh , you have recommended yourself very well . I should think about how to recommend myself as well 
You can say you have had a firm grasp of the professional knowledge , and you can communicate with others proficiently in English 
Yes . At the end , we should conclude the letter with greetings 
Let's write it at once 
Are you ready to order ? May I suggest a veal 
No , I'll have the fish please 
The chicken is also nice 
No , I want the fish 
Our special tonight is lobster 
Thank you , but I prefer the fish
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb
No , I like the fish 
What ever you say 
Can I help you 
Yes.Do you have football stockings here 
Yes.There are two colors 
OK , I'll buy two pairs of each color.And do you have sports socks 
Yes 
OK , give me two pairs in white 
Anything else 
No.That ' s all 
Good afternoon.Welcome to China.May I see your passport , customs and health declaration form 
Yes , here you are 
Thank you.What ' s your occupation , Mr . Smith 
I'm the general manager of the Far-East Industry Corporation 
You are here on business , aren't you 
Yes , I have been invited by the East Import & Export Corporation of China for business talks 
I see.Do you have anything to declare 
Yes , I have some foreign currency to declare 
Would you please fill out this currency declaration form ? It's a record of the foreign currency you have brough in 
All right 
Excuse me . Do you mind if I try this on 
Not at all . The changing rooms are just this way 
Thanks . It's a little tight . Do you have any in a larger size 
Sure . I'll give you the next size up . That one is small , right 
Yes . Also , I'm not so sure about the color 
Well.It doesn't go with your skirt . I think the color itself is fine though 
Where would you like to have your dinner 
I don't care as long as it's a Chinese restaurant 
You don't like Western food 
I really find Chinese dishes more to my taste 
Do you know where I can find old music boxes 
You could try shopping at a flea market 
What's that ? I've never heard of such a thing 
A flea market is an outdoor place where people sell all kinds of used stuff 
OK , Where can I find one 
Well , you can check the local paper or search ‘ flea market ' online 
Mr . Smith is really a thorough drag 
What is it 
He's endless talking about stocks almost bores me to death 
Don't you like to know anything about stocks 
I'm not at all keen on this subject 
Excuse me , could you tell me where I can get a shopping basket 
Yes , Madam . It is at the entrance 
Well , I can't find the way to the entrance . Would you tell me where the entrance is 
Okay . Follow me please 
Thank you very much . By the way , where are the vegetables 
In aisle 3 
Come and sit down . Would you like a drink 
Oh , yes please ! I'd love a gin and tonic 
Do you like olives ? Or would you prefer crisps 
Oh , just olives please . What music is this 
Do you like it ? It's Irish music 
It's great ! Where did you get the CD 
Arm - I think it was in the CD shop in the Mall . Have you been there 
Yes . I buy a lot of stuff from there . It's a good shop , isn't it 
Yes . Hey , I've got some photos of our holiday in Ireland . Would you like to see them 
Why not ? I'd love to 
Do you really have to work today 
Yes . I'm afraid so 
But you'll miss out on the football game 
Oh . Well , it can't be helped 
you are dressed to kill . You look gorgeous , Alexander 
thanks . This is my power suit . I have a dinner date tonight 
how did you meet each other 
she's a friend of Amy . We met at Amy's birthday party 
is this your first date 
yes . I hope it pans out . Cross your fingers , Lily 
sure it will . Oh , no , it's seven fifteen already . I'm going to be late for my date 
oh ... so you buried the hatchet with Steven 
absolutely not ! He's a cheater . I will never talk to him again . I'm over with him . He's history 
then who will you meet tonight 
a guy I met on the internet three month ago 
really ? Are you sure this is a good idea 
please don't be so fussy ! I didn't just meet him yesterday 
I know , but remember to meet in a public place and don't give out your personal information 
Jack , you should have known in general the situation of our company now 
Yes , and I am very satisfied with it 
Do you have any other questions 
Would you please tell me about fringe benefits of the company 
OK , we will pay insurances for employees after the probationary period 
What do they include 
Include endowment insurance , medical insurance , unemployment insurance , work-related injury insurance and maternity insurance 
That sounds great 
Employees will also have housing payment reserve funds 
The fringe benefits in your company are excellent , and it's generous of you to offer five insurances and one fund
Do you have other questions 
I want to know if the staff can get a vacation every year 
The permanent staff can have a paid month-long vacation every year . Besides , they also get chances of free traveling 
That's quite good . Thank you for telling me about those 
Please show me the menu , Miss 
Of course . Here you are . Can I take your order now 
Yes . I'd like an Italian soup to start with and then some fried noodles 
All right . Can I serve you anything else 
Yes , I'd like another cup of coffee afterwards . Make it hot , please 
You've got it , sir 
Did you check the internet for next week's weather forecast 
I sure did . You're in luck ! It's supposed to snow all week in the mountains 
Yes ! Somebody up there loves me ! I knew it wasn't too late for snow 
It is kind of strange though , to have snow in April , and so much of it 
There have been so many dry winters lately that it's about time , don't you think 
When you put it that way , I guess the skies can't hold out on us forever 
This will be the best ski trip I've ever taken . I can't wait to use my new hoard 
It will be the best as long as the weatherman is right 
Can you believe her ? She is not even a hundred pounds and she is going off on how she wants to go on a diet 
Tell me about it . If I was as small as her , I wouldn't think about going on a diet 
Me too . But what are we going to do ? I have been on 4 different diets and I can't seem to lose weight 
That's because you don't exercise . If you were more active , you wouldn't have a dieting problem 
What do you know ? You are over weight too 
I'm not on a diet though 
I know . But I don't have someone to diet with . If we help each other and motivate each other , then I think we can lose some weight 
I like ice cream too much though 
C'mon . You'll feel better and look better and as a reward you can eat a little bit of ice cream here and there 
It does sound appealing 
It's a great idea . I can't believe I didn't think of this earlier . Going on a diet with a friend to back you up is a great way to succeed 
Okay . I'm in . Let's do it 
Great . I'll get our plan started right away 
Can we start tomorrow though 
Julia , I apologize to you for what I have done . Please forgive me 
I've already forgiven you . Actually , I also owe you an apology . I was so rude to you that day 
It does ’ t matter . I know that people are easy to get mad when they're tired 
Thanks for your understanding 
You're welcome . Happy couples need mutual understanding 
Marco has fallen off a ladder . I think he's hurt his back . What shall we do 
We'd better not move him . I'll get the first-aider 
You stink 
I'll go take a shower 
What in the world is that smell 
The aroma of roasting coffee beans 
Smells like you're baking something . What are those 
Green beans . They pop and turn brown when you roast them 
Cool ! But isn't that a hot air popcorn popper 
This machine roasts the beans just right . If you roast them too long , or the temperature is too hot ..
The beans will burn . I know . I've tasted burnt coffee before ... yuck 
Saying you want to kill yourself , you terrified me out of my wits 
I was playing a joke on you 
That ’ s too much 
Dear , forgive me . I won ’ t do that again 
Hey Sarah . Why are you limping 
Oh . Hi Matt . I went snowboarding yesterday and my whole body aches 
Was it your first time 
Yeah . And I never want to go again 
I remember the first time I went . My back was sore , I couldn't sit down because it hurt my butt , and my legs would cramp if I walked too fast 
That's exactly how I feel now 
It's only like that the first couple of times 
Ha . There won't be a next time 
You gotta give it a chance . It's fun after awhile 
I'll think about it after I start feeling better . Right now , I don't even want to hear the word snowboarding 
Welcome to Super Stereos . What can I do for you 
I'd like to look at your stereo systems . Do you have anything on sale 
Yes , this system over here is on sale for $ 1,000 . As you can see , all of the components are brand-name 
But it doesn't have a turntable . I have a fair number of vinyl records , so I need something to play them on 
Our selection of stereo systems with turntables is somewhat limited , but we do have this system over here 
How old is Keith 
He's 21 . How old is James 
He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger 
How's your father 
He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement 
He can spend more time with his grandchildren 
Oh , I don't think he wants to . He wants to travel to several different countries around the world 
So , he wants to have a more active retirement . Good idea 
How do you want to spend your old age 
In the same way , probably 
Name and examination number , please 
My name is Han Ran , number is 050920 
What part of the country do you come from 
I ’ m from Living , Yunnan Province 
Where is it 
It's a very beautiful place in Southwest China 
Do you have a big family at your hometown 
Not very big . There are five of us — grandmother , father , mother , sister and I 
Are you married 
No . I'm still single 
What happened 
I don't know 
Let's stop and have a look 
Don't waste time 
I'm curious about that 
But it's none of our business 
What do you think of the coming match 
Winning is a piece of cake to me 
You are bragging again 
It's the latest and quite popular among young people 
Yes , I know and I like it very much . I will take it 
Sure . Here is your receipt 
How long is this cell phone guaranteed 
You can refund it in 7 days and exchange it in one year 
Good morning , is there anything I can do for you 
Can you enlarge the picture 
Yes , what size do you want 
I want it enlarged to 5 inches 
No problem . Come and get your picture on Friday 
Everything's gone wrong 
I know , it's not as I had planned 
What are we going to do now 
I'll speak to Bob , he'll be able to help us 
What can I do for you 
I would like to cancel one of my accounts 
Is there a problem with your account 
I only need one 
What about all your money in that account 
Could you please transfer that money to my remaining account 
That ’ s fine 
I appreciate it 
Would you like to make a withdrawal 
That ’ s all for today 
I ’ ll just cancel your account right now 
I greatly appreciate your help 
Hi , I ’ d like to have my phone turned on , please 
At what address , sir 
345 Lincoln Avenue . Oklahoma City 
O . K . Your name please 
John Smith 
One moment please . Very well , Mr . Smith . I need to ask you a few questions 
Very well 
The interview will take about 15 minutes , and your phone will be turned on in 24 hours 
Fifteen minutes ? I ’ m sorry , but I ’ ll have to call back . I need to get back to work 
O . K . Mr . Smith . Thanks for calling 
Steven , it's ten o'clock . I'm going to bed . I'm beat 
Okay . I'm going to stay up a while . I've got to go over the household budget . We've sightly overspent this month 
Oh , can't you do it tomorrow ? It's already past 10 
But I'm not sleepy , darling . I want to finish it today 
Okay . Please close the door to the basement before you go to bed . I don't want the dog down there tonight 
Okay . Good night . Have a good dream 
Good night 
My wife is in labor 
Here , Ma ’ am please get on the stretcher 
Is Doctor Hawkins here ? She ’ s our doctor . We called her from the car 
Calm down , sir . We ’ ll call her to make sure she ’ s on the way 
Thanks . Sorry . It just came as such a surprise . The baby isn ’ t due for another two weeks 
How long has she been in labor 
About fifteen minutes 
O . K . Are you planning on being in the delivery room , sir 
Yes 
Please follow the nurse . She ’ ll get you ready 
Hello , welcome to Credit Services . How can we help you 
I'm interested in applying for a credit card with you 
Are you an existing customer 
Yes , I've had a Current Account with a debit card with you for years . Now , I'm looking at upgrading to a credit card 
May I ask why you didn't think of applying for a credit card with us sooner ? Most young people jump at the chance 
When I opened the account with you , I was a student , I graduated a couple of years ago and have a steady salary , so I figured now would be the best time to go ahead 
That's very sensible of you . We have many fresh graduates applying for credit cards , getting them and then going on a spending spree and being unable to meet the repayments 
As you can see from the statements for my Current Account , I have never been overdrawn . I'm always very careful about that 
I've been thinking about getting my hair cut 
I thought you were going to let it grow out long 
I said that , didn't I ? But I just don't know what to do with it 
You're in one of those in-between stages , aren't you 
Yes , it's not short enough to be wash-and-go and not long enough to do anything fancy 
Have you thought about wearing a hat 
Everywhere I go 
Well , it's one way to get through the in-betweens if you really want to grow it out 
Would you mail a letter for me ? My hands are full 
Oh , I am sorry . I ’ m afraid I can ’ t do it now . I have to meet my supervisor in a few seconds . But I could mail it after that 
That ’ s fine . We ’ re going to drop in and see Jimmy tonight . Don ’ t forget it 
I won ’ t 
Thanks . See you 
Don ’ t mention it . See you 
How can I lose weight , doctor ? I seem to get fatter even when I just look at food 
Well , Jim . It is a combination of how much you eat , the type of food you eat , and when you eat your meals 
I never eat breakfast though 
That's a big mistake , you should always have a good breakfast . You will not run your car without fuel , and yet you won't expect your body to work without food 
I never thought about it that way 
I bet you eat a large evening meal , then sit and watch TV or read a book . Then instead of burning off your energy , your body stores it as fat 
Oh doctor , I feel so foolish 
Well control is really using common sense when you plan your eating habits 
I know doctor , thank you so much 
Hello , Tom . I'm really glad to meet you here 
I'm glad too . Steven , I want to tell you that I'm going to divorce my wife 
I'm so surprised , B . Why did you decide to end your marriage suddenly 
We don't get along well with each other and fight a lot 
I didn't know that . I thought that you were happy together 
That isn't true . Actually , we have been separated for six months 
I can't believe it . But if you both determine to divorce , I hope you will have an amicable split 
Thank you , Steven . I accept your advice 
Hello , Tom . I'm really glad to meet you here 
I'm glad too . Steven , I want to tell you that I'm going to divorce my wife 
I'm so surprised , B . Why did you decide to end your marriage suddenly 
We don't get along well with each other and fight a lot 
I didn't know that . I thought that you were happy together 
That isn't true . Actually , we have been separated for six months 
I can't believe it . But if you both determine to divorce , I hope you will have an amicable split 
Thank you , Steven . I accept your advice 
How time flies ! We have been in Beijing for almost 4 years 
yes , I can still recall the days when we were all seniors at college . I asked you whether you would go back to your hometown or not 
yeah , feels like yesterday . Now I ’ m almost settled down here . We ’ re planning to buy an apartment and tie the knot 
congratulations ! I hope when you hold the wedding ceremony , I ’ m still residing in Beijing 
thank you . Is your company going to move to other cities 
no , I ’ m planning to quit this job and go back to work in my hometown after the spring festival 
why is that 
well , I still can ’ t adjust to the fast pace of city life 
yeah , the hustle and bustle is really difficult to handle 
that ’ s right . I work extremely hard , and try my best to adapt to the lifestyle here , but I don ’ t feel any sense of belonging here 
I understand your position . Perhaps it ’ s time to stop floating and go back to where you belong . You ’ ll feel much better with your family around 
yeah , I think so 
Would you consider an offer of $ 56,000 per year 
What kind of benefits are we talking about 
Our standard package includes health insurance , two weeks vacation and a company car 
Are these things negotiable 
Uh ... not normally . What do you have in mind 
Vacation time is important to me . I would be willing to give up these other items in order to receive more vacation days 
What an interesting idea , Ms . Wilson . Would you also be willing to accept a cut in initial salary 
Possibly . What do you have in mind 
What seems to be the problem 
My stomach hurts , Doctor 
Has this been a problem before 
Yes 
For how long 
I have had it on and off for the past three years . It's just gotten much worse these past two weeks 
Do you only feel this way when you stomach is empty 
After I've eaten , it goes away for a while 
Do you feel nauseous 
Yes , occasionally 
Do you have regular bowel movements 
I think so 
Let me take a look at your abdomen . Lie down on your back and bend your knees up . OK . relax ... Alright , it seems like you have a duodenal ulcer , but we'll have to run some tests before I can be certain . You should get a good rest first and try not to strain your stomach too much 
Is it serious 
Not too serious , but it'll take you some time to recover , so you'll need to be patient 
Are you aware of the reason why I pulled you over 
No , sir 
I pulled you over because your brake light is out 
I'm sorry . I did not know that 
I have to write you a ticket 
Can't you give me a warning 
I'm not going to be able to do that 
How much will the fine be 
You'll find that out on your court date 
I have to go to court over a brake light 
That's how it works 
Can I have the ticket , please 
Earning extra income on the Internet is easier than you might think . After I started selling traditional craft items on the Internet last year , I have really been able to make bank doing something I love 
Is that right ? I hear all these horror stories of internet business crashing because there is not enough of a customer base yet . How can you be sure your idea will cash in 
To run a successful internet business , it requires a little research and relatively small investment . You've got to have a good idea of some kind of product that is in demand or would be popular 
That's marketing research ... But what about getting started once you have an idea 
After you have your great idea , then you can set up shop by registering a domain name , creating a website , an email address , and a hosting service . If you want to go all out on your website , you can put together shopping cart technology , but that can be pricey to start out with 
Sounds like a lot of work 
Anything worth doing takes work . Money doesn't grow on trees ... Most of us have to work for it 
Ann , stop bugging Jess and help me order something new . Lattes are so passe these days 
Why don't you try an Americano ? Espresso with water 
Sounds a little weak 
Go with a hammerhead then-espresso mixed with drip coffee 
Sounds better , but I hope it doesn't inspire me to take a hammer to the client's head 
Don't worry , James . We'll get this case worked out in no time 
We're on the same team here , Elvin . I'm being nice because we need to get along together 
I know you , Zina . You're only nice when you want something 
If we want to beat WebTracker , we're going to have to work hand in hand 
To be honest , I'm starting to wonder if it's worth it 
You'd rather lose to WebTracker than do things my way 
You said it , not me 
what sort of music do you like 
I love just about anything by Prince 
so , you're into 80s music then 
well , I like all kinds of music , but he is one of my favorites . How about you 
I like alternative music 
do you have a favorite band 
to be honest , no . I'm always in search of new music to listen to 
do you often go to concerts 
I usually go to see a live band about twice a month . What about you 
I love going to live gigs . Are there any good local bands playing around here that you'd recommend 
there's an open mic night at the pub down the road every Thursday night where my favorite local band usually plays . You should come along next week with me 
I'd love to , but I have a night class on Thursdays 
that's too bad . Maybe another time 
let me know if you hear about any good bands playing on the weekends . I have more free time then 
I'll let you know . Did you want to watch some TV 
sure , what's on 
there's a reality TV show about a group of people who are trying to lose weight 
that sounds dreadful 
Morning , Tom 
Hi , Mary 
You seem to be in a hurry 
Yes . I ’ Ve got a meeting in a minute 
Okay . I won ’ t hold you up then 
Right . I ’ ll see you later 
See you later 
Peter , it's time to get up 
Ten more minutes , mom 
What time is it now 
It's already 3 8 o'clock 
Well , honey , wake up , or you'll be late for school 
I want to get a bite to eat 
What are you thinking of getting 
I have no idea what I want 
You can get a burger , or some Chinese food . Or maybe you can get some Mexican food 
I wouldn't mind getting some Chinese food 
Where are you going to get your Chinese food from 
I'm not sure 
When I want Chinese food , I go to Panda Express 
Do they do a good job on the food 
The food isn't bad there 
I think I will get my food from Panda Express , too 
Can I see your parents some time tomorrow 
Sorry , they are too busy these days 
How about this weekend 
Yes , I think so 
I'm going over to the gym . I want to do some running 
Why don't you run outside 
Are you kidding ? Do you know how cold it is today 
Yeah , I suppose . I guess it isn't healthy to run in this weather 
No , it's not . Not at all . I'd probably freeze my lungs 
Wait for me a minute . I'll go over to the gym too 
You 
Yes , why not ? Just let me get my gym clothes together 
I didn't know you could exercise 
What do you mean by that ? Everyone can exercise 
Yeah , I know . But you ? I always thought you were only good at lifting beer bottles to your mouth 
No , not at all . I was on the swimming team in high school.And I'd like to do some weight training . They have decent equipment at that gym 
You're going to lift weights ? Hah 
Are you laughing at me 
I'm sorry . I just can't imagine you lifting weights 
Maybe not . But I want to start . I need to get in shape . I feel these past couple months that my energy is low 
It's true . If a person doesn't exercise , they get sluggish.That ' s why I keep running . Even in the winter 
So I need to do something too 
But lifting weights isn't the best thing.You should do some kind of aerobic exercise 
I know . But I want to start today with a little weight lifting.Then I'm going to buy a new swimming suit and goggles , and every other day I'm going to go swim laps in the pool . How does that sound 
It sounds like a good plan to me . I'm still ... I mean ..
What 
I'm still just surprised you really want to do it.It doesn't seem to go with your character 
Mr . Chen , I have a Marry from realty world on line one 
I don't have time to talk to her now 
OK , I'll take a message 
Thank you 
This is Action 5 News reporter Sarah O ’ Connell reporting live from Washington , D . C . where a protest has broken out . Thousands of angry citizens are protesting against the proposed bailout of the auto manufacturing industry ! Sir , sir , Sarah O ’ Connell , Action 5 news . Can you tell us what ’ s happening 
Yeah , yeah , we ’ re here because we feel this is an injustice ! The financial irresponsibility of big business has to stop ! We ’ re there to show the government that we don ’ t like the way that they ’ re spending our tax dollars 
Sir but what exactly is making everyone so angry 
It ’ s an absolute outrage , Sarah , the US government wants to give 25 billion dollars of taxpayers ’ money to the auto industry . These are companies that have been mismanaged and are now nearly bankrupt 
I see . But , many supporters of the bailout argue that it could help save the jobs of millions of hardworking Americans 
That maybe true , and I for one don ’ t want to see anyone lose their job , but how can these Ces ask for a bailout when they ’ re making millions of dollars ? And then , they have the nerve to fly to Washington in private jets ! This costs hundreds of thousands of dollars ! And they ’ re asking for money ! That is just not right 
Good point . This is Sarah O ’ Connell reporting live from Washington D . C . , back to you , Tom 
Did you pack this bag yourself ? Has it been out of your possession at any time before checking-in 
Yes , I packed it myself , and it hasn ’ t been out of my possession 
Are you bringing in any plants or animal products 
No 
Our sniffer dog seems to disagree . Do you mind if we look in your suitcase 
Not at all . Go right ahead 
What ’ s this sir 
It ’ s traditional Chinese Medicine . I mix it with hot water like tea . Sorry . I forgot about it 
What are these red things sir 
Oh no ! I forgot about those too ! Those are Chinese sausages for my Aunt Lily 
I ’ m sorry sir , but you can ’ t take any of this into the country . We will also have to check your carry-on . Please step this way . Don ’ t ’ be nervous ; we ’ ll just look through it briefly and then
Mom , when you come home , please buy a coat , a skirt , a sweater ..
Enough is enough . I know 
Lucy , you ’ re back . How was your first day of school 
It was great . I had a really good time 
What classes did you have 
Well , I had English from 9 o'clock to 11 o'clock , art from 12 o'clock to 2 o'clock , and math from 2 o'clock to 4 o'clock 
What do you think about the teachers 
To be honest , I liked all of them , except for the math teacher . Though he must be quite young , he seem like an old person . He ’ s so boring 
That ’ s too bad . How was your English teacher 
She was great . In today ’ s class , she gave us a lecture on how to be a good student . She told us not to arm for exams , and to pay more attention on communicating than memorizing 
Where is she from 
She said that she ’ s from a small town in the middle of America 
Were you able to understand everything that she said 
Not everything , but nearly . She speaks very clearly and doesn ’ t use very complex words so that it is easy for us to understand her 
She sounds like a good teacher . Do you think you ’ ll pass her class 
Yes ... with flying colors 
What does that mean 
It ’ s a new phrase that she taught us today . It means that I will not only pass the class , but I will do extremely well 
If you like the class this much already , I ’ m sure you will 
I hope so 
did she give you any homework 
not today . She said she wanted us to relax tonight instead of doing homework 
no wonder you like the class so much 
Thanks for offering to give me a lift . I ’ m looking forward to this party , but I didn ’ t want to go alone 
Don ’ t mention it . It ’ s my pleasure . Have you been to one of these large , sit-down dinner parties since you got to New Haven 
No , this is my first.Last week I went to a cookout for new professors at Dean Barksdale ’ s home . I took a taxi because I didn ’ t want to be late.But I was the first one
Cookouts often start slowly . A two o ’ clock start means you arrive any time after two 
Thanks for telling me this 
I was late getting back from the mall , but I ’ m hurrying 
Why are you in such a hurry ? They said , Dinner at eight , and it ’ s only seven-fifteen . I don ’ t want to be the first one there again 
Don ’ t worry . We won ’ t be the first 
so , how's your course going ? Do you like it 
i like my professors and the classes , but it's a lot of work 
what are you specializing in 
right now , I'm doing some research into the languages of different African tribes 
that sounds really interesting . Can you speak Swahili 
yes , I learned how to speak it when I was little 
really ? How did you do that 
well , I grew up in Africa , so I learned quite a few different languages 
that's amazing . Are you doing well in your classes 
I don't know because I haven't received my test results yet 
when did you take your exams 
about two weeks ago 
how do you think you did 
I left feeling pretty confident about my score , but I heard that my professors are very strict graders , so I'm a bit nervous 
I'm sure you'll do well . Did you study hard 
You know me ; I'm always studying 
don't worry . If you don't do well , no one can 
Thanks for the vote of confidence , Justin 
Karen ? I need to go over a few things with you 
Certainly . Mr . Graham . When would you like to meet 
I was thinking about this afternoon , after the sales meeting 
Fine . At 3:30 
I've run out of steam . To be honest , I want to be in a different environment 
Is that so 
Yes . I don't want to be stuck in a rut . I want to move on 
Have you decided 
Yes , I want to get a better job 
Could you tell me why you want to quit 
I'm quitting because of the lousy salary and all the difficulties I have in getting along with my colleagues 
Oh , that sounds terrible . Would you be happier with higher pay here ? I'm sure something can be worked out 
I'm afraid not . I've promised my girlfriend . We're going to travel south to find jobs that offer higher pay 
OK . I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you.However , I think you should work harder at your new job and then you can ask for higher pay 
How could you handle living in such a big family ? Does everyone get along 
Sure . We love each other and take care of each other 
In such a big family , there must be a head . Who's the head of your family 
My grandpa . He has the final word about almost everything . My grandpa is “ President , ” and Grandma is “ Vice-President . ” My parents , uncles and aunts try to arrive at a consensus on important questions 
Is a family like yours common in South Korea 
No . Not anymore.Mine is highly educated but traditional family . Most South Korea families today are a lot smaller . In traditional families , the old people are well respected and taken good care of . Ho
My family setup is a bit different . In New York city , there're only three people , my mother , my stepfather and me . During this summertime , I fly out to California and live with my dad . Dad's getting
Of course there'll be a room for you 
To be blunt , maybe I won't be able to get along with his new wife or her kids 
Yours is a modern family . I'm sure your dad loves you and would want you to stay for the summer . You just need to try your best to get along with your new stepmother and her boys 
But four boys 
It will be a new experience , and you might as well learn to adjust to changes 
You are right , I guess.The world keeps changing , and so do families . But I like a small-sized or medium-sized family where everybody is equal to everybody else . That's what I want 
It is good to have goals in life . If California doesn't work out , come and visit me in Korea , OK 
That's a great idea 
We could share a room ! It would be fun . And we could do some traveling around Korea . You could see for yourself what life in a big family is like 
That sounds like an excellent offer . I might take you up on that . Thank you for the wonderful invitation 
Are you going to take the job 
I'll have to sleep on it 
Do you see the woman ? Is she a teacher 
Yes , she is 
Does she teach Chinese 
No , she is an English teacher 
And who ’ s the man in the green beside her 
You mean the man wearing jeans ? He ’ s her little brother 
Do you like watching TV 
Yes I do , usually 
What do you exactly mean by usually 
I don't like spending time on commercials.There ' re too many commercials on TV 
Have you ever climbed the mountain before 
Never . But I have been looking forward to it for quite a long time 
Now your dream comes true . Do you know the altitude of the mountain 
It's 2065 meters . Come on . Let us keep up the pace 
Do you mind if I sit here 
Of course not , help yourself 
What are you studying 
I have a test tomorrow 
Hello . Can you tell me what the procedures of applying for a job are 
Yes , of course . There are many steps . You can apply for the job on the Internet and then send your resume to the e-mail address of the company . And wail the feedback of the company 
What is the qualification needed by the position 
You must have over 2 years'experience first 
When should I come for work in the morning 
Generally speaking , you are supposed to come at 9:00 am 
When does the job start in the afternoon 
You should start from 1:30 pm in the afternoon 
I like the design of the coat 
But I like its color 
Anyway , it's my ideal coat . I'll take it 
I'll take one , too 
Welcome on board . May I see your boarding pass 
Here you are 
Your seat is three , in the third row , near the window 
Thank you . Where can I put my suitcase 
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat 
Everyone's attention , please . We are going to take off . Please fasten your belts 
Please come in 
Hi . Steven . I just drop in and want to have a chat with you 
Oh , so nice of you to come here . Have a seat . Please make yourself at home 
OK . ( Sit on the sofa ) Wow ! Your house was decorated so beautiful 
Thank you . My wife would be very happy to hear this 
She must have done a lot of work on it 
You bet 
Which sports are popular in your country 
Most people like football . More boys like football than girls . A few girls play it really well . Some people like playing basketball 
Do many people like tennis 
More and more people like it now . fewer people play table tennis than before . Many people like swimming , because it is fun and keeps you fit 
In my country , many people enjoy golf , but it is too expensive for some people . A few people like extreme sports , but I think the vast majority of people are afraid to try them 
Extreme sports are only for a small minority of people . Several people from my university enjoy them , but most of us just watch . No one I know plays golf 
I know loads of people who play it regularly . There are plenty of golf courses around the country . In the past , only a tiny number of people played 
A great deal of people follow rugby in my country 
There are plenty of rugby fans in my country too 
How does it fit 
It fits fine . I ’ ll take it . How much is it 
The price is on the tag . How would you like to pay 
Do you take credit cards 
Yes , we do 
Great . Here's my Visa Credit Card 
Here's your receipt . Thank you for shopping here and have a nice day 
Thank you 
We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now , and there still isn't a bus in sight 
I'm afraid we'll be late for the party 
Have you got the time , Tom 
Yes , my watch says a quarter to seven . but there is something wrong with my watch 
But you bought it only last month 
Yes , but ever since I bought it , it gains about five minutes a day , so I ' Ve got to have it repaired 
How long will it take us to get there 
I think about ten minutes by bus 
It's not far away , then . Let's walk , it's beginning to rain 
Wait ! I think I see a bus coming now . Let's hope it's the No . 22 bus 
I can't believe Mr . Fro didn't buy it . Who does that guy think he is anyway ? Bill Gates 
He had a lot of nerve telling us our ads sucked 
Time to order . Balista , today I want a skinny triple latte 
When did you start worrying about your weight 
I'm not . I just don't feel like drinking whole milk today . Why ? Do you think I'm fat 
No , Jess , chill out 
Both our countries are quite small . How would you describe the landscape in your country 
My country is well know for being very flat . There are some hills in the southeast of the country 
Is it really completely flat 
Pretty much . The land rises and falls only a few meters . The southeast , the hills rise to a height of a few hundred meters . There are mountains over 1000 meters high in your country 
Yes , there are . They are not very big compared with the mountains in other countries 
The coast of your country is very varied . The coast of my country is just made up of sandy beaches 
That doesn ’ t sound too bad . Great for sunbathing ! The coast of my country changes even within a few kilometers . There are cliffs , then sandy beaches . Then rocks . There are lots of caves in the cliffs 
There are many lakes and rivers in your country too . We also have many rivers , but only a few lakes 
We also have waterfalls in the mountains . They make the landscapes look very scenic . The landscape has been shapes by millions of years of erosion , especially by water 
I ’ m really glad I got a chance to talk to you before you left , Mary . Have a safe trip 
Thanks . Try not to work too hard while I ’ m away 
Yeah , I ’ ll try not to ! See you after Christmas 
Okay-bye ! Have a nice Christmas 
Excuse me , Sir , do you know what time it is 
Oh , it ’ s almost eleven twenty 
Thank you 
You ’ re welcome . The rain is quite heavy , isn ’ t it 
Yeah . I was in a hurry and I forgot my umbrella today 
I have one . We could share it . Which way are you going 
Oh , that ’ s very kind of you . I am going to the Garden Hotel 
I am going there , too . We can walk together 
Sure 
Hey , let's eat out tonight 
What's the occasion ? You won the lottery 
No . Just want to relax a little bit . You don't have to win the lottery to relax , do you 
Well , I am kind of broke 
Come on . It's on me 
Really ? It's very nice of you 
Don't be silly . I'll take you anywhere you wanna go 
Wonderful ! You know what ? I wish you wanted to relax everyday 
Dream on 
What kind of personality do you think you have 
I always approach things very enthusiastically . When I begin something , I don ’ t like to leave it half-done . I can ’ t concentrate on something new until the first thing is finished 
What makes you angry 
Dishonesty . It ’ s unacceptable 
This is my uncle , Charles 
He looks strong.What does he do 
He's a captain 
He must be very brave 
Exactly 
Did you ever buy food from the snack stands near our hotel 
Yes , several times 
How do you like them 
Not bad 
I always have the temptation to eat something there 
Then , why didn't you do that 
I don't know how much we can trust them . Do you have any ideas 
Some of them , I think , are not good 
It doesn't taste good 
No , I mean some of them are not clean enough 
That's my greatest concern . But how can you tell which one is clean 
I judge by appearances 
I got it . I think it's worth trying 
It certainly is 
I'd like to try some kebab , roasted squid , and many different appealing things 
Don't try everything at one time , please 
I see . Thank you 
Can I reserve a room from the 13th to the 18th 
Certainly . How do you like your room 
I'd like a suite . What's the rate 
$ 40 per night 
John , it ’ s time to get up 
It can ’ t be time to get up yet 
It is . Hurry up ! You ’ ll be late for school 
What ’ s the time 
It ’ s nearly half past seven 
My watch says ten past 
It ’ s slow . Hurry up ! The bus goes at twenty to eight 
Are you sure half past seven 
Positive . I ’ ll put the radio on 
It ’ s only seven o ’ clock . Your watch is fast 
No , it isn ’ t . It ’ s stopped . I forgot to wind it up last night 
I could have stayed in bed for another half hour 
Are you ready , honey 
Sorry , not yet ! can you help me to select the dress ? i don , t what i should wear to fit thinner party 
Just dress formal 
How about transom 
It is too loud , we ’ ll handle some official business first before the dinner 
Oh , i nearly forget it 
You can put on your white shoes , it fits every occasion 
Gosh , another stop.It seems the cars ahead of us have to stop every two minutes , It's no quicker than a bus 
That's true . During rush hours , taxis are just as quick as buses 
It was silly of me to have taken a taxi 
At least , it can free you from the crowd . By the way , do you come from China 
No , from New Zealand , sir . I visited New Zealand and saw lots of overseas people there 
Wow , like America . It receives a great number of visitors every year 
The more the world becomes open , the more people become international 
Well , known , Jim , I'm ... I'm pretty much in favour of your computers , I think computers teach kids to think , because they require logical thoughts 
But I ... I don't agree with thatbecause computers weaken kids'ability to thinkbecause kids don't learn basic skills 
What do you mean 
They can't spell , they can't add , they can't subtract , they even don't remember any more . that's because they rely on gadgets 
That's not the gadgets . Creating programmes is stimulate thoughts . It engages their imagination and sharpen their mind 
Those guys work at the same company and go to the same bars . They do everything together 
Birds of a feather flock together 
I want to take a look at that home with the Open House flags out front 
What a wonderful neighborhood ! Can you find that house on our Open House list 
Yes , that is one of the houses that we have on our list 
They always make the front yards look so great for Open Houses . Let ’ s see what the inside looks like 
I am going to go sign my name in the registry to let the listing agent know that we were here 
Signing the registry is a good idea . I think I want to see the kitchen next 
I really appreciate that the listing agent provided water on such a hot day 
I need to pick up a flyer with the information about the house on it 
Is the current asking price listed on the flyer 
The asking price has recently gone down to two hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars 
I want to change rooms . In fact , I want a refund for tonight 
If you tell me the exact problem , I can be more helpful 
Cockroaches have declared war on my room 
Allow me to apologize . I'll give you another room right now , and a full refund for tonight 
Thank you for not asking me to collect the roaches in a jar as evidence 
Sir , only your mother wants to please you more than we do 
Hello , this is Sunshine Trading Company . Can I help you 
Yes . I want to apply for the accountant in your corporation and I think it is not beyond attainment 
Great . Could you tell me something about cash control 
Yes , of course . In accounting , cash means all items that are acceptable for depositing in a bank 
Excuse me , would you mind taking a picture for us 
Of course not . Just tell me how to operate it 
It's simple . Just press the button , like this 
I know . Hold your position and say cheese 
Thank you 
Hey , Peter , have you had lunch yet 
No . How about you 
Not yet . Let's go to that restaurant on the corner 
We're going dancing tonight 
Count me out 
Has the train come yet 
No , I ‘ Ve been waiting for ages 
It ’ s so unreliable . I ’ Ve been late for my meetings all this week 
Yes , me too . I think I ’ Ve lost some important clients recently because of this train 
Yes , my customers have started to complain too 
Oh look ! Here it comes now 
Shogun Restaurant of Pasadena 
Hi , could you help me ? I need to make a dinner reservation 
I can help you if you can just tell me what evening you like the reservation for 
Tuesday night is when we need the reservation for 
What time do you think that you would like to have dinner 
7
How many diners will be in your group 
We need a reservation for four 
I have a table for four available at 7
My last name is Foster . Thank you for the reservation 
Mr . Foster , we will be expecting you this Tuesday at 7
We will be there ! Thanks for the help 
Do you know who ’ s just got married ? Old Mc Donald 
Never ! He ’ s over 80 , isn ’ t he 
He ’ s nearly 90 
Good gracious ! Are you sure 
I am . Whatsmore , his wife is 84 
Is she really 
Yes , she is . And guess what , he is her sixth husband 
Really ? Quite a woman , isn ’ t she 
May I help you 
Yes , could you cash these travaler's check for me , please 
Sure.Please sign your name here ... and here 
Ok , here you are 
Thanks.How would you like them 
It doesn't matter 
Would you care to join for the picnic tomorrow 
Much to my regret , I'll have to meet my girlfriend at the airport then 
We'd like to invite you for our dress party tomorrow evening , are you free 
Much as we'd like to , but we've booked up already for that time 
What a pity ! You can't join us 
So sorry . Next time we'll go , thanks anyway 
what's your opinion about childless couples ? Will you choose to have no kids 
to be honest , I wouldn't 
why ? Do you have to make a choice now 
not really . But it has puzzled me for a long time 
what's the puzzle 
my husband and I prefer to have no kids , but my mother-in-law is very traditional and wants grandkids 
oh , I see . I think the older generation tend to think in a different way 
yes . It seems she can never accept a childless marriage . We had a fight last night 
oh , really ? Maybe she is just eager to see her grandchildren 
but it's absolutely our own business to have a child or not 
definitely 
you know , I often overhear our neighbor , the young couple , fighting about how to raise their kid and I really don't want kids to spoil our happiness 
don't worry . I think in most cases , children are the glue that keeps a family together 
I guess you're right . But I still prefer to have no child 
sure . You can fully enjoy your time together 
How about going to the cinema tonight 
That's great . What's on tonight 
I am not sure about the name of the film , but I know it's a romantic one 
Romantic ? I am afraid I like thrillers better 
Don't you think it's too bloody 
On the contrary , very exciting 
Jack , let ’ s go 
Oh , you are out of breath ! What happened 
Some people are wildly shooting on the next street . We must leave here as soon as possible 
Take it easy . They will get caught 
Can you vouch for me that I was with you yesterday 
Why do I need to do that 
My character is in question . Someone was robbed at work and unless I have an alibi , I'm a suspect 
Oh , my goodness . Who do I need to talk to 
My employer . Can you come in to the office tomorrow 
Absolutely . I think I still have the boarding passes from our flight here somewhere 
That would be the real proof . Didn't we have to show ID to get on the plane 
Since 911 I think every airline requires that the passengers show ID to board 
Do you have some questions 
Yes , I really want to know about the housing system in your company 
If you join us , our company will provide you a single dormitory . If you make great achievements , our company will offer you a flat according to the related regulations . It all depends 
I also want to know if there's a holiday at your company , for I must visit my parents every year 
Besides the official holidays , our company offers a ten days paid holiday every year , which makes it possible for you to visit your parents . Any other questions 
No , thanks 
Tell me about your brother and sister , Sue 
Well , my sister is a lawyer 
Really ? Does she live here in Seattle 
Yes , she does . But she's working in Washington , D . C . , right now . Her job is top secret 
Wow ! ! And what does your brother do 
He's a painter . He's working in Argentina this month . He has an exhibition there 
What an interesting family 
How many candidates do you choose for the first round 
I have chosen 15 candidates . The first round interview is tomorrow 
The first round 
Right . We'll choose the 4 best candidates and have them come back for a second interview . The top one of them will be the one we will hire 
How are you going all these days 
Fine , thanks 
But you look depressed 
I have some problem with my work 
Is it serious 
I can solve it , thanks 
How about your family 
Everything is Okay . And as soon as I see my son at home , all my worries vanish into the blue 
We have one day to visit the big city , can you give us some advice 
Yes , you can take a limo , a tour bus or just walk 
I don't think we can visit the city in one day just by walking . How much does the limo cost 
$ 50 a day 
What's your expected salary 
I expect to be paid according to my abilities 
How do you feel about an annual salary of 100,000 Yuan plus bonus 
That's a little less than I expected . But to me , the most important thing is the job and the people I will work with . Moreover , I am sure I will get a raise quickly depending on my background and experience 
That sounds very reasonable 
By the way , how long is my probation 
Generally it is 6 months and during this period you are half-paid 
why are there still so many people overweight despite the current fitness craze 
well , there are certain factors that effect people's size and weight 
what are they 
one study said that low-income groups have a higher percentage of over-weight people than higher income families 
why 
the survey said that the low , income groups eat more junk food on a daily basis 
that makes sense . Probably less time to make dinner and the junk food is cheaper 
and junk food contains lots of fat and oil . There is one final reason why so many people are fat 
what's that 
nobody exercises anymore-not even kids ! The average american home has the TV on for 6 hours a day 
wow ! No wonder people are so fat . Say , Carl , looks like you could be doing a bit more exercising 
yeah , I guess so 
you should consider eating healthier food and getting some more exercise 
hey , I started a diet and lost 10 pounds 
so what happened 
well , I quit and gained it back plus 5 pounds 
you should have kept trying 
Will you bring our bill , please 
Yes , certainly . I'll be back in a minute . Here you are
Thanks.Let me see . I think there's a mistake on the bill here.Would you mind checking , please 
Of course , not.Let me check.Oh , you seem bo be correct 
How about tax and service charge 
Only ten percent tax is included in the bill 
Then one hundred U . S . dollars covers everything , doesn't it 
It sure does 
What do you base our grades on 
All of your coursework is important , including everything from attendance and homework to all of your test results for the semester 
Does the final count the most 
All of it is important ; please just do your best at all times 
How do you total our scores 
The final and mid-term are twenty percent each ; homework , attendance , and quizzes are the rest 
What if we are out sick 
Make sure you contact me as I only allow one unexcused absence 
How can we know if we are doing OK during the year 
Your grade will not be a surprise ; you will know what you need to work on 
Excuse me.Where do I register 
Oh , over there in Pacific Pavilion 
Is that the large , white building 
Yeah , that's it 
Thanks 
Mike , you're seventeen years old , right 
Yeah , Why 
You look quite mature beside your cousin who is eighteen 
You can bet on that 
Do you like reading magazines 
No , I don't 
Why 
Because I think it's boring
No , you can learn a lot from them 
Learn a lot ? Really 
Absolutely . And it's a good way to kill time during the tour 
Do you have magazines now 
Yes , I do 
Can you lend me one 
Sure . Here you are 
Here . Keep the change 
Oh , thank you very much 
You're welcome . By the way , is there a pay phone near here 
Yes , there's one just on the other side of this building . Do you have any small change 
Yes , I do . Thank you 
I'd like to reserve two seats for tomorrow night 
Would you like orchestra seats 
Isn't there anything less expensive 
Not unless you want the matinee 
What would you like to drink ? Tea or coffee 
Coffee , please 
So , you also like Coffee 
Yes , of course . I can't go through a day without coffee in the morning 
Me too , but I think we shouldn't drink too much of it , as it's not very healthy 
I totally disagree . The other day I read in a book that a number of recent studies suggest that it can be a highly beneficial drink . Researchers have found strong evidence that coffee reduces the risk of several serious aimed 3 ' including diabetes , heart disease and cirrhosis of the liver 
But I also heard that coffee and its caffeine content , serve as a drug on the human body that negatively affects the central nervous system , as well as other organs , and leads to addiction
I don't think so . Coffee helps me wake up , keep alert , and improve my short term memory 
Well , I adjust going to have to disagree with you . A healthy body wakes up without caffeine 
Maybe you are right to some extent 
You may try to have some alternatives and see how you feel 
Maybe I could have a try 
Could you copy this document for me 
It's my pleasure . How many copies would you want 
A hundred and fifty . No , wait , make that a hundred and sixty 
Yes , sir . Will there be anything else 
No , thank you . That will be all for now 
Your document will be ready in about ten minutes 
Last month , we only had 40 hits on our site . Our products and prices are good , but the problem is that no one knows about our website 
If we want to get this internet business off the ground , we've got to do something fast 
We need to maximize the chances that our site will be at the top of search engine lists , but I'm not sure how to do it 
We've got to put more buzz words into the page text , so it will pop up when people search about our kind of products 
Yeah , you're right . We've got to get the most popular phrases there ... How else can we boost site traffic 
I think one of the least costly ways to attract business is to ask some of our neighboring sites to offer links to our page inside of theirs . If they have related services , they may be willing to help us out 
I guess we could also put out a few advertisements for our website inside of the search engine . I would like to find the most effective way to let people know about our site and our products 
My friend Emily recently lost 18 pounds 
Oh , really 
The point is that she has been persuading me to lose weight too 
Well , it's a good thing for you 
Good ? Yes , it's good for her but not for me . You see , she tells me that I'll feel better about myself if I slim down . She keeps giving me newspaper clippings about the latest miracle diet and insists that I join a health club , as she has 
So you don't think you are fat and need to lose weight 
I just can't bear it that Emily made me feel like a baby who always pigs out on junk food 
junk food is not good for your health . Too much of it will make you fat 
But junk food is so easy . It requires no silverware or plates , no rigid mealtimes , no pleases and thank yous 
Ok , but junk food has many disadvantages . As junk food contains high amount of oil and fat , you'll feel sleepy , but not be able to concentrate when you have a lot of it 
Yes , but life without chips , ice cream and coca cola is boring 
Let me see . You could exercise more to keep fit 
Well , that sounds better than giving it up 
We'd like to invite you over for dinner this Friday evening . Can you come 
This Friday evening 
Yes . We hope you'll be able to join us 
Thank you for the invitation . I'll be very happy to go 
Good 
What time should I arrive 
How about 6:00 
Fine . See you then 
Did you hear how cold it got last night 
I heard the radio announcer say it was 18 degrees below zero 
It was so cold this morning . I could hardly start my car 
My car didn't want to start either at first 
Don't you have a garage 
Not in the new apartment . We have to leave the car in the parking lot 
How much antifreeze did you put in your new car then ? You must have to keep it well below zero 
I do . Right now I have it protected up to 30 below zero 
Does it ever get that cold on here 
Not really . It sometimes gets to 20 below 
Speaking of cold , how about going for a cup of coffee to warm up 
Is it your first time to join the sports meeting of Junior High School 
Yes , and it's great . What are the events at the sports meeting 
Long-distance race , dash , hurdle race , relay race , standing long jump , high jump , shotput and so on 
Our neighbor , Bruce , will take part in the relay race . Let's go have a look 
OK , let's go 
The competition will begin in 5 minutes , it's tense here 
Wonderful , Bruce is taking the lead 
Other competitors have almost caught up with him . They are neck and neck 
Come on , Bruce . Come on , Bruce 
Wow , Bruce crossed the line first 
Hello 
Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there 
No , I ’ m afraid not , Mary . May I take a message for her 
Yes , please tell her that band practice has been moved to Tuesday night at eight thirty 
O . K . No problem . Anything else 
No , but if she has any questions , she can call me at 555-2345 
All right , I ’ ll leave her the message , Mary . Thanks for calling 
Thank you . Bye 
Goodbye 
Excuse me ! Does this bus go to the railway station 
No , You're got on the wrong bus . You can take a No . 22 bus at the University station and then transfer to a No . 83 bus at the railway station 
OK ! Thank you very much 
Nancy , please turn the TV down 
Come on , John . This is my favorite show 
I don't care . I have a headache 
Hello . Can I help you 
Yes . I ’ m here to apply for the job of director that your company posted yesterday . Is it still available 
Yes . We ’ ll close this position posting at the end of this month 
Great . Where can I get an application form 
Go to the Human Resource Office , please . You can get it there 
Where is the Human Resource Office 
It ’ s on the first floor , Room 120 
Thanks a lot 
Good luck 
I need it . Thank you 
Well , good morning , Tom . I haven't seen you for a long time 
I'd been feeling pretty well until just a few days ago 
What seems to be the trouble now 
I feel run down , tired . I've been having headaches almost every day . And I'm not getting as much sleep as usually do 
Have you been eating properly ? Eating the right kind of food is important for your health , you know 
Well , I haven't been eating well , I guess . I usually only have enough time to grab a sandwich and a cup of coffee for lunch 
And what about dinner 
Sometimes I'm too tired to eat anything at all 
That's not good . You don't have a well-balanced diet . Have you been taking vitamin pills 
I don't like to take any medicine at all without talking it over with a doctor first 
Hello , Nancy , nice to see you 
Nice to see you , too . I heard you are a staff of Nokia company 
Yes , I ’ m satisfied with this job 
Congratulations . What did you do during the interview 
Pay more attention to the external expressions , because they are important for the first impression . Good manner and style of conversation can let other feel your good self-cultivation . Good gestures and mien can let other feel very comfortable 
How can I have the good external expressions 
Don ’ t worry about that . You just pay more attention to the details of people ’ s action in life , and you will know how to transfer information by their body language 
Where are you going this weekend 
I ’ m going to Hainan 
Oh really ? It ’ ll be nice and warm there . Have you been there before 
Yes , actually it ’ s my second visit . I was there last October 
I see . What ’ s it like there 
Well , the life style is much more relaxed than here in the city . And the seafood is tastier 
Well , have a great time 
I'd like to meet you again sometime 
That would be great . Actually , can I get your phone number , Ella ? That's assuming you don't mind if I call you sometime 
Anytime . You can reach me at 5558929 
Ok , got it . I will call you sometime next week 
Fine 
It's time to go . Bye , Ella . Hope to see you soon 
Bye , Jason 
Welcome , Li Mei . Please give me your coat and hat 
Thank you , Peter 
Oh , let's come in and enjoy yourself 
Happy birthday , Peter , and many happy returns of the day . Here's a present for you 
Thank you , Li Mei . Come into the dining room . I'm going to cut the cake soon 
What wish do you make 
It's a secret 
Let me clear away the broken glass 
No , I can manage it myself.Just sit down , please 
It's very careless of me to have broken your glass 
Never mind 
Am I allowed to check out at 14:00 
Certainly 
Will there be any late charge 
No.sir . If only you check out before 15:00
Thank you 
I'm very grateful for what you have done to my son , doctor 
That's all tight , Mr.Smith.That ' s my job . I'm very glad he recovered so soon 
I know he has brought great trouble to you . A million thanks 
No trouble at all . He's very cute and brave . By the way , do remember to keep him away from sea food for at least two weeks 
I will . It's most thoughtful of you 
Have you decided what you ’ re going to do during your holiday 
Yes . I ’ m going to travel around Europe 
Wow , that sounds great ! Where are you going 
I think I will start off in Paris . Then I ’ m going to take the train to Nice and then go on to Milan 
Oh that will be lovely . You ’ ll be able to do lots of shopping I expect 
Oh yes and try lots of new food too 
Great . Make sure you buy me a souvenir 
Oh , don ’ t worry , I will 
How are we going to get there 
Let's take a cab 
How do we do timesheets here 
They are actually fairly straightforward . Do you know where the blanks are kept 
Yes , I already have one 
OK , well after you take one out of that second drawer , you put your name on the top . Do you see 
I am kind of confused 
Next you fill in all of your hours for each day and total them . Do you know how to show time on a 24 - hour clock 
I'm not quite sure 
Midnight is zero and when you put the minutes in , make sure that you show them with a dot followed by the minutes . Do you understand 
No , I have no idea what you are talking about 
It's easy , just write in the hours , total it , sign it , and put it in the box 
Thanks for your help 
Try it and if you can't do it , one of us can always help you later 
not a single email until now ? it's already twelve o'clock . I can't believe it 
can't bear it , right ? I've been there before . I'll feel comfortable if no one calls me or sends me text messages , like there is something missing 
yeah , that's right . If no one sends me test messages , I'll go crazy 
actually , this is a kind of addiction called " infomania " or " information overload " 
addiction ? checking emails and text messages often can be called an addiction ? no way 
yes , it is . Do you consider a frequent check of your income emails to be an integral part of your working day 
absolutely 
do you have your cell phone with you wherever you go and check text messages and phone calls from time to time 
yeah , it's a must . Otherwise , I may miss important phone calls and text messages 
do you open all your IM tools whenever you're using a computer 
yes . MSN , QQ , Skype , Google Talk , Ali wangwang , everything , so that I'll be in touch with all friends and relatives 
now I can tell you're definitely addicted to the overflow of information 
Tom , Christmas Day is coming . Merry Christmas to you 
Thank you . And a merry Christmas to you 
Hey Sarah , are you all right ? You look upset 
As a matter of fact , I am a bit upset . I just came out of a meeting and it didn't go very well 
What happened 
No one would listen to any of my suggestions . Instead , they just kept arguing with each other 
Who was chairing the meeting 
Bob 
Well , I can tell you from experience that Bob might come off a little strong sometimes 
That's exactly what happened ! He kept interrupting everyone with his own suggestions and did not want to hear what others had to say . Then he expected everyone to agree with him 
What was the meeting about 
We were trying to come up with ideas to streamline the office's workflow to make it more efficient 
It's ironic that the meeting was anything but efficient 
Exactly . I had tons of ideas that I wanted to share , but they just wouldn't let me finish . What should I have done to get my point across 
You have to keep things short and sweet . When you get a chance to speak , try not to get into too many unnecessary details 
Short and sweet ? But what if I have to explain something complicated 
You can always bring up the main points during the meeting and speak to those who are directly involved after the meeting . Not everyone needs to know all that information 
That's a good idea , I think I will try that at the next meeting 
What did you cook 
Well , as you know I was in Thailand last month , and I took a cooking class ! So I prepared some of my favorite dishes 
Great idea ! As long as I don't get food poisoning ! So what is on the menu tonight 
Ok , for starters we have Tom Yam soup . It's a bit spicy , but really good 
This is delicious ! The ginger and lemongrass really gives it a nice taste 
Now this next dish is one of the most famous . Foreigners call it papaya salad but the proper name is Tom Sam . It is a spicy salad made from a mix of fresh vegetables including shredded unripened papaya and tomato 
This is delicious ! The combination of sour and spicy is really interesting ! I could have this everyday 
Ok , now for the last and best dish in my opinion . This is called Pad Thai . It's stir-fried noodles with eggs , fish sauce , tamarind juice , red chili pepper plus bean sprouts , shrimp and tofu and garnished with crushed peanuts and coriander . It's practically Thailand's national dish 
Wow , this is great ! I never knew Thai food was so creative and delicious 
Want some more 
I'm stuffed 
Julie , what's on the tube 
nothing but bench of commercials . These days the amount of commercials is amazing 
yeah . Maybe we can change to another channel . what about the sports channel ? Let's see if there's a game on 
okay . Nope , it's a replay of yesterday's soccer match between Brazil and Spain 
it was a good game , but not good enough to watch again . Keep surfing 
alright . Hmm , this movie is a rerun ... I don't know how many times I've seen this show ... Commercial again ... and a replay of the talk show ... oh no , this show is terrible , you don't wanna watch it 
oh , what is it 
it's a total rip-off of an American reality show , but the imitation is unbearably clumsy 
oh , I know this kind of shows . Sometimes they really piss me off . If I wanted reality , I'd go outside 
yeah ... it seems what we have on TV now are either repeats , or commercials , or low-quality shows . There's really nothing to watch 
I don't get it . We have more than 100 channels and there's still nothing good on ! Maybe we should just turn off the TV , get outside , and do something real 
cool 
Hello , is John in 
No , he's not . May I take a message 
Yes , would you leave him a message to call me 
Yes , what's your name 
I want to know how to buy something from this machine 
Yeah , the new ones can be tricky . What are you trying to buy 
I want to buy one of those snack things 
Are you ready to go 
I'm clear so far 
The money goes in the slot over there . It has to be smooth to go in 
It won't go in 
Just remember that you might have to feed the money in a couple of times to get it to work 
Yes , next step 
Make your selection and hope for the best . Vending machines aren't all that reliable 
They're totally unreliable 
You seem to have it down . Have a good day 
May I invite you to dance with me 
Sorry , I can't dance 
Never mind , I can teach you 
Is it difficult to learn 
No , it is easy 
How should I do 
You just follow me 
All right . By the way , do you often dance 
Yup , because dance can relax myself 
It seems a good way 
Good news 
What is it 
The state of economy is starting to go up in our country 
That ’ s just the short in the arm we need 
I am a student in Cambridge University . I read your ad , I want to know something more about your room , please 
It's a big bedroom with a drawing room , facing a beautiful wood 
Is there a bathroom 
No , but there is one downstairs , which my daughter used some years ago 
It sounds good . Could I go and see it myself 
Certainly , you're welcome anytime 
See you later 
( after a while ) Good afternoon , Mrs . Smith . I called you just now 
Welcome ! Come in , please 
Yes 
This way please . Your room is upstairs ... Here it is 
Wonderful ! A modest , comfortable room . Ah , a beautiful window , through which I can see a beautiful scene , and hear the birds singing . How nice 
Yes , if you want to wash something , there is a separate lavatory room outside 
Excellent ! I like it ! When can I move in 
Anytime you like 
OK 
Most of our customers are foreigners . How many foreign languages can you speak , Elizabeth 
Two . French and Spanish 
And how well can you speak them 
Well , French was my best subject at school . I can read and write it pretty well 
And how about your Spanish 
Well , it's not as good as my French . I can speak it reasonably well , but my written Spanish isn't very good 
I see . Well , we have a lot of Spanish customers , but you wouldn't need to write any Spanish here 
In that case , I'm fit for the position I think 
How much are you asking for this 
I'm offering them to you at 150 yuan a piece . Is that all right 
Is tax already included in their price 
Yes . Our price can't be matched 
Would you consider a volume discount 
If you buy 1,000 or more , you'll get a 10 % discount 
I'll accept your offer 
I need a pan 
Okay . Do you have a particular size in mind 
Well , the bigger the better , I think 
Look at this one . It's our biggest pan 
Yes , that is big enough , but it's too heavy for me 
Okay , we have the same thing in aluminum 
Oh , this is nice and light . But it has an aluminum handle 
Try this one . Same aluminum pan , but with a heat-resistant bamboo handle 
Oh , yes . This is very nice . I'll take this one 
That's a good choice . How do you want to pay for it 
Cash . Oh , I almost forgot . I need a lid , too 
I'm so sorry . A lid comes with the pan . Here it is 
I want to buy a shirt 
What color do you like 
A white one , please 
Maybe you could have a look at this one 
What's the size 
Large 
I think a medium one will do 
Happy Valentine's Day 
That's nice of you 
Could I treat you to dinner tonight 
Wonderful 
Good afternoon , sir , is there anything I can help you with today 
umm ... yeah ! I ’ m looking for a nice gift to give my girlfriend . Our fifth anniversary ’ s next Friday 
Well , I would be happy to assist you in choosing the perfect gift for her . Is there anything particular that you have in mind 
No , not really ... I ’ m completely at a loss 
Well , you can give her a set of pearl earrings , or this beautiful heart-shaped pendant . What is her favorite gemstone 
That purple one . I ’ m sorry ... I ’ Ve never bought jewellery for anyone and I ’ m kind of nervous 
Don ’ t worry , we specialize in providing our customers a relaxed , pressure-free shopping environment . That stone is an amethyst . We have a range of beautiful amethyst pieces . Take a look at this bracelet . It ’ s 18K rose-gold , studded with amethyst and blue topaz . It ’ s a great statement piece 
Oh ... wow . That ’ s really pretty.Jess would love that . But ... I was thinking of something a little more delicate , perhaps a necklace 
We have this beautiful platinum pendant , or you could also get her a locket . You could also get her a timepiece — it ’ s both glamorous yet functional.If you tell me a little more about your girlfriend , maybe I can help you find something for her 
Jess ? Well , she ’ s very smart , and has a great sense of humor . She ’ s very feminine ..
Perhaps you could give her a ring 
Well ... actually ... I was thinking about asking Jess to marry me ... I ’ Ve just been so nervous 
Well sir , I believe your fifth anniversary is a great time to propose 
Okay , I ’ Ve decided . I ’ m going to pop the question 
Fabulous ! We should look at engagement rings then ! Now that ’ s a whole other section 
Have you decided where to go for the vacation 
I will join John in his mountaineering trip 
Woo cool . Which mountain are you going to conquer 
We haven't made up our minds . Will you come with us 
Of course , I will 
We're supposed to check in at the air-china ’ s counter . Thirty minutes before take off , Joe 
Yes , I know . The boarding time on the ticket says 17
Do we need to show our ID cards when checking in 
Yes , It ’ s essential 
What about our luggage 
We can check it and hand carry small bags . And we have open each for inspection
Are they going to frisk all the passengers 
I think so . we certainly don ’ t want a highjack to happen on our plane today 
Do you have any plan on your mind 
I want to see all places of renown in Suzhou 
How are we going there , by bike or by bus 
By bike , of course.You don't want to miss the beautiful scenery , do you 
Something ’ s burning 
Oh , my bread 
Mm , I love burnt bread 
Curse this oven ! Curse it 
But I prefer burnt bread 
Curse the worst oven in the world 
Wonderful ! A perfect piece of bread 
There are thirteen of them . Oh , have another . Have a third , if you like , have them all 
Hello , I am calling about my cable service 
What's the problem 
For the past week my cable hasn't been working 
I apologize , but the cable has been down lately 
Do you know when it is going to start working again 
Give it a couple days , and it should be back on 
Will I still have to pay for the cable while it's not working 
Since it's not working , I'm going to give you a credit 
So I don't have to pay anything 
You won't pay anything until your cable starts working again 
Okay , thank you very much for your help 
No problem . Thank you for being so understanding 
The new computer software is driving me crazy ! I really need a break 
I know what you mean , Carol . I ’ Ve had nothing but trouble with it . They say it ’ s supposed to be easy 
That ’ s what I ’ Ve heard . But as far as I ’ m concerned , it takes a genius to figure it out . Can you pass the sugar , please 
Sure . Why don ’ t you sit down for a minute ? You haven ’ t taken a rest all morning 
Hello . I'd like to get a seat to New York City on a flight leaving sometime before this Friday 
I'm afraid Thera isn't any direct light before Friday . What about a non-direct one ? You have to make a change in Detroit 
Well , in that case , that's fine . I want a first class ticket on Thursday 
Would you like to pay in cash or by card 
Cash , please 
Hi Cody , how did practicing go this week 
Well I had several tests and an oral presentation this week so I didn ’ t get a chance to memorize the second page , but I think I mastered the tricky section 
Great ! Warm up with some scales and arpeggios first . Good , good . This week , work on keeping the rhythm steady when you play the last part with the sixteenth note . Now let ’ s take a look at this
Charles ? Before I start I was wondering if it was ok if I put a small crescendo in here and then decrescendo back to pianissimo again over here 
It might work . I ’ ll have to hear it.Show me what you ’ Ve done 
It was horrible ! I played play it much better at home 
It ’ s just nerves . Just play the right hand for now . One two three four five six , ta ti tri-ple-ti . Good , good . Don ’ t forget the accidentals ! The key signature says that note should be a G-sharp b
Is that better 
Yes , much better . Watch where you lift your foot off the pedal . What was that 
Sorry ! The stretch for that octave is always hard to make 
That's ok , keep going , you ’ re moving ahead by leaps and bounds . Watch your dynamics ! Keep your elbows lifted . Remember to stroke the keys , don ’ t pound . That ’ s better ! Remember that as a pianist or any
I'm going to the store downtown this afternoon to try on my wedding dresses 
Oh my gosh , how exciting 
Will you come with me and help me choose 
Sure , I will . How can I miss that 
Good . I think I'll get too nervous to look at myself in the mirror 
Oh , don't . I'm sure you'll be the loveliest bride ever 
I'll cook dinner for you 
Don't go to too much trouble 
My shirt needs ironing . Could you please help me with that , Mary 
No way . Do it yourself 
Please , I promise this is the last time 
OK , I'll iron your shirt for you , but only if you make me a cup of coffee 
Would you like a cigarette 
No , thanks . I've decided to give up smoking 
Really ? Why 
Well , it's just that I think if you don't enjoy doing something any more , you should stop doing it 
I see . You mean you don't enjoy smoking any more 
That's right . You should give it up , too . It's bad for your health 
Stop talking like my mother . That's what she keeps saying 
But it's true . It's a nasty habit . I can't think why I ever started . Anyway , it's obviously got you in its grip 
What do you mean ? What are you talking about 
I mean you couldn't give it up 
Who ? Me ? Could't give up smoking ? Nonsense ! Of course I could ! I know I could 
How do you know 
Because I've already proved it . Smoking's the easiest thing in the world to give up . I've done it hundreds of times 
That was a tough question . How did you get it right 
I just took a shot in the dark 
Hi . What's up 
Nothing much . What's new with you 
Not too much . I've been pretty busy 
Me too . Seems like all I do is eat and sleep 
Gotta go . Call me tonight 
Okay . Check you later 
What's the weather like in Britain 
It's wet and rains a lot.But right now it's the golden season to take a tour there . It is fine there almost everyday 
That's great . Will I feel hot there ? I feel sensitive to heat 
It's not so hot as it is here 
Well , what's the matter with you 
I've got a sore throat and my chest hurts 
Have you got a headache 
Yes , I ache all over 
Are you coughing much 
A little bit 
Now , let me listen to your chest . Ah , you have a temperature . Breathe deeply . That's right . Well , don't worry , it's only a throat infection . There's nothing wrong with your lungs . And how is your appetite 
It's gone completely 
Show me your tongue , please . All right , stay in bed and keep yourself warm . I'll prescribe some pills for you to take 
Is that all doctor 
Yes . You'll be better in a few days , I'm sure 
Thank you , doctor . Goodbye 
Goodbye 
What's the problem 
There was a stop sign back there that you didn't stop for 
I really didn't see it 
How'd you miss it 
I only saw bushes at the intersection 
Those bushes are covering the stop sign 
I really didn't mean to run it 
I see why you didn't stop 
Are you still going to write me a ticket 
No , I'm just going to let you go 
Thanks for being so understanding 
That's all right . Make sure to look closely next time 
Lately I've felt that company morale is at an all-time low what can your firm do to help get my business back on track 
You definitely made the right move by calling . Our primary business is creating , conducting and customizing fully interactive human resources workshops for companies just like yours 
It seems that my employees are having trouble working as a team . Not to mention serious lapses in service , sales and leadership skills 
Well as we know nothing comes out of a can . We have years of experience tailoring workshops to the specific needs of your company . We can hone in on your problem areas and have your employe
What a relief ! I was beginning to think it was no way to get my business rolling again 
That's what we're here for , the human resources help you need , when and how you need it 
Freeze ! Police ! Put your hands over your head 
What did I do ? I haven't done anything 
You're under arrest for concealing illegal drugs 
What do you mean 
You are suspected of hiding illegal drugs . So we are taking you into custody 
I didn't do anything 
We've found some heroin at your house 
No , I didn't . I'm innocent . Those aren't mine . Whatever you found is someone else's stuff . You can't prove anything . I wasn't there when you went in , and you can't prove it's my stuff 
That may be , but you're still under arrest . And you'd better stop talking 
I don't need your help , jerk 
Whatever you say 
Good morning , Miss Wu ! Can I ask you something 
Certainly . You are more welcome to do . What is it 
Tomorrow is my wife's birthday . We both love spicy Chinese dishes . I am wondering if you could recommend a good local restaurant where I can find some good spicy dishes 
Well , if spicy local dishes are what you are looking for , In Hua Restaurant is the best place to go . The restaurant serves very good and spicy local dishes . You might want to try there 
How far is it from here 
It is near the university . Five minutes ' walk from your flat , I think 
Great . We'll go and have a try . Thank you very much 
You're welcome . May you have a good time . Please give my regards to your wife . I wish her a happy birthday tomorrow 
Thank you . The same to you 
I really like my debate class 
Do you think you'll be interested in studying law later 
I've entertained the idea . But I'm I leaning more toward politics 
You want to be a politician ? Yuck 
That's not like you to generalize 
Sorry , you're right . I think you'll be a good politician 
I think I can do a lot of good for our country 
You're right . We need more people like you in politics 
Now , madam , here is the Hotel 
What's the fare 
$ 15 
The fare is different from the meter 
Well , madam , the meter was not on at all . You didn't tell me 
But I thought it was . Anyway . I am in a hurry . Here is the money 
It says here that you graduated from Beijing Normal University with a major in English Language and Literature 
Right . Then you may think that I am not fit for this job according to my educational background 
Yes 
But I want to be a tour guide very much because I like traveling and meeting various kinds of people . So I took an evening course at the Tourism School of Beijing after graduation and I have gotten a qualification certificate 
So you must be an extravert 
Yes , I always enjoy being with a group of people and chatting with them 
What do you think are the responsibilities of a tourist guide 
A tourist guide must be responsible for arranging and coordinating tour activities , and offering service of transportation , accommodation , sightseeing , shopping and entertainment 
Don't you consider it a hard work 
Hard but interesting , I think 
Have you any experience as a tourist guide 
Yes , I usually guided foreign tourists around Beijing when I was in University 
Have you ever learned any other foreign languages other than English 
Yes , I have learned a little French and Japanese as well 
Are the galaxies in the universe moving through space 
No , the galaxies sit more or less passively in the space around them . But not too much . As the space between galaxies expands , it carries the galaxies further apart - like raisins in an expanding dough 
But I heard that our Milky way galaxy may one day collide with a neighboring galaxy . If galaxies are moving apart from each other , how can they collide 
Well , the universe is a chaotic place , and the gravity from one galaxy , or from a group of galaxies , may disturb the motion of its near neighbors , causing them to collide . However , on average , when you compare two large enough chunks of space , the galaxies in one are moving away from the galaxies in the other 
Wow , you're really informative . Thanks a lot 
You're welcome 
Hello , Kevin . I hate to do this , but I have to cancel our appointment 
Oh , no ! Why ? I was looking forward to seeing you at my new place 
Yeah , I really wanted to come , too . But something unexpected in Shanghai have come up . I have to fly out for a few days , but I'll be back soon 
No problem . Call me when you get back 
I should have some free time next week . Say , next Wednesday evening 
That's good for me , but do you think you'll be back by then ? I'd really like to see you 
Yeah , I'm expecting to come back on Tuesday 
Great ! That's settled then 
OK 
Bell Computers Limited , can I help you 
Hello , I'd like to speak to Mike please 
Hold on please 
Hello , I'm afraid Mike's unavailable right now . He's in a meeting . Can I take a message 
Yes , can you please let him know I called and ask him to call me back as soon as he can ? My name's Mary , and I'm calling from Happy Travel . My number is 123 456 789 
Sorry , could you repeat that please 
Yes , 123 456 789 , Mary from Happy Travel . Have you got that 
Let me read that back to you , 123 456 789 , Mary from Happy Travel . I'll ask him to get back you as soon as he can 
Great . Thanks 
Anything else 
No , that's it . Thanks . Bye 
Bye 
Yes , I need more amenities 
By amenities , exactly what do you mean , please 
You know , the things that are free , like the soap and the shampoo 
Okay , I got it . You've already run out of all your amenities 
No , I still have plenty left , even if I took three baths a day 
I'm more confused now than before . How is there a problem 
I need to take home some souvenirs 
Okay , finally I understand . You would like souvenirs 
Yes , souvenirs that I can take home and add to my collection 
If it's souvenirs you want , sir , just visit our souvenir shop . It has everything 
Are you kidding ? Whoever heard of paying for hotel souvenirs 
No problem at all , sir . Housekeeping will deliver you all the amenities you like in a bit 
So , Jimmy , how does it feel to have your own money 
It ’ s great , dad . I don ’ t mind delivering papers , but the real fun is collecting the money 
Even though you are only twelve , it ’ s not too early to start saving a little money 
I ’ Ve never had a bank account before . Why don ’ t I just keep my money under the matters like grandpa does 
You know you would spend it . And also , money in the bank earns interest 
But what if I need my money suddenly 
The bank will give you a PIN , and you can withdraw money from any ATM 
Great ! So it ’ s almost the same as keeping it under the matters 
Not quite . You have to maintain a minimum balance of twenty dollars . And sometimes the bank has service charges . But you don ’ t have to worry about that yet . Let ’ s go make your first depot
OK . Guess I have to do that before . I can make money my first withdrawal 
What ’ s the Mountaineering Club doing this weekend 
We are going to climb a cliff on the Colorado River 
How hard is the climb 
It is a very difficult climb because there are not many places to put your hands and feet 
What did you do last week 
We rappelled down the side of 300 - foot cliff . It was very exciting 
Wow ! That sounds like a lot of fun . I ’ m sorry I missed it 
Well , you should come this weekend . I think you could do the climb 
Yeah , I will . See you then 
O . K . See you 
Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend 
Sorry , I thought you knew 
But you should have told me you were in love with her 
Didn't I 
You know you didn't 
Well , I'm telling you now 
Yes , but you might have told me before 
I didn't think you'd be interested 
You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you were going to marry her 
Sorry , I didn't think it mattered 
Oh , you men ! You're all the same 
I'm going on a cruise this summer 
No kidding 
My brother won a free trip and he's taking me 
You can't beat that 
I can't go to your party 
That's too bad 
Would you like this one 
I don't think that will do . How about the one at your back 
This one 
No , the other one ... yes 
This one is especially built for hard , continuous play . And every detail of workmanship and material has been carefully checked to make it a dependable one for tournament use 
It do look beautiful . Well . I think I'll take it.Now do you have any racket covers 
This cover comes with the racket 
How much does it come up to 
The mark says six hundred yuan , plus tax , it's six hundred and eighty yuan 
Do you accept credit cards 
Sure . If you'll just wait here , I'll be right with you in a minute 
Do you like traveling by train or by plane 
I think I prefer train . It's cheaper and safe 
But Sue is indeed beaut . Men can hardly resist such a knock-out 
Birds of feather flock together . You must be one of these men 
I know little of her . I only think she ’ s pretty and intelligent . Of course , she ’ s diligent , too 
That ’ s enough for you to worship the ground she treats on 
Good afternoon , Miss 
Good afternoon . I would like my hair done 
What style do you want 
I'd like to try a new hair-style . Could you show me some pictures of hair styles 
Sure . Here you are 
Thanks . Please give me the style in this picture here but make the wave longer . I would like hair spray , please 
Yes , Miss . Is that all right 
Beautifully done 
And would you like a manicure 
No , thanks . How much should I pay 
One hundred yuan , please 
Here you are 
Thank you 
How long have you been in England 
For almost two years 
Almost two years ? Your English is very good 
Thank you . But there's still a lot for me to learn 
Where do you want to go 
I'm going to the hospital 
Get in . I'll take you 
About how much will it cost 
It will cost you $ 10 
By the way , what's the time 
You can see the time on the meter . I have radio time , you know 
It's a quarter to 12 . Could you please drive a little faster 
Certainly 
May I take your order now 
Yes , please . What's special today ? Any special recommendations 
Certainly . I would recommend ' Songshuguiyu ' 
The name sounds fascinating . What is it exactly 
Well , it is sweet and sour fried Mandarin fish 
Sorry , I'm not interested in vinegar 
Then , how about this one 
OK . I'll have that 
Very good . Could I serve you anything else 
Thank you . That's enough 
My pleasure . Just a little while , your order will be ready very soon . Please enjoy your lunch 
Thanks 
Could I speak to you for a minute 
What do you want to speak to me about 
I want to talk about this year ’ s election 
Oh , you do 
I am volunteering for the campaign 
What made you decide to volunteer 
I want to be a part of history 
Good for you 
Do you plan on voting 
I will be voting 
You should try and make it early to your polling place 
Thanks for letting me know 
Good morning ! Can I help you 
Yes , let me see some of your hats , please 
OK , come this way , please . How does this one fit you 
It's a little bit tight 
Let me stretch it for you . How is that now 
Yes , it fits all right now . I'll take it . Please put it in a bag and I'll take along 
OK . Here you are 
How much is it 
Thirty-five yuan 
Here is the money 
Thanks . Nothing else , today 
Nothing else , thank you 
Peter , I hope you will accept my quotation for the air freshener 
I wish I could place a monthly order for a minimum of 50 cases , introducing your goods to my customers , but your price , $ 100 for a case , is too high in this highly competitive market 
I have cut the price the minimum . You know our freshener is a patent product , different from other kinds of fresheners . We could not have quitted it at such a low price if it were not for your past large orders . This price , actually , leaves us with a very small profit 
People here desire medium-priced air freshener only . Please carefully consider my proposal , which will lead to a larger business between us 
The low price I'm offering you is as low as I can go 
Then , I am sorry to say I must regretfully decline your offer and seek quotations for the other suppliers 
I'm sorry , Peter . I hope you'll continue to approach us on other occasions if you cannot accept our offer now 
Yes . I'll welcome other opportunities to do business with you 
What can I do 
The system crashed when I was surfing on the internet 
Did you go to any illegal website 
No , But does that matter 
Yes , your computer can be easily infected by virus if you do that 
I see . I'd better never try 
That's wise 
Do you know what's wrong with my PC 
One minute . Oh , yes , it was infected by a virus , and you had no antivirus software 
Is anti-virus software necessary for a PC 
Of course . You'd better learn something about it 
I'm afraid yes . But what about the data I stored in the computer 
Don't worry , it should have been protected automatically . And I take an anti-virus software with me . Do you want me to install it now 
Yes , please . I'll really appreciate that 
I need to get a taxi 
We have a variety of transportation services . Would you prefer a private vehicle to a taxi 
No , that won't be necessary . I just need a taxi 
Perhaps you'd prefer a limousine . That's such a stylish way to travel 
Just a taxi , please 
And what is your destination 
I'm going to Rockefeller Center 
I see . What time do you want to depart from the hotel 
I want to leave as soon as possible 
Okay , a taxi will arrive in seconds , sir 
Thank you , I'm coming down now 
It won't be but a few seconds , sir 
Excuse me , do you have a vacancy 
Let me see . Yes , we still have four left 
Well , I would like to book a single room 
How long would you stay 
5 days . From Feb . 13 to 18 
Hi , Elvin . How are the new programmers I got for you 
Stay away from me 
Are you still mad about your nose ? How is it 
I'm serious , Zina . Back off . I have a bottle of pepper spray in my pocket 
That won't be necessary , Elvin . Look , I want to apologize for your nose . I'm sorry 
Why are you being so nice to me ? Don't think for a second that I trust you 
How was school today 
It was great . I made some friends 
Really , that's good 
But the lessons this semester are a little bit hard 
They aren't hard . I am sure you can do it 
That was heaven 
The sea water treatments are supposed to be really good for you 
Really 
But the water has to be kept at 34 degrees so that the minerals can be absorbed by your body 
Well , whatever it does , I feel transformed 
How do you usually sell your products now 
I'm doing business through Internet now 
Oh , really ? Is it a good way 
Yes , very good 
What advantages does it have 
It is very convenient . You know you can browse the website and send e-mails to your customers at any time 
Yes , if we do business through other ways , it will cost a lot of time 
Also it has low cost , and you know you only need to pay the fee of Internet , which is very cheap 
Yes , going abroad to join the exhibition will cost much . But does it have any disadvantages 
To be frank , sometimes it is not so safe as doing business through traditional ways 
You mean there may be credit problems 
Yes , but if you choose some good B2B websites , such problems can be avoided 
Will you give some suggestion 
Of course , such as the Alabama , which is a famous website 
Thanks . Maybe I will do business through Internet in the future 
Hello , this is Lucie Jing calling from Lincoln Bank . May I speak to Mr Was , please 
Speaking 
Ah , hello , Mr Was . I'm just calling about your new credit card . It has arrived with us , so you can either come to collect it , or we can send it on to you 
Sending it won't be necessary . I'm actually coming in for a meeting with my Personal Banker this afternoon 
What perfect timing 
Indeed . Is there anything I need to do before I collect it 
Not really . But we do recommend you to read through our terms and conditions again before you sign the card , just in case there is something you aren't happy with 
I'm sure it'll be fine . How about my PIN number 
That will be sent on to you within 2 working days . Then , you can start using your new card 
Great . I'll be in later today . Thanks for calling . Bye 
what kinds of tv programmes do you enjoy watching 
I like current affairs programmes and documentaries , especially wildlife ones . How about you 
I like those kinds of programmes too . They ’ re very informative . I think that many people underrate the education value of tv 
I agree . People often criticize tv for showing too much sex and violence 
yeah . And that ’ s so funny because most people prefer watching sex and violence to watching something more educational 
right . You can ’ t blame the tv stations for showing popular kinds of programmes . They need to make money from advertisements shown during and between programmes 
in my country , there ’ s a time limit on the advertisements that can be shown . I think it ’ s about six minutes per hour 
that ’ s great idea . But don ’ t the tv station lose a lot of money because of that 
no . they don ’ t . they simply charge higher prices at peak times . Is there no limit on the amount of advertisements that can be shown on tv in your country 
not as far as I know . We have so many advertisements . the interruptions are unbearable sometimes ! That ’ s one reason that many people prefer satellite or cable tv , where you pay a fixed amount each mo
some people have satellite and cable tv in my country , but people don ’ t seem to keen to pay for their tv programmes . Besides , the terrestrial channels offer a good range of programmes 
well , there ’ s a wildlife documentary on tv in a few minutes . Shall we 
Now I'm sure we'll never get all our things back . They're so clever these criminals . What's the point of collecting beautiful things for other people to steal 
I only wish it were this time yesterday 
Think how happy we were . Now this.Things always go wrong 
Perhaps we ought to get dressed and have breakfast . We'd feel better 
I don't feel like breakfast . I don't feel like anything . Why are we so unlucky ? It's as if there were a jinx on us 
Perhaps I'd better ring the police ..
Yes . Of course . But what good will it do ? That man's miles away from here by now . In our car 
How much is it 
6 500 yuan . You will get it on the price tag 
It s a little overpriced . Is there any discount on this laptop 
Its already very cheap . Let's make it 6 000 yuan 
I ’ d buy this if it were cheaper . How about 5 000 yuan 
Hum ... I say 5 500 yuan . That's as cheap as it can get 
Is it the final price 
I'm sorry , this is our rock bottom price 
Alright , I ’ ll buy this one 
I think he deserved his gold 
Did you see his last dive 
Yes , it's perfect 
He's diving for the gold 
Do you see that small white car over there ? It ’ s Tom ’ s new car 
Oh , my God . It ’ s beautiful . But it looks expensive 
It is very expensive . Tom ’ s father paid for it 
I want to have a car like that . But I am not rich . And I don ’ t have a rich daddy 
They are By new models now , they are not very expensive . Maybe you should look for one 
Give me your hand . ( takes Rose's hand ) Close your eyes . Go on . ( Rose closes her eyes ) Step up . Now hold on to the rail . Keep your eyes closed ; don't peek 
I'm not 
Step up onto the rail . Hold on . Keep your eyes closed . Trust me 
I trust you 
All right , open your eyes . ( Rose opens her eyes . She stretches her arms , and Jack stands behind her , arms around her . 
I'm fling , Jack . ( singing ) Come , Josephine , in my flying machine . Up she goes , and up she goes ..
Which school is your children in 
She is now in a private school 
Oh , it costs too much . It's more expensive than the public school 
It's idea of my husband . He is always banging the drum for better schools 
But the private school amount to better schools 
Is there anything I can do for you 
I want to have a trip to Sydney 
Sure . How long is your vacation 
3 weeks
Well , how do you like this one ? You will stay there for 17 days 
It's good . By the way , what kind of clothes do I have to bring with me 
It's summer in Sydney so you have to bring your summer wear 
I always think everybody looks down on me
Don't be that negative 
How can you be optimistic ? You can see it in their eyes 
I find it there is no meaning in living this world 
Don't be that negative 
Really , life is so boring 
Is there a lot of oil and coal in your country 
There is some , but my country is not amongst the leading producers . The oil and coal deposits are in the north of my country . Your country is a big oil producer , isn ’ t it 
Yes , it is . My country is famous for having that natural resources . We also have a lot of natural gas 
We have some too . Do you have a lot of coal 
No coal has been discovered in my country , but there may be undiscovered deposits . We don ’ t have many metal deposits 
There are a few in my country . We have deposit of gold , but they are very small 
When I traveled around your country , I bought some jewellery made from gold from your country . The jewellery told me that there are few gold mines in your country . The gold was found in mountain steams 
That ’ s right . A few people go panning for gold in rivers 
You have many trees in your country . That ’ s another natural resources 
It ’ s a natural resources that we hardly use . Government policy is to conserve those forests 
I see . That ’ s probably a good idea . Too many forest are being destroyed 
Is your country ’ s environment being damaged by the oil industry 
We have some inspections , but it is very hard to avoid pollution when extracting oil . There has been some damage , but it is under control 
I would like high speed internet installed in my house 
You have to make an appointment before we can come out and install it 
I'd like to make an appointment right now 
What day are you available 
I would like to have it done this Friday 
Three o'clock is the only time we can come in 
Is it possible for someone to come a little earlier 
I'm sorry , but that's our only available time 
How about Saturday 
We're completely open on Saturday 
Can you come over at 11
That'll be fine 
You ’ re home late today , David . How was school 
Not bad . There ’ s a new English teacher 
Oh , what ’ s she like 
She is beautiful 
Is she old or young 
She is quite young and her hair is blond 
Is she strict 
Not really . Her eyes are blue 
Can she speak Chinese 
Not much . She is very tall and slim 
David , stop dreaming . It ’ s time to do your homework 
May I have a reservation 
Yes , of course 
I've got three guests today . We'd like a table next to the window 
All right . Your name , please 
I'm Chen Liang 
Chen Liang , a table for four . And when are you coming 
We may come at 6:30 p . m 
OK . We look forward to seeing you . Goodbye 
Goodbye 
What happened to you 
I think I caught a cold 
Do you have any symptoms 
Runny nose and coughing 
Do you have a fever 
I have just taken the temperature , I don't think so 
It's not serious 
Are you sure 
Yes 
What should I do 
You should drink more hot water , and do some exercise 
Hello . I'm leaving . Here is my key 
Just one second , sir , and I'll give you your receipt . Here you go 
Thank you very much 
Sir , did you enjoy your stay here 
Well , most of my time here was pleasant . And New York itself is fantastic 
I'm glad you enjoyed the city , anyway . But please don't think too unkindly of us 
I am confused . How could a golfer need so many clubs ? Seems to me , 14 altogether , right
I should say , a a ' set ' of golf clubs is restricted to no more than 14 clubs 
Then what makes a ' set ' of clubs 
In general , a set of golf clubs 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , PW ; Woods : 1 , 3 , 5 and a putter 
So many 
This is not to say you have to carry all of these clubs . It depends on your preferences 
Have you heard of Tiger Woods 
Of course even people who don't know anything about golf know his name 
I ’ ll be away for a moment 
Yes ? Anything I can do for you 
Look ! I ’ v been watching that man down in the street . He keeps peeping into the shop . Keep your eyes skinned for that guy , will you 
Ok 
Good morning . Can I help you 
Good morning . I would like to make a reservation to Hong Kong for August 2 
Just a moment , please . I am sorry , sir . There is no ticket available on that day . But we have flights for Hong Kong the next day 
May I inquire about the departure time 
A 9:12 flight in the morning and a 14:00 flight in the afternoon 
When will the plane reach Hong Kong for the morning flight 
At 10:20
OK . I would like to book a ticket for that one 
All right , sir . Please reconfirm your ticket no later than 12 noon two days before the flight ; otherwise , your reservation will automatically be canceled 
Yes , I know . What's the fare 
It's 500 dollars , not including ground transportation fares between the airport and downtown 
I see . Will it be doubled for the round trip 
Right , sir . And please do not forget to bring a valid travel document with you when you buy the tickets 
I won't 
Hi , Mike . Haven't seen you for a while . How's Cathy 
We are not seeing each other any more 
What happened ? Did you break up 
Yeah . I got sick and tired of her nagging all the time 
Oh , I am sorry . Maybe you were just emotional at that moment . Do you think you guys can get back together 
I don't know . There ’ s plenty of fish out there in the sea 
Oh , you are such a dog 
I'm going to work in a multi-national enterprise after graduation 
but you said your dream was to be an entrepreneur , to be your own boss 
I'll do it someday . But it's not the right time now . I have to learn a lot by working as an employee 
it sounds like you've got a perfect plan 
you could say so . I'll work hard in that company and try to understand as much as possible about how to run an enterprise 
it can save you lots of time and effort to simply copy a successful business model 
yeah , the success stories of that company might be useful for me . And their customers may become the potential ones for my own company 
that's right . You should establish good relationships with them . what else are you planning to do while working for that company 
well , I'll come up with a detailed business plan to attract the investors 
sounds perfect . I think with all that you have in mind , you'll become a successful businessman . By then , perhaps , I'll join in as a partner of your company 
Let's program your courses , since you have had English literature , you should take American literature and American prose and fiction.You transcript indicate that your english background is strong , so I don't think you have any problem with it 
How many credits for each course 
Three , you also should take two three-credit-course in education department 
Thank you , sir , I'm sure I will 
Operator , can you give me any information on the call I just received 
I don ’ t know who placed the call . However , the call was from Toronto 
Can you tell me the calling number , please 
Sure . 416-790-1256 
Thank you 
You ’ re welcome 
Hello , how are you ? I am Jack 
Hello , I am Amy 
What brings you here 
I saw that your Corollas are on sale 
Yes , it is really a good deal . $ 1,000 discount . I've never seen a sale as good as this one 
Tell me about Corollas 
Sure . It has 1.8 liter engine . This one comes with all power options , air condition , CD player , full size spare tire , automatic transmission and ABC . The window price is $ 17,000 , and I can give You for $ 16.000 
Sounds good . How about $ 15 , 000 
You must be kidding ! You cannot get that price anywhere 
I am serious . $ 15,000 
Can you put down a $ 2,000 deposit , and I'll talk to my manager , see what we can do 
No . Just talk to your manager and let me know 
Okay , I'll be right back ... Congratulations ! The manager approved the final price $ 15,000 
The price is fine if you give me free security system and free carpet mats 
You are really tough . You got a deal 
Thanks 
Look out ! Your tea water is running over 
Oh , would you please turn off the fire ? My hands are sticky with the dough 
Sure 
Thanks 
So Janet , do you do any sports 
Well , I go to the gym a lot . I am a member of a gym nearby 
Yeah , how often do you go 
About three times a week if I can 
Not bad ! Do you do any other sports 
Not really . I ’ d really like to try golf , though 
How do you decide what grade we get 
I look at many things , attendance , quizzes , and tests 
What is the most important factor 
Obviously I look for improvement as we go along , but I would like you to do your best from the beginning 
How can we keep track of our grades 
The final and midterm are 40 percent of your grade ; homework , attendance , and quizzes total 60 percent 
What if we can't get to school 
You can only miss one class without penalty 
If we have a major problem , will you let us know 
I will be letting you know during the year if you have a major problem 
What time does the museum close ? Any idea 
I'm not sure , but I think It's open until 4 o'clock 
What time is it now 
It's a quarter past three 
I've come about your wools . According to our market survey , wools are likely to find a ready market in our country 
Wonderful ! We can meet your requirements and the offer is ready for you . Here it is . The unit price is USD 15.00 per kilogram 
Do you quote CIF or FOB 
It's FOB Shanghai 
Could you quote the price of CIF Hamburg 
Certainly , that's easy . We will work out our CIF offer this evening . Could you come again tomorrow , say , at 10 AM 
Okay , see you tomorrow 
Can I have a look at your international timetable 
Sorry.We don't have a printed one . Is there anything else I can do for you 
Yes . Do you have any direct flight to Tokyo 
Sorry , we don't . I don't think you can find any airline which offers a non-stop flight to Tokyo 
What about a flight to Paris 
Yes . It is really a place of interest and we have the direct flight everyday 
I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee 
Yeah , you get the TV to yourself while I spend my nights surfing the Net for missing classmates 
That's not why . This way I can see how you guys do this sort of thing 
I guess . Don't you have reunions in Taiwan 
Definitely . Every year . But just for our forty-person class 
Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year 
Melanie , can you help me with something ? We need to finalize the account with the Mexican Embassy and , I need some advice on phrasing this letter correctly in English 
Sure Tracy , let me just get my laptop 
Okay , so ... To Whom It May Concern , I am writing 
Um , Tracy ? I think that ' s a little too formal . I know you want to be polite but you've already made contact with them , so in English you can be more relaxed in the opening ..
Okay , more relaxed . Got it . Hey , Sally , what ' s up ? It's Tracy here , just 
Okay Tracy , now it's too relaxed ! You've still got to show some respect . How about starting with " Dear Ms . Cooper , I'm writing to confirm ... 
Great , okay . " Dear Miss Cooper , I'm writing to confirm the final quotation for the full page back cover color advertisement you requested for the spring issue of Voila magazine " 
That's great ..
" The final costing , including advert design and production , comes to forty-five thousand six hundred RIB . We want payment ten working days before publication or we will cancel the ad . Thanks for ... 
Woo , okay , back up a second , Tracy . That's too direct . Can I suggest you say , please note that final payment is due two working weeks before publication ? You don't want to offend her 
Oops , okay . You are right . Then I can just end with " All the best , Tracy " 
Mmmm , maybe , but I'd play it safe and just finish with " Yours Sincerely " . That's more professional 
Oh , Melanie , you are a life saver , thank you 
hey Ayden , I was wondering if you could do me a favor 
that depends . What is it 
it's kind of a big favor . I'm absolutely flat broke , and I owe my landlady $ 200 . she's given me until Friday to give it to her , but I don't get paid until next Monday . Do you think you could loans
I'd love to help you out , but I'm a bit short on cash this month as well . I had to get a new engine put into my car , and that ate up my savings 
if you can't give me the full amount , a fraction of it would still help . I'll pay you back on Monday . I promise 
let's see , I've got about $ 50 to get me through the weekend . I can only spare about $ 20 . I would give you more if I had it , I just don't have much money to my name right now 
thanks a lot Ayden . Every little bit will help . Tell you what , if you aren't doing anything tonight , why don't you come over and have dinner at my place 
that'd be great . Thanks ! What time should I come over 
how about at 6 pm 
see you then 
It's weekend again , I'm glad I can arrange for my personal matters 
What do you mean by that 
Oh , that means I can do whatever I like without few interruptions 
You've been always active and versatile . It seems that you are interested in everything 
Oh , really ? I just have lots of hobbies in my spare time ; such as going to the concert , painting , handwriting , reading novels and reading fashion magazines . What about yours 
I have fewer hobbies than yours . That's why I find campus life a bit dull and uninteresting 
Oh , you can't think like that . We young people should try our best to learn new things and accept new ideas . You like taking photos and going to photography shows , why not practise the technique and catch something unforgeable 
That's a good suggestion . It's fine today . Maybe I can take photos on the scenery of the lake at sunset . It must be fantastic 
I quite agree with you . With our hobbies , our life can be more colorful and exciting 
And I can concentrate on my study after the relaxation over the weekend 
Yes , it's a good habit to have a life-long hobby . Those who practise calligraphy and Qigong always live longer 
What's the matter with me , Doctor ? I feel so tired these days 
Is your blood pressure , I'm afraid . It's far too high 
And what's the cause of that 
Overwork-amongst other things . You can't work 24 hours a day . You ' Ve got to slow down 
But I can't just slow down 
You've got to , I'm afraid . And look at this . You weigh 200 stones . That's too much for a man of your size 
You mean I've got to lose weight 
Yes . You've got to cut down on bread and potatoes and take more exercise 
Pardon me . I need an old music box 
Exactly how old a box do you want 
Actually , I was thinking about something from the 1920s 
We still have six left 
Do any of the boxes have dancing figures 
Dancing figures are quite popular . Two of the boxes have them 
I love the dancing figures . I'll take this music box 
Yes , I think you'll be very satisfied with that one 
I was wondering , does this come with any kind of warranty 
No . But if something goes wrong with it , I know someone who repairs these things 
I was just hoping 
It's amazing that these things still work as well as they do 
May I have the bill , please 
Here is it 
How much altogether 
The total amount is $ 185 
Does it include the charge for drinks 
Yes 
Here is $ 200 , keep the change , please 
Thanks 
Don ’ t be angry with them . After all , they are still children 
But I am still worry about them . I ’ m afraid ..
If I were you , I would not put crime in their doing these thing . We should encourage our children to do what they like , so long as they are not far off track 
Well , I won ’ t put a crime into their doings 
It ’ s time to get up 
I just went to bed 
You shouldn ’ t stay up so late watching TV . I told you we had to get an early start 
I know , but that movie was just too good to leave . I guess I ’ ll just have to pay the price anti-sleepy 
Do you want to eat breakfast here 
No . why don ’ t we describe and buy at the coffee shop next door 
Ok by me 
Is this watch yours 
No , it isn't mine . I blundered upon it under the sofa . Do you know whose watch it is 
Let me have a look . It's mine . I have been looking for it , but just cannot find it . It's present from my father 
Well , here you are . Remember to put it in a proper place 
If we give you the job , what ’ s the most important thing you except to get 
Well , I just want to enjoy what I ’ m doing it ’ s the most important thing to me 
Just this 
Yes , because I think being interesting thing is the best teacher . Or have more opportunities to have career growth 
Do you want to get a promotion 
Yes , of course 
Where would you like to be in 5 years 
In five years , I ’ d like to be a senior manager of this corporation 
How do you plan to accomplish this 
By doing whatever is necessary 
Yes , sir . What'll it be for you 
Two hamburgers and French fries 
Is there anything else 
Give me two cokes also , please 
Is this to go or to eat here 
We'll eat here 
Here you are . That's eight fifty 
And can I have some ketchup , please 
It's on the service counter over there 
Cindy ! Are you getting take-out 
Yeah , do you want something 
Yeah , thanks . Could you pick me up a chicken salad sandwich , an order of fries , and a large diet coke 
No problem . Do you have any cash on you ? I don ’ t think I have enough 
Don't throw paper on the floor , Bill 
Where shall I put it , miss 
Put it in the waste-paper basket , please 
But Peter and Tony put all their paper in the basket a few moments ago.Now it's full 
In that case , take the basket outside and empty it 
Yes , miss 
Where did you empty the basket , Bill 
In the playground , miss 
Silly boy ! The dustbin is at the back of the school . Now pick up the paperand put it in the dustbiri 
Where is some fresh produce that's on sale 
Well , I think you'll like the mangoes 
I've never had a mango 
It's a fruit . It has a big stone in it 
Can you eat the stone 
No . You would break all your teeth on it 
How much are these mangoes 
The sale price today is $ 1 each 
Can you describe their taste 
They usually taste sweet , but they remind me of an orange 
How can I tell if they're ripe 
Don't cut into them until you can feel that they're soft on the outside 
What country produces them 
They come from tropical countries 
How is your new car 
Perfect . Couldn't be better 
Why do you say so ? Can I see your new car 
Of course you can . ( Lead Carl to his garage . 
Wow , this new car is dynamite ! It is a shiny , beautiful car 
My car is simply a daisy . It drives smoothly 
The car has very sleek lines . I love it 
I am glad to hear that . I'm really pleased with it 
You made a good choice 
I've heard that you provide very good service , so when I need a mover , I call you guys first 
Thanks a lot for calling us . Could you tell me more about what you need us to do 
Oh , you see , we are on the 8th floor , and moving into the 6th floor in another building . It is about 15 kilometers to get there 
OK , the cost depends on the floor to move to , the distance between two places and the amount of the furniture to move 
How much will it cost in that case 
Oh , let me see . It fits the second standard rates . Have a look at the contract , please 
Your charge is divided into two parts , the Payment in Advance and the rest . I thought that I should pay all of it before moving 
No , firstly we sign the contract ; you pay 50 % of what it costs , and the rest when we finish moving 
The damage and compensation item confuses me . Could you give some explanation 
OK . If any of the articles was damaged during moving , you may make a claim for compensation with our department 
We finally get a chance to meet 
Thank you for meeting me here 
It's no problem 
I need to speak with you about your daughter 
Is there something wrong 
I enjoy having your daughter in my class 
I'm glad to hear it 
She is a great addition to my class 
You don't have anything bad to say about her 
She is always behaving herself , and she's so smart 
I am so happy that she's doing okay 
I'm more than happy having her in my class 
It's said that the government will clamp down on the new policy 
Are you sure of that 
I am not certain about that 
They may have some difficulty in doing it 
I would like to register for a class today 
No problem , what class would you like to take 
I would very much enjoy taking a Psychology class.Because I'm crazy 
There are two classes that are still open 
Which days are these classes on 
The first class is a Tuesday and Thursday class from two to three 
What about the other class 
The other class is on Monday and Wednesday from 10 am - 12 
Are you sure there are no more open classes 
I'm positive 
Sign me up for Monday and Wednesday 
Okay , I'll sign you up 
Do you have any plans for Veteran ’ s Day 
You mean Armistice Day 
Well , as you know , on November 11th the allies signed a peace treaty with the Germans , also known as the Armistice Treaty . This marked the end of WWI and many countries around the world commemorate this date under names such as Remembers ’ Day . In Poland it ’ s their independence day ! There ’ s a lot going on around the world on this day 
Wow , I didn ’ t know ! Probably because I flunked history in school 
Hello ! So you are leaving today 
Hello . Thank you for seeing me off . You actually don't need to bother 
It is my pleasure to see you off 
Thanks a lot . I hope to see you again 
I hope so , too 
Thanks again for everything you have done for me 
You're welcome . Have a nice trip 
What is your case against the police 
They arrested me for nothing 
What do you mean 
They weren ’ t supposed to arrest me 
Didn ’ t they let you go 
They didn ’ t let me go until the next morning 
So they kept you at the station 
They sure did 
Did they tell you why they arrested you 
I matched the description of a robbery suspect 
I understand 
I want to take them to court 
May I know who's calling 
Hello , this is David 
Glad to hear your voice , David 
I am a little nervous about my presentation on Friday 
If you would like me to , I could help you with that 
Wouldn't that take you away from your project 
I have plenty of time to do this . I promise you it won't be a problem for me 
Is there a good time for you to help me 
If we work on this tomorrow night , you could easily be ready by Friday 
How about meeting in my office 
That would work out well . Bring any concerns that you might have 
Sounds like you'll be able to help me a lot 
Don't worry . Everything will go well . I promise 
Hey man , you wanna buy some weed 
Some what 
Weed ! You know ? Pot , Ganja , Mary Jane some chronic 
Oh , umm , no thanks 
I also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines 
No , I am ok , really 
Come on man ! I even got dope and acid ! Try some 
Do you really have all of these drugs ? Where do you get them from 
I got my connections ! Just tell me what you want and I ’ ll even give you one ounce for free 
Sounds good ! Let ’ s see , I want 
Yeah 
I want you to put your hands behind your head ! You are under arrest 
What ’ s the date today 
December the fifteenth . The day after tomorrow is little Tom ’ s birthday 
Right . What present should we give him this time ? By the way , how old is he 
Thirteen today and tomorrow . Fourteen the day after tomorrow 
How time flies ! He ’ s a big boy now 
And don ’ t forget Mary , Tom ’ s twin sister . It ’ s her birthday , too 
OK . Let ’ s invite all their little friends to come and celebrate 
Long time no see 
Yes . It has been a long time since the last time we met 
It's nice to see you again . Have you changed jobs 
No . I've been visiting relatives recently 
That's nice . Where have you been 
I went to visit an uncle in San Francisco 
Are you busy now 
No . Why 
How about a coffee in that cafe 
Great . Let's talk over coffee 
Hello ! Do you have a place where I can exercise 
Yes , sir . We have a fine exercise facility 
I'm happy to hear that . Now , would you tell me where it is 
You're actually standing above it . Just take the elevator or stairs down one level 
Is the hotel going to charge me a dollar a minute for gym use 
No , sir . There's no extra charge . All you need is your room key to open the door 
And the gym hours are 
Sir , you'll be pleased to know that our gym never closes 
One more question , Do you have a trainer 
We might be getting one in the near future . But at the present time , no 
I don't know what to say . This can't be happening . Here's the obituary 
It's really there ? This all seems so surreal-like it's all one big nightmare 
But it explains why Taylor isn't answering and Femi took time off from work 
Poor Femi . Taylor's death must have made her realize that she still cared for him 
This says the viewing is at Myers Funeral Home today until five 
It's already half past four . We should go and pay our respects . Taylor's family will be there 
What is your favorite kind of music 
I listen to various types of music 
What genres 
I enjoy listening to both Rock and R & B 
What interests you in that type of music 
I enjoy the different types of instruments that they use 
That is a perfect reason to like a certain kind of music 
That's exactly what I think too 
Hi , Paulo . How are things going 
Everything's going very well . The first phase of the project was finished three days ahead of schedule . We're on target to complete phase two by the beginning of week 40 
That's good news . What stage are you at now 
Well , we've just finished laying the cabling and we're waiting for the safety inspector to give us the go-ahead to continue . I'm just going to meet him . Do you want to come 
Could you give us a detailed description of the properties of your product 
OK . The X2500 has the unique feature of providing better data flow with less input time . It will reduce your work load at the office 
Could you tell me more about it 
Of course . One of the real pluses of this product is that it is of very high quality , and of compact size . No one can match us so far as quality is concerned 
Can you introduce its price level to me 
We have this item in three price level 
We need the best possible quality 
That means this one 
I see , that's what I will order 
It's hard to get tickets for the movie 
Did you get any 
Yeah , two at the tenth rows 
How much is the ticket 
3.5 dollars each 
Do you have laundry service 
Yes.We have an excellent service here 
Well , would you please send someone to 502 ? I have some clothes to wash 
OK 
Did you hear what she said to me 
I heard it 
What do you think I should do about it 
Just let it be . Her rudeness will come back to haunt her 
Here we are , Ryan ! This is where we're going to celebrate 
It's a ETV palace ! I'm glad I brought my platinum card 
You won't need it . Stanley , my best man , is going to treat everybody 
Where is Stanley ? It was his idea to have the bachelor's party at a ETV , wasn't it 
If it were up to Stanley , we'd have the wedding in the ETV ! He loves to sing 
Then I bet he's really good 
Well , uh , I'll let you decide that for yourself . He'll be here a little later . Here's our room 
Do you know what the BBS is 
Sure 
Tell me then 
BBS means Bulletin Board Service 
Oh , I see , but what's it used for 
A lot of things 
Tell me in details 
Okay . BBS , an online service , offers a wide variety of online games , files , one-on-one chat , message areas , private mail , and participate forums 
Oh , that's great . I want to try later 
Why not 
Are you sure you know where this bus goes 
It should go to Altadena 
What do you mean it should 
I'm not completely sure if it really does 
Dude , are we on the right bus 
I'm almost positive that this is the right one 
It doesn't look like we're on our way to Altadena 
We have been riding this bus for a long time 
What does that sign say 
I think it says Temple City 
Yup , I'm never trusting you with the bus schedules again 
I'm sorry . But at least we know which bus to catch to get back where we started 
Yeah , at least 
Hello , is that Susan who applied for an accountant in our company through the phone 
Yes , speaking . Can I help you 
I am the HR manager of the ABC Company . You are on the list of interviewees . Would you please come over to have an interview 
Sure , I'd love to . Thank you 
Hello , I set up my laundry yesterday , are they being ready 
They will be ready this afternoon 
Oh , no . I ’ m leaving for Japan at eleven this morning 
Is that right ? We are very sorry
I thought it the same day service . Anyway , please do a hurry 
I ’ m afraid ... be can returned by eleven o ’ clock 
Well , then . Would you send to Japan , please 
Yes , we ’ ll do so 
Could you tell me how to use the library 
Sure . All you need is your student ID card or admission card to check out books and read journals or magazines in the library 
How many books am I allowed to check out at a time 
Two books at a time . Except magazines or journals , they have to be read within library 
How long can I keep the books 
For one month . If you can ’ t return the books in time , you'll be fined . But if you renew them , you can keep them longer 
I see . Now I want to check out two books on spoken English . Can you show me where I can find them 
Yes , just over there to your right 
Thank you very much 
You ’ re welcome 
Hello , Personal Banking . How may I help you 
Hi there . I'm calling about Personal Internet Banking , what details can you give me 
Personal Internet Banking is a self service financial service that is based on the Internet . It can be used by both businesses and individuals . We offer an online payment service , Personal Net Banking , which includes services such as account transfers , personal foreign exchange trading . You can also get account management services , online bill payment , for household bills like gas and electricity ..
That sounds good . At the moment I spend ages queuing at the post office to pay my bills 
May I help you , madam 
Yes . I ’ m trying to find a pair of earrings to match my necklace . Can you recommend some to me 
Yes . Your gold necklace has a diamond pendant , and your eardrops should be
These look wonderful . Do these come with a guarantee of quality 
Of course . If there is anything wrong with them , you can come back and show me the guarantee of quality , and then you will surely get free service 
I ’ ll take them 
Excuse me , is this the office of the Textile Corporation 
Yes , What can I do for you 
I'm from CTC Trade Company . Here is my card 
Welcome to our corporation . I'm in charge of the export business 
I'm glad to meet you here . You're Ms . ..
I'm In Hui . Do sit down , won't you 
Thank you , Ms . In . I'm here to discuss the possibility of establishing business relations with your corporation 
We'd be very glad to do so . Have you seen the exhibits displayed in the hall 
Yes , I had a look around yesterday . I wish I could have them all . Can you give me a price list with specifications 
Yes , of course . If you make an inquiry , we can make you a firm offer 
Thank you very much 
My son is alway complaining that I dump on him . He was very rude and told me to mind my own business . I cannot put up with that 
What does his dad say 
John is a peacemaker.He simply doesn ’ t bother.He says he should give him a free hand 
Which movie is your favorite to watch 
I have to say , my favorite movie is Superbad 
Is that right ? Why 
Honestly , it is one of the funniest movies I've seen in a long time 
You're right . That movie is hilarious 
I didn't think you saw that movie 
I went to see it the day it came out 
I was laughing through the whole movie 
I couldn't help laughing , either 
Same here 
I bought the movie . Would you like to come to my house and watch it 
Of course 
My uncle passed away last night 
My condolences 
What are you looking for 
I lost one of my contact lenses , and I ’ m searching high and low for it 
Where did you lose it ? Maybe I can help you to find it 
Thank you very much . I think I lost it near the window 
Can I order take-out here 
We only have spring rolls today for take-out 
Then could I have four orders , please 
Of course , ma'am 
Will it take long 
Not long . They'll be ready in a few minutes 
What would you like for your main course 
Steak , please 
How would you like your steak ? Rare , medium-rare or well-done 
Well-done , please 
What's the chef's specialty 
It's fried sole 
Bring me one and besides , I would like to have a chicken cream soup 
Sure . Please wait for a moment 
Good afternoon ! Trans Pacific Airline . How can I help you 
I ’ m calling to cancel my reservation for Trans Pacific Flight 8 on July 19 from Taipei to Minneapolis . Could you please make it for the same flight on August 2 instead of July 19 
What ’ s your name , please 
My name is Judy Wang 
How do you spell your name , please 
My first name is J-U-D-Y , and my last name is W-A-N-G 
Please note that this ticket has a penalty of $ 75 for any change or cancellation 
It ’ s OK . Where should I pay for the penalty 
At the airport . OK , Miss . Wang , your Flight 8 on July 19 from Taipei to Minneapolis is canceled . Your new reservation is Trans Pacific Flight 8 from Taipei to Minneapolis at 9 thirty a . m . on August 2 
That ’ s 1POJ7403 
That ’ s correct 
Thank you 
Is there anything else I can do for you 
No , thanks . I ’ m all set . Good-bye 
Julia , I have good news for you 
What's up 
I have earned a lot of money this week , more than I do in a fortnight 
It is really good news . How much do you earn a week now 
My wages are six hundred dollars a week . But I find a part-time job to supplement my income 
Darling , I know you are a good husband . You don't have to work so hard . After all your health is the most important 
I know , darling . I must earn enough money to buy a car . I do a part-time job to increase my income . Don't worry , I will take care of myself 
I see . You must have more rest 
T he nineteenth of June is my birthday . I'm planning to have a small party . Could you come 
Happy birthday to you ! I'd really love to come , but I'm not sure right now . I'll try to make it.Thank you for your invitation 
Hi , I need to talk with the property manager right away 
This is the property manager . What seems to be the problem 
This morning , when we woke up , there was water pouring in from the ceiling 
Could you tell me what room had the leak 
There were several rooms , but the worst leak was in the bathroom 
Could you please remind me which floor you are on 
We are on the second floor , one of the middle floors 
I will be sending the assistant manager to check it out . May we look at it this morning 
Actually , I have to go to school right now 
If you aren ’ t there , we will use our master key to get in and check things out 
Life's so boring 
Well , most of the time it is , I guess 
What do you think will make you happy 
I think money will make me happy 
You heard people say that money doesn't guarantee happiness 
It will for me . Then I can do all the things I want to do 
You'll get bored eventually 
Then I can find something new to do . If I don't have to worry about money , then I don't have to work 
That's true , I guess . If I didn't have to work , I think I would be happy 
You see ... money doesn't equal happiness , but it takes away a lot of responsibilities 
I ’ Ve decided to go to the cinema alone this evening 
What has caused you to make such a decision ? Didn ’ t you used to go with Helen 
Helen is nice but she talks a lot 
Oh . That ’ s really annoying when seeing a film 
It sure is 
Now let's use the weight machines 
How about the rowing machine
Great . They've all got built-in TVs 
Cool ! We can watch Ally Mcneal 
But we could just stay there for 20 minutes 
What exercises can I do to firm up my backside
I would recommend doing some squats . Spread your feet about shoulder-length apart , toes facing forward , and slowly bend at your knees 
Like this 
Keep your back straight and look forward . Good . Do about 3 sets of 20 
What can I do for you today 
Can I sign up for some classes today 
Which classes 
I would like to take a driver's course 
Would you like to make an appointment 
Why do I need an appointment 
You need to sign the paperwork 
Can I do that right now 
When can you come in 
How about 9 o'clock tomorrow morning 
I'll schedule you for then 
Thanks for all your help 
What an attractive blouse , You look so pretty in this blue dress 
Really ? Thank you . I bought it in Spring Street yesterday 
It's very nice.It goes well with your skirt 
Thank you.It ' s very nice of you to say so 
Not at all.This dress certainly shows your good taste 
That's quite a compliment coming from you 
Hello 
Hello ? Mr . Bernie . My name is Lisa . I hope I ’ m not disturbing you . I just heard about your daughter . I wanted to call you and tell you how much we ’ ll miss her 
I ’ m sorry . I think you are calling the wrong person . My name is not Mr . Bernie 
What ? That ’ s odd . I ’ m so sorry if I ’ Ve bothered you 
No problem 
I have something really cool to tell you about ! Do you know anything about online auctions 
Not really 
They're awesome ! I was browsing through the eBay auction today , and I found the cutest fat little copper Buddha ! It's over a hundred years old 
Please don't tell me you bought it 
Why not 
If you did , you probably got ripped off 
Hi , Larry , how was your weekend 
Not bad . We had a get-together with friends from college . I haven't seen many of them since graduation . How about you 
Great . I hung out with Jo all day shopping , and the went out for dinner together 
Sounds a good weekend . You know it always amazes me that two people as different as you and Jo can become such close friends 
Yeah , I never thought we could be good friends either . We have our differences . She's more outgoing and active while I am more quiet and reversed , but we still get along extremely well . We can talk for hours about anything 
That's great . I know people who can't stand each other for even five minutes 
When Jo and I are together , we argue a lot , but that's also part of the fun . Besides , I know she will always be there for me when I need her , and she knows I'll be there for her 
It seems you two bring out the best of one another 
Exactly . Having Jo as my friend is one of the best things that's ever happened to me 
Yeah , you are so lucky to have found each other 
Thanks , I think so too 
The City Bank . May I help you , sir 
Yes , I'd like to close my account 
May I have your name , please 
Adam Smith 
Alright , what's your address 
56 Edison Ave , Apartment 39 , Los Angeles 
When would you like your account closed 
Next Friday 
Okay . Where would you like to have your last bill sent to you 
14 May flower Ave , Los Angeles 
Alright , We'll take care of that 
Miss , the air-conditioner in my room doesn't work 
Oh , sorry about that.We ' ll get it fixed as soon as we can 
Are you saying you saw an eagle ? There are no eagles here 
Yes , I saw one . Believe me 
You must have seen some other kind of bird 
Look at this headline - Elvis Baby Born on Spacecraft . Where do these tabloids get such crazy stories 
I ’ Ve often wondered the same thing . I also wonder who reads them . Then I realize that I ’ m standing here reading them myself 
It looks as though everyone in line reads them , or at least looks at the headlines 
I think we picked the right line . This one seems to be moving more quickly than the others 
Maybe our checker is faster at scanning the food 
I ’ m glad . We have only about twenty things here , and I ’ m in a hurry to get home 
I ’ m so hungry . Let me have a look at the menu 
We can pig out on potato chips and cookies . They are very cheap 
Would you show us the menu 
Sure . Here you are 
I'd like to have prawn cocktail , and tomato soup for the main course , I'd like steak with onion , with some black coffee afterwards 
Sorry , tomato soup is not being served today , but we have egg soup , it's very delicious . Why don't you try it today 
It sounds good . I'll try it 
Would you like to have a drink 
Well , I'll have a glass of mineral water 
Anything else 
No , thank you . I think it's enough for dinner 
OK . I'll be back soon 
May I help you , sir 
Yes , please . I'm looking for a cotton polo shirt 
Any particular colour 
Not really 
How about this one 
I like the design , but don't particularly care for the colour . Do you have that in other colours , too 
Well , they come in white , pale yellow , aqua , red and green . Will a white one do 
Yes . I prefer white - and may I see a pale yellow one , too 
Why , of course . Let's see ... White ... Pale yellow . Here you are , sir 
Just make yourself at home 
Thank you . You are cooking up a storm 
Wouldn't you like some more chicken 
No , thank you . I'm afraid I can't take in anymore 
I ’ ll take this blouse and skirt please 
How would you like to pay 
Can I pay by card 
Cash or card is fine 
Ok , I ’ ll pay by card then 
Hi , Ellen ! How is it going 
Can ’ t be better ! Bob , aren ’ t you glad the semester is over 
Yep ! Are you going to the rock concert Friday night 
I didn ’ t think much of it . Are you 
Sure . Would you like go with me 
Sounds like fun 
You ’ ll have to buy your own ticket though 
Are you broke again ? Let me treat you 
Wow ! When did you come into so much cash 
You know , I am a waitress at the student center . Anyway now those final exams are almost over . I ’ d love a night out 
How much was your watch 
Take a guess 
How is your English ability 
Not bad . I ’ m proficient in both written and spoken English 
English and computer skills are comparatively important to this position , especially in the starting period . What ’ s your ability in these two fields 
I passed College English Test Band 6 , with good skill in listening , speaking , reading , and writing . I haven't got any certificate of computer skills , because I don ’ t think certificates are necessary if what ’ s needed is merely operating a computer . I think practically , to know how to use a computer is more important . And I am quite familiar with Microsoft Office 
What else do you have to prove your English ability 
I took a part-time job last semester in translating and doing reception work for an exhibition . My work included hosting the visiting foreign exhibitors , communicating with them , arranging their agenda , and translating several materials . I think this activity well demonstrated my ability in English . And I will be glad to take any form of English test you arrange for me to prove my ability 
How do you deal with those who you think are difficult to work with 
I stick to my principles and keep to the rules . Sometimes , they just lack enthusiasm . When I get them involved with something constructive , some of them change their attitude later 
Yes , I see 
Will you look at this form 
Are you having problems with it 
I don't understand some things 
Let me help you 
What does MI mean 
MI stands for Middle Initial 
What does MM / DD / YY mean 
That means Month / Day / Year . Use numbers 
I don't understand 
For example , if your birth date is January 12 , 1987 , write 01/12 /8 7 
Oh . That's simple enough 
Always print clearly , and fill in the bubbles completely 
Would you like chicken or beef 
Chicken , please 
Here you are 
Thank you . Oh , can I have another drink 
Certainly . The service cart will be down the aisle again soon 
At the Beijing Olympics , all four table tennis events were all-Chinese finals . A clean sweep again 
Yes . All international ping-pong tournaments have become a demonstration of Chinese supremacy in the sport 
Do you know any secrets to China's success 
In the first place , I think the whole nation is just fond of the game . It is well grounded with the mass . With huge numbers of people playing ping-pong , we can always spot a handful of potential world champions 
So , the national ping-pong team must be a highly competitive membership 
Sure . There is a careful mechanism for selecting players from provincial teams , and those lucky dogs have to observe strict rules 
For example 
They are subject to hard training . And you know what , for a player on the national team , personal affairs are supposed to take a back seat to training and competitions . They are not even allowed to talk relationships with each other 
Oh , dear ! It's an encroachment on individual rights 
Well , ping-pong is our national sport , and we just have to keep winning one honor after another . That's why many people think such rules acceptable . After all , they are funded out of taxpayers'money 
Do you think you can fix my computer 
I'll give it a try 
I'm sorry for spilling my drink on your rug 
There's no need to apologize 
But I ruined your rug 
Forget it . It was an accident 
How do you feel 
I'm nervous as can be 
You're really fit , Paul . Do you exercise very much 
Well , I almost always get up very early , and I lift weights for an hour 
You're kidding 
No . And then I often go Rollerblading 
Wow ! How often do you exercise like that 
About five times a week . What about you 
Oh , I hardly ever exercise . I usually just watch TV in my free time . I guess I'm a real couch potato 
Did you see the fashion awards last night 
I sat through about half of it but they lost me after that 
Not interested 
Not really , to be honest . Some of what they call fashion looks terrible to me 
But they are showing what will be all the rage next year 
All the rage with whom ? I never see anyone wearing these designs on the street 
Did you know that fashion is cyclical 
What , it keeps coming back 
Precisely ! For example , Flares were popular for a while , then went out of fashion . Now we can start to see them coming back in again 
Flares 
They're also known as bell-bottoms . They are a type of trousers 
It's too complicated . I'll just stick to the plain clothes 
That's fine , but then you'll always look plain 
Just as the saying goes , every potter praises his own pot . You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview 
It is especially important for the graduates who step into the job market for the first time 
You'd better prepare what you are going to say in advance , in order to have a good performance in the interview 
The contents should be mainly descriptions of your background . And the length depends on the particular situation 
Only when you are aware of what the interviewer will be interested in , can you make a targeted preparation 
To sell yourself successfully , you should leave the interviewer a deep impression 
Selling yourself should go straight to the point , and the statement should be clear and brief 
It should also be truthful and realistic . Do not blindly blow your own horn 
You should particularly state your strong points which are closely related to the position you are applying for 
While you should not omit your weak points , they need to be described appropriately
Time permitted , you could add certain examples to your description 
Besides , in the interview , it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly 
Hello , can I start you off with anything to drink 
Yes , may I have some water , please 
Sure , would you like any appetizers today 
May I get an order of barbeque wings 
No problem , can I get you anything else 
No , thank you , that'll be all for now 
Okay , let me know when you're ready to order your food 
I'm ready 
Okay , what can I get you 
May I have the fettuccini Alfredo 
Will that be all 
Yes , that's it 
Can you finish your homework in ten minutes 
It will be a piece of cake 
Excuse me . I bought this shirt yesterday , but I would like to refund it 
Gave me the receipt , please 
Here is my receipt 
What's wrong with it 
It's too small for me to wear 
Would you like another bigger one 
No thanks . I want to have a refund 
OK , here is your money 
Good morning . Wilson Association 
This is Mr Brown speaking . I'd like to speak to Mr . Thomas , please 
I'm sorry , but Mr.Thomas left the office a few minutes ago 
That's bad ! I've been trying to call him for the last ten minutes , but your line has been busy . Will he be back soon 
I'm afraid not . He's gone for the rest of the day 
Is there anywhere I can reach him 
I don't believe so . He's going out of town on business . May I take a message 
I have a business appointment with him for tomorrow morning at ten o'clock , but I'm afraid I can't make it 
Would you care to make another appointment 
Unfortunately , I'm leaving town rather unexpectedly , and I may be gone for several days 
I see . I can tell Mr.Thomas that you phoned 
Thank you 
Bye-bye 
I was scared stiff of giving my first performance 
Were you ? your performance was excellent 
Thank you for your kindly words 
Have you ever sung with a karaoke 
Yes , I do it quite often 
Karaoke has become a major entertainment . I wonder why 
Simple , it's fun 
How much fun is there in singing in front of other people , especially if you don't sing well 
Ah , that's the biggest fun of all . You see , even though you're not a good singer , people will listen to you 
I wouldn't do that 
But I like the feeling 
How ’ s your little girl , Debbie 
Oh , she ’ s just fine . She ’ s so grown up now 
How old is she 
Four and a half going on twelve 
What's on TV tonight 
Nothing special 
Do you need a guide 
Yes , we are just looking for one . What's the charge per day 
It's $ 20 . If you are staying for more than 3 days in the city , the charge is $ 16 per day 
That's reasonable 
Can I help you 
Wait a minute , please 
Have you made a reservation 
No , I'd like to book a single room with one double bed 
How long will you be staying 
2 nights , how much does it cost 
A single room costs you $ 85 / day 
Does the charge include everything 
Yes 
Do you require a deposit 
No , You can pay when you check out 
Okay , so let ’ s go over everything one more time . I really want you to get this job 
I know ! It ’ s an amazing growth opportunity ! They ’ re true industry leaders , and it would be so interesting to be part of an organization that is the undisputed leader in business process platform development 
So , let ’ s see , you did your research on the company , right 
Well , I visited their website and read up on what they do . They ’ re an IT service company that offers comprehensive business solutions for large corporations . They provide services such as ARM development , and they also offer customdesigned applications 
So what would your role in the company 
Well , the position is for an account manager . That basically means that I would be the link between our and our development team 
Sounds good , and so , why do you want to work with them 
Well , as I said they ’ re the industry leaders , they have a really great growth strategy , amazing development opportunities for employees , and it seems like they have strong corporate governance . They ’ re all about helping companies grow and unleashing potential . I guess their core values and mission really resonated with me . Oh , and they offer six weeks ’ vacation , stock options and bonuses ... I ’ m totally going to cash in on that 
You idiot ! Don ’ t say that ! Do you want this job , or not 
You are late again , Maria . The teacher is about to come 
I know . I have to prepare the supper for the whole family before I leave 
Oh , Ben has been cooking for us since I started attending this evening class . The good thing is , he has made great progress in cooking 
The housework is really a big problem for me . My husband is on a business trip to the U . S . now and I have to take care of everything myself 
How about your one-year-old baby 
I've asked my parents to live with us for a while , so they can look after her for me while I am at work or in the class 
How sweet of them ! I have to work in the day time , study at night , and do housework during my spare time . I really hope I have eight arms and legs , like an octopus 
Me too . Sometimes I do want to give it up . I can't deal with so many things at a time 
When is your Adult College Entrance Exam 
It's close coming up at the end of this month . That will be no more than 15 days from now on 
Oh , my Adult College Entrance Exam is also around then . I don't know if I can pass it 
Why don't you take the CPA exam ? You are already a good accountant , having so many years of experience 
I just want to study in a college , majoring in economics . I've had this dream for a long time 
Do you want some dessert 
No thanks . We just need our check . Have you seen the waitress 
Oh , here comes our waitress with our check 
The service here has been really great , don't you think 
Yes , the service was quite good 
So , let's look at the check . The total is $ 36.00 
How much do you think we should leave for a tip 
Usually people leave 15 % , but this was exceptional service . I am thinking that maybe 20 % would be appropriate 
I agree that 20 % would be just about right 
OK , so that will bring her tip to $ 7.20 . Add it to the $ 36.00 and the total is $ 43.20 
Yes , what a nice dinner that was 
We'll have to make sure to come back here again real soon 
How do you understand the organizational structure of a company 
The organizational structure is the company's framework of communication and authority 
Is it true that just like a human skeleton that defines their shapes , companies have structures that define theirs 
Yes , you are right 
Why are you in court today 
I got a ticket , and I would like to fight it 
Is the officer that pulled you over here today 
He's here 
Tell me what happened 
The officer says that I ran a red light , but I didn't 
The officer wouldn't lie about that 
He must've , because the signal had a camera on top of it 
There was no picture taken of your license plate 
I don't believe it took my picture 
I'm just going to let you go 
I appreciate that 
This is the best dinner I've ever had 
How about the soup 
I've never tasted anything better 
How nice of you to say so 
How about doing shopping this weekend 
What're you going to buy 
Sportshoes.Will you go with me 
OK 
Could you just hold this for me 
What are you doing ? Is anything wrong 
Yes , but I've nearly fixed it . Just take it , will you 
Oh , yes , of course . I'm sorry-I wasn't thinking ..
Is your city a historical place 
Not rally . 200 years ago , it was just a small insignificant village 
How did it grow into such a large place 
Large deposits of coal were found nearly and so many industries located themselves here . The village quickly grew into a key industrial centre 
As the city grew , it must have absorbed many village nearby 
Yes , it did . The names of those village survive as the names of parts of the city 
I see . Are there any building more than 200 years old in your city 
Oh , yes . Several of the buildings from the villages still survive . Many of them were inns for travelers and today survive as pubs . There was a castle near one village , so our city has a castle too 
Really ? So your city does have some old history after all 
Are the ceremony and reception held in the same place 
No , not usually . Most people are married in a church , and then the wedding party and guests go to another place for the reception . Sometimes , however , they hold the reception in a big room in the church 
Where do they go 
Either they go to a public place such as a hotel , a restaurant , or a club , or to the home of the brid
They go to the home of the bride 
Why do you ask 
The Chinese custom is to go to the groom's home-just the opposite 
Oh ! In our country the bride's family is responsible for the entire wedding-arrangement , costs , etc . So the reception is held at her home 
That's very expensive for the family of the bride 
Many American furthers joke that they would rather hold the ladder for their daughter to climb down and elope than pay for a wedding 
Tell me something about the bridal bouquet . Isn't it the custom to throw it 
Yes . When the bride and groom are ready to leave on their honeymoon all the single girls gather in one place . The bride stands with her back to them and throws her bouquet over her shoulder and they each try to catch it . The one who does will be the next one married 
Maybe I'll be the one 
could we possibly discuss my salary some time 
sure 
first of all , I want you to know that I really like working for this company . Do you think I'm doing a good job here 
well , you are a very hard-worker 
I try very hard . The problem is , my salary just isn't enough to live on . Now that I have a wife and a child to support , we hardly have enough money for food and rent 
there are trying times for everyone . What do you propose 
I could really use a 5 % rise 
that's quite a bit . If I give you a raise , I'm going to have to give everyone a raise 
listen , if you give me a raise , I'll take on extra responsibilities 
that sounds reasonable . How about this , from now on , you can be responsible for scheduling . That means that if you can't find someone to cover a shift , then you'll have to do it 
that's fine . Do I get over-time for any extra hours that I work 
of course . It's be against the law if we didn't 
that sounds good to me . I really appreciate it 
you are welcome . Come in early tomorrow and I'll show you how to do the scheduling 
Welcome ! Sophia told us you were coming 
Um ... It's wonderful to be here . Uh ... this place looks really cozy 
Thank you ! Your cheeks are as red as a tomato ! Are you shy 
Maybe ..
Some of my grappa will cure your shyness 
Is that a kind of alcohol 
It's a clear spirit we drink any time of the day . You will love it 
Great . My face will turn even redder 
Chris , where are you going 
I'm going to the store 
Really ? I need to go to the store too 
Would you like to come with me 
Yeah , let's go together 
Would you like to go now or later 
Now 
What 
Now would be better 
OK , let's go 
Should we walk 
No , it's too far . Let's drive 
Jane ! What an enchanting skirt you have on 
Thank you ! Guess how much it costs 
Bright colors , smooth material , exquisite craftsmanship , soft lines ... Darling , it looks elegant on you ! It can't be any cheap stuff . Something around two hundred , I guess 
Your offer is way off the mark . It set me back only sixty-five 
Then you got a windfall ! Was sixty-five the original price , or did you get a special discount 
Neither . I drove a hard bargain with the vendor before I got the price down 
How much did she ask for 
Three hundred ! That's daylight robbery . How dare she play tricks on an old hand like me ? Without hesitation , I gave my offer---no more than fifty 
She must be fuming with anger at such a bid , wasn't she 
Not at all ! She's really been around , and seemed quite accustomed to bargaining like this . That's the trade . She only demanded a higher bid , saying the purchase price was even higher than seventy . She was lying ! Then I inquired , ' May I have it at sixty ? ' she waved her head 
Then you pretended to go without buying it 
Yeah . I turned around and started to move out . Just then , she yelped behind my back , ' all right , all right ! I may sacrifice a little . Let's fix it sixty-five ! Can't be cheaper . 
In the past half year , we made some schedules and objectives , do you still remember that 
Of course . I spent the whole week to know the general process for these plans . And since I was employed , I have been working on them . Madam , how am I doing ? Are you satisfied with my job 
How do you feel what you have done ? Did you meet our goals 
I suppose so . I tried my best to be familiar with all these appliances and office process . Certainly without my colleagues ' help , I could not do these things in such a short period 
Yes . And you also overworked in last month , when Steven asked for leave . I have been very satisfied with your performance . And your dependability has been a great asset 
Thanks for your praise , Madam 
Hello , Tom ! Do you have plans for this evening 
Nothing special 
How about having dinner with me 
That's great . I would love to . And when 
Let ’ s fix it at seven o'clock , OK 
No problem . However , maybe I should come early to help you prepare the dinner 
Don ’ t worry . I will arrange everything 
All right , see you tonight 
See you 
It ’ s rather cold . Isn ’ t it
Oh . Yes . It is
Shall I light the stove 
That ’ s a good idea
Well . What ’ s the climate like in your country 
It ’ s mild . but it ’ s not always pleasant 
Which season do you like best 
I like spring . The days are long and the nights are short . The flowers in blew . We go on picnics
Do you have a moment 
Sure . What do you need 
I'm having some trouble . I don't know how to use this printer . I've never seen this kind of office printer before . Is it a new brand 
Yes , we just got it and it is fabulous . Well , first you have to turn this switch on 
Silly me 
Now press this button 
Oh , it's out of paper . Do you have any more 
Just a second . I'll go get some . Then you need to send the file . Make sure you choose the right printer . We have a few here and you're hooked up to all of them 
Which one is this 
It's the Canon 
Howdy ! Nice car ! What seems to be the problem 
I don ’ t know ! This stupid old car started spewing white smoke and it just died on me . Luckily , I managed to start it up and drive it here . What do you think it is 
Not sure yet.How about you pop the hood and we can take a look . Mmmm , it doesn ’ t look good 
What do you mean ? My daddy gave me this car for my birthday last month . It ’ s brand new 
Well missy , the white smoke that you saw is steam from the radiator . You overheated your engine so now the pistons are busted and so is your transmission . You should have called us and we could have towed you over here when your car died 
Ugh ... So how long is this going to take ? An hour 
I ’ m afraid a bit more than that . We need to order the spare parts , take apart your electrical system , fuel pump and engine and then put it back together again . You are going to have to leave it here for at least two weeks 
What ! How am I supposed to get to school or go shopping ? This is not happening 
I'm checking out tomorrow . What time must I vacate the room 
Before 12 a . m 
I see . Thank you 
I haven't seen your father in like 5 years . How is he doing 
He's not doing too well 
Why ? What's wrong 
About a year ago , he started feeling weak all the time 
Is it due to old age or is he sick 
Maybe a little of both . The doctor's can't point out anything specifically . I think it is because he didn't take care of himself during his youth 
That makes sense . It's important to take care of your health early in life 
That's what my father tells me almost everyday 
Well , I hope he starts feeling better . Say hi to him for me 
Thanks . I'll let him know 
My car has broken down . Could someone come right away and check it 
Where are you now 
I am on Route 80 , a few miles east of the University of Utah 
What does your car look like 
It is a red Audi 
Where can I call a taxi 
There's a taxi rank over there , right outside the gate 
Would you like to order now 
This all looks good ! I think we know what we want 
Please let me point out the chef's special , which is blackened catfish 
I am dieting , so could the chef prepare the food with no extra sauce 
We are always happy to adjust our cooking to meet your needs 
Could you tell me if there are any entrees that are vegetarian 
The cashew broccoli noodles or the cheese and veggie enchiladas would be an excellent choice 
I am going to go with the grilled shrimp with garlic sauce . I would like the garlic sauce on the side 
Would you like your salad brought to you with your entree , or would you like it served now 
You can serve our salads with our dinner 
I ’ m moving out 
Your lease isn ’ t up yet 
I won ’ t be able to stay here anymore 
That ’ s going to be a problem 
I don ’ t know why there ’ s a problem 
It ’ s a problem because I can ’ t give you your deposit back 
Why can ’ t you give it back to me 
You ’ re breaking our contract 
I ’ m going to need my deposit back 
That ’ s not going to happen 
I can ’ t stay here , though 
That ’ s really not my problem 
How can I help you 
well , I'm looking for some summer clothes 
Oh , it is the right time for you purchasing in our clothes shop . We are now having a low price on all our summer apparel 
Really ? What's that 
Everything for summer is 20 % off 
I like this T-shirt . Would you like to help me look for any skirts that go with it 
Sure . We have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the T-shirt . Look at this section 
This one is good 
You have good taste . It is very much in style this year 
I'll take this one . How much are they 
160 yuan 
Here you are 
What a charming room ! It faces south , and there's such a lovely view of the city 
I'm glad you like it . The bell is on the bedside . Just ring if you want anything . The room attendant speaks a little English . So I don't think you'll have any trouble 
No , I shouldn't think so . By the way , is there a socket for my razor 
I think so . Here it is . It's by the basin 
Is it a two-pin socket 
Yes , it is 
Good , I ' Ve get a two-pin plug 
I wanna register for this mathematics course 
I ’ m sorry registration has closed 
Closed ? The clerk told me I could come back and register any time during the first week of classes 
Well , that ’ s not possible . The computer ’ s official student account has already been sent to the state . And that ’ s what our budget is based on . Who told you that anyway 
Some woman in here when I tried to register three weeks ago . She said I just had to pay a late fee 
She must have been a part-time worker . They didn ’ t have much training . Why didn ’ t you register then 
She said I couldn ’ t until I had my birth certificate . Here it is 
Huh , that is no reason to demand a birth certificate . We only need to establish residency , you know , a phone bill with your name and address on it would have been fine 
Serious ? Only the proof of my address 
Yes , I am afraid she gave you the wrong information 
But it ’ s unfair 
Well , I sympathize with your problem , but , to be honest , I don ’ t think there is any thing anyone can do for you . You were trapped in the system.If you want , you can talk to the director . She will help you if she can 
Great 
Don ’ t get your hopes up 
This is the White Rose Restaurant.May I help you 
Yes , I'd like to make reservation for tonight , a table for five , please 
What time , sir 
Around 8 
May I have your name please 
Frank London . Any chance of a table by the window 
We have received many bookings.But we'll try our best 
I'll appreciate it if it could be arranged 
Hello sir , how may I help you 
I would like to buy some flowers , please . Something really nice 
I see , may I ask what the occasion is 
It ’ s not really an occasion , it ’ s more like I ’ m sorry 
Very well.This arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . It has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . It includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness 
I think I ’ m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . What else do you recommend 
Mmm , well this is our I ’ m sorry I cheated on you package . Two dozen red roses lined with tulips , carnations and lilies . The fragrance and beauty of this flower arrangement is sure to make her forgive you 
I don ’ t think that ’ s gonna cut it . I need something bigger and better 
I ’ m sorry sir but , what exactly did you do 
Well , I may have accidentally insinuated that she is getting chubbier 
Get out of my store , you jerk 
What are you listening now , Fred 
What 
Hey ! Man , put your earphone out . I said which song you are listening to 
Jay Chou's title song in his new album 
What's your comment on his new album 
Gorgeous ! There is another song combining Chinese and western music styles . I am crazy for it , so I hear it over and again . And I plan to make it as the ringbone of my mobile 
Let me enjoy it 
I suppose this song can be the No . 1 on the top chart 
I cann't wait for buying his CD now 
What's your favorite magazine 
Off hand , I'd say the Reader's Digests is my favorite 
What kind of magazine is it 
It's instructive and inspiring 
Really ? It is a weekly , isn't it 
No , it's a semimonthly 
Does it enjoy popularity among the young generation 
Yes , it's so popular that it's sold out as soon as it reaches the bookstores 
Oh , I think I should try to read one 
Hey , Bob . Are you getting the feeling you've been here before 
Yes , I'm sure I've been here before 
Maybe we're walking in circles 
Yes , there's that bar we passed an hour ago 
Hey , Jack , I'd better go now 
Is your boss coming by 
Right ! And I have to finish the report by 5:30 p . m 
Okay . Get back to your work , and call me back this evening 
Okay , no problem . Bye 
Bye 
What do you plan on making as a side dish for dinner 
I was planning on making some kind of vegetable 
Do you know what kind 
What kind of vegetable do you want 
I wouldn't mind eating some corn 
How do you want it 
What do you mean 
I can boil it , grill it , or microwave it 
You should throw some corn on the grill 
Is that really what you want 
That sounds good 
I guess I can do that 
Do you have any direct flights to Toronto 
Sorry , we don't . But I think you can fly on Northwest Airlines to Berlin and then have a connecting flight on Canada Airline to Toronto . And it is the most economical flight , just 1,900 dollars 
When does the flight depart 
At 8 am . By the way , it also makes a refueling stop 
How long is the layover 
Less than one hour 
And how long do I have to stay in Berlin for the connecting flight 
Not so long , just one hour 
So the time for the total journey is about ... 
About 13 hours 
Let me count . Ok , it works out for my schedule . Thanks a lot 
You are welcome 
Did you get a nice tree 
Sure did . It's a beauty . Where do you want it 
Let's put it over there 
Let's go to work . We want to have the tree ready to light up by evening 
Let's string the lights first.Then we won't have to mess up the decorations 
Hand me some globes and paper flowers , I'll put them on these top branches 
There , ... we're about done 
Let's switch the lights on 
OK . Here goes 
Well , I guess we're all set for another merry Christmas 
Here's your drink , sir 
No , that's not right . I didn't order a coffee . I ordered a cola 
Oh , I'm terribly sorry , sir . I'll go and get you cola right away 
Waiter 
Yes , sir . I'll bring your drink right away 
It's not that . There's an animal in my soup 
Is there , sir ? I'm very sorry . I'll change it straight away 
I've never been to such a dirty restaurant , and never seen such slow service 
I'm really sorry 
Hello , the International Hotel . May I help you 
Yes , I'd like to make a reservation for eight tonight 
What time would you like your table 
At 7:30 pm . And I would like to sit in the non-smoking area 
Would you like to sit in the hall or in the private room 
The private room , please 
Wait for a moment , please . Let me check whether the private room is available or not . No problem 
It will be for business dinner . Reserve it under the name of Nova , the manager of Fashion Clothes Company 
OK . A reservation for eight at7 : 30 , Room 208 . Please don't be more than half hour late , or we will have to give it to other guests 
I hear your daughter graduated from high school as the valedictorian 
Thank you 
Where is she going to college 
She has been admitted to Yale with a scholarship 
Really ? That's the icing on the cake . Congratulation again 
Thank you 
Excuse me , How do I get to the Grand hotel 
I am sorry , I didn ’ t catch what you said . Could you repeat it please 
The Grand hotel , is it far from here 
Sorry , my English isn ’ t so good . Could you speak a little slower 
David , I ’ m going to China 
Really ? How do you get the chance 
You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ’ t have to pay for my trip 
Congratulations . How lucky you are 
Thank you . I ’ m leaving tomorrow morning 
I ’ m sure you ’ ll enjoy the trip . China is such a beautiful country 
I ’ m sure I will 
Have a nice journey , Lily 
Thank you , David 
Tom ! How are you ? We missed you at the party last night . Are you OK 
I don ’ t know . I didn ’ t really feel like going out . I guess I ’ m feeling a little homesick 
Come on.We ’ Ve been through this already ! Look , I know the adjustment was hard when you first got here , but we agreed that you were gonna try and deal with it 
I was . It ’ s just that the holidays are coming up and I won ’ t be able to home because I can ’ t afford the airfare . I ’ m just longing for some of the comforts of home , like my mom ’ s cooking and being around my family 
Yeah , it can get pretty lonely over the holidays . When I first got here , I ’ d get depressed and nostalgic for anything that reminded me of home . I almost let it get to me , but then I started going out , keeping myself busy and before I knew it , I was used to to it 
I see what you mean , but I ’ m still bummed out 
OK . how does this sound . let ’ s get you suited up and hit the dance club tonight . I hear that an awesome DJ is playing and there will be a lot of pretty single girls there 
You know , I could really go for that . You don ’ t mind being my wingman for tonight 
Not at all ! It be fun ! It will be like a boys ’ night out ... well kinda ..
Great ! I must warn you though , whatever happens , don ’ t let me go on a drinking binge . Trust me , it ’ s not a pretty picture 
Hello 
Hi . It ’ s Tony calling from the dentist ’ s office . Is Lily there 
No , Lily is not here at the moment 
Could you ask her to call me back when she gets in 
Sure . What ’ s your number , please 
519 367 8901 
Thanks . And your name is Tony , right 
Yes . I ’ m Tony . Thank you very much 
You ’ re welcome . Bye 
Bye 
Sir , your hair is done . Anything else I can do for you 
I'd like to have a shave 
All right , sir . Would you lie back so that I can shave you 
Sure . But my beard is rough 
Don't worry , sir . I've never cut a customer . Shall I trim your moustache 
Yes , please 
Now , I've finished . How do you like it 
Wonderful . How much is the cost altogether 
20 dollars 
Here you are . Thank you , bye-bye 
Bye-bye . Welcome to come next time 
Shall we buy 
It really depends on you 
But if you were me 
If I were you , I'd buy 
I used to think that Americans had so much money they didn ’ t know what to do with it 
You did 
Yes . But now I ’ Ve learned differently . Now I have a more realistic opinion 
What do you think now 
There are lots of jobs , and almost everybody works . There is a high standard of living . People earn a lot , but they spend a lot to live . So there isn ’ t so much money after all 
But I still say Americans spend a lot more money on useless things than we Chinese do 
That ’ s true . But Americans work hard for their money like we do . I don ’ t know why our spending habits are so different 
Excuse me , Is this the bus I should take to get to the Central Park 
Yes . But you have to transfer to Bus No . 28 
Where should I change for the Park 
At Tinge Depot 
But I don't know which stop is Tinge Depot 
I will remind you to get off 
Thank you 
My pleasure 
Do you mind if I ask you to practice speaking English with me 
No . Of course not . But what for 
Well , I'm meeting some American friends next weekend 
I see . But I'm busy now . How about tomorrow 
Is there a sofa in the living room 
I am afraid there isn ’ t 
That ’ s too bad . Is there a desk in the living room then 
There is a desk and two chairs 
Where are the chairs 
They are behind the door 
Are you free tomorrow , Sam 
Yeah , what's up 
I'm going to go hiking . Do you want to join me 
Excuse me . I want to pay the bill 
Please wait till your name is called . OK . Your bill includes the doctor's fee and the cost for a 3 - day supply of medicine . It comes to one hundred yuan 
Here you are 
Good . Here is the receipt . The dispensary is over there ... By the way , will this be covered by your insurance from work 
No , I'll e paying for myself , but I have private medical insurance 
In that case , I'll give you a certificate , so you can get it reimbursed 
Thanks a lot 
Don't lose this receipt , because insurance companies are very difficult about helping when they don't have the right paperwork 
Look ! Mom , that's amazing ! I can't believe the girls have so neat movements 
Yeah , they all received very strict training . A minute on the stage takes ten-year practice 
And all their movements are so elegant . It seems like dancing in the water 
Exactly , you know , water ballet puts dancing , music and swimming together 
There you go ! Daddy has told me that water ballet is also called Synchronized Swimming 
That's my boy ! Katherine Curtis created this activity in 1920 . And in 1984 , it was authorized as one activity in Olympic Games 
Wow , Mom is more knowledgeable than Dad . I must learn from you 
My little boy , you should learn more from me . I'm almost thirty years older than you 
OK , you're the boss . Look , Mom , one guy has just jumped into the swimming pool 
Oh , my God . It's so dangerous . And he might break his leg . You mustn't do anything like that 
What's the matter here 
Somebody broke into my house in the morning 
When did you find out 
About 12 o'clock , when I came home from work 
Apparently forced entry . The lock is battered to pieces 
I wonder how the burglar did it 
He is so unskillful . I have never seen such an awkward burglar 
That's because we have a strong lock 
Probably . Let's check the inside then 
Did you find anything 
Yes , the house was in a terrible mess . It was almost turned upside down by the burglar 
Oh , er ... sorry that's because we didn't have time to clean it 
You mean it is not created by the burglar 
Definitely not , sir 
May I see the manager of your office 
I'm afraid he's having an important meeting now . Can I help you 
Thank you . I am Fred , coming from Future Clothes Company . I've brought some catalogues of our new series of the summer clothes . I wonder if your manager would like to have a look at them 
Of course , he would . Would you leave them with me 
We are suppliers of the summer clothes of various styles and colors . I think you will be interested in some of our new products . We always keep the pace of the clothes fashion , so as to catch the interest of our customers 
We're thinking of ordering some special styles of summer clothes . We should be interested in your products if they are of the styles we want 
As you know , we also take orders for clothes made according to specifications 
How long would it take you to deliver the orders 
Two months at most 
Good . I'll send your catalogues to those who are interested . Meanwhile , may I have an indication of price ? Can I have your price-sheet 
Yes , of course , here you are . The prices are subject to our confirmation 
Could you please cover for me two hours this morning 
Sure . Any specific reason I should know about in case people ask where you are 
I have to see the dentist . We have an appointment for this morning from 9 to 11 o ’ clock . So if there is any phone call , please pick up for me . If there is something urgent , tell them I will be back in two hours 
No problem . Good luck 
Yes , I will need it . Thanks 
Hi , Sven , can you help me ? Could you hold the end of the tape measure , please 
Of course , where do you want me to stand 
Just there by the door . I need to measure the length of this workbench . We're going to replace it . OK - 3 m 47 cm . Let's round it up to 3 m 50 
I'm glad you're replacing it . We need more space to work on things . How deep will the new workbench be 
Tell me what size you want and I'll order the wood 
Well , it's about 65 cm at the moment . Could we increase it by about a third 
Sure . So let's see . We need a piece of wood 3.5 m long by 1 m wide . I'll order it right away and I'll be able to install it next Tuesday 
I've read your report , and I'm not sure I agree with you.You think you can get attendance improved by requiring salaried employees to take their all of their sick days 
That's right . I know it must sound crazy to you , but we believe there will be fewer absences this way 
We give them 10 or 15 sick days per year . Surely requiring people to take them couldn't possibly help . It sounds like a counter - productive policy change to me 
Right now , we have incentives encouraging employees to come to work as often as possible.But employees with colds and the flu are coming to work and infecting their colleagues 
I see . So our current policies are encouraging sick people to come to work , resulting in more sick employees 
That's right . If sick days were mandatory , sick people would stay home . We wouldn't have these company-wide epidemics 
Let's give it a shot 
Have some more tea , George 
No , thanks . I've really got to go now 
Have a nice day 
You , too 
Ahhs ! I'm beat 
What happened to you ? You look like you got hit by a tornado 
I just got back from fighting the crowds 
You mean at the mall ? Was there a sale 
Yeah . For five minutes , everything was half off . It was total chaos ..
Cool 
Grabbing , pushing and shoving ..
Do you want a cigarette 
No , thank you . I've given up , you know 
You don't mind if I have one 
Well , all tight . But you know , smoking does do harm to your health 
Yes , you are right 
Why don't you try and give it up 
I've tried to give up smoking several times , but it's no use 
Walter , did you email that document to Mr . Lin yesterday 
Yes , I did , Ms . Chen 
That's strange . I have Mr . Lin on the phone right now , and he says that he didn't receive any email from us yesterday . Are you sure you sent it 
I'm positive , Ms . Chen 
All the food smells tasty today and makes my mouth water 
Let's line up here . This line seems a little shorter 
What's on the menu today 
Fish , beef , pork , chicken , vegetables and beancurd . For staple food we have rice , steamed bread , stuffed buns and noodles 
Oh , we're lucky today , aren't we 
I'd rather take stewed cabbage with beef 
I think I'll take fried fish , because fish is one of my favorites 
That's good , we can share what we have . Here we are . You go ahead 
( They get everything ready ) Here is a free table . Let's sit down . Help yourself to some fish please . Isn't it delicious and appetizing 
I'm sorry I don't like it's a little too salty 
I see . You people from south prefer sweet , don't you 
Yes , I like the fish cooked in sweet and sour sauce best . Try some beef , please 
Thank you . I'm through with one steamed bread and I'd like a second helping 
Your appetite is good 
I'm always feeling hungry 
Mr . Thomas is making a long-distance call . Please wait for a few minutes 
Would you like some coffee or tea 
Coffee would be fine 
How would you like your coffee 
I like it black 
Coffee will be right with you 
Are there other chores for us to do 
We also have to vacuum the house 
You used to do this by yourself 
You'd better believe it 
I'll do the second floor and you do the first floor 
No . You're going to do the entire house 
What about you 
I'm going to mow the lawn 
Did you remember to bring back that software I lent to you 
Oh , I ’ m sorry . It completely slipped my mind 
That ’ s ok . If you could just bring it in tomorrow , I would appreciate it 
Definitely , I ’ m really sorry 
Good morning . Ru Via Hotel , Room Reservation . Can I help you 
Yes . This is Peter calling from New York , I have to change the date of reservation 
How and in whose name has the reservation been made 
By telephone and in my name 
Please wait a moment . I'll check it in the computer . Thanks for your waiting . You've booked 10 standard rooms for trade negotiation for March 5th , 6th and 7th , is it correct 
Right , but the negotiation has been postponed until 5th to 7th of April . Do you think it's possible for us to change the reservation 
Let me check the reservation list . Fortunately , we have just 10 standard rooms available for the three days 
My granny is such a kind-hearted person . She is willing to help 
She does have a heart of gold 
You can say that again 
I feel dizzy and I have a headache 
How long have you been sick 
Since yesterday 
Is there anything I can do for you 
Excuse me , can I change my order ? I am afraid I don't have so much time to enjoy my dinner 
I am sorry , sir . Your fish will be ready in five minutes so you can't change it 
That's all right 
Excuse me , could you help me 
Yes , what seems to be the problem 
Well . I was wondering if anyone has turned in a passport 
I am afraid not . Have you lost your passport 
I think so . I can't find it anywhere in my hotel room and I remember the last place I used it yesterday was in this department store 
Where exactly did you use your passport in the store 
In the shoe department . I had to show it to pay for these shoes with my traveler's cheques 
Well , let me call the shoe department to see if they ’ Ve found a passport . Sorry , your passport hasn't turned up there either 
Then what shall I do 
You can fill in this lost property report and I will keep my eye out for it . These kinds of things usually turn up eventually , but I suggest you contact your embassy and tell them about your situation , so they can issue you a new passport in case it doesn't show up 
You are right . Do you have a pen 
Here you are 
Oh , I seem to lose something every time I travel 
Beautiful day , isn't it 
Yes , it's not like what the radio said at all 
I wish it would stay this way for the weekend 
As long as it doesn't snow 
She is so stupid 
Who cares ? She is pretty 
So what 
You're just jealous 
I hate landing in the sand trap ! Now I'm probably going to waste strokes getting it out 
At least you haven't landed in the water yet . I've done that on the last two holes 
Could you hand me my wedge ? I'll try ..
Here you go . I'll wait for you to get on the green before I putt 
No . you go ahead and putt it out . Then I'Il go 
No way , Mary . I'm going to let you go first . I don't want the pressure of putting first 
How will you spend this lovely weekend 
I have no idea , any suggestions 
We haven't played chess for a long time . How about playing chess 
It must be fun . But you know , I am not good at chess . I never won since I've learnt to play chess 
Don ’ t worry , I will teach you how to win 
OK , settled then 
See you tomorrow 
See you 
Hi , is that Jessica 
Yes . What can I do for you 
I want to inform you of the interview 
What ? I can barely hear you because your veiled voice 
I said I am informing you of the interview 
What salary are you expecting 
What range of salary do you have for this position 
It can be anywhere between 100,000 to 200,000 a year depending on experience and qualifications 
It sounds amazing to me 
Susan , Did you know the four ugliest women in ancient China 
No , I only know four great beauties of China 
There were some famous ugly women in history 
Yeah ? Were they famous because of the ugliness 
Though they were ugly , they had great virtue 
Then who were they 
Mo Mu , Thong Lichen , Meng Gang and Ran Nv . They were well respected 
It seems that the inner beauty is also important 
Sometimes the inner beauty is more beautiful 
Daddy , what's next ? What else do we do now 
There is a man-made fishing pond nearby . So , What do you think of going fishing there 
Great . Let's go . Where is it 
Patience , boy . A watched pot never boils . We shall get out fishing stuff first and make some baits , too 
We have many cookies left here . Can we use them as baits 
I don't think fish would like them . Instead , they love earth worms 
So let's go and catch earth worms 
OK . I think that's enough for today . Let's go 
Daddy , do you think we're gonna catch any fish today ? We've been fishing here for more than two hours , and we get nothing 
That's because you're talking to me all the time . Be patient , or there will be no chance to have sashimi for dinner today 
I love sashimi . Did mom bring any soy sauce for that 
I suppose she did . Be quiet . There is a fish on the hook . Here it is . Look , a big one 
Cool . Hey , I've got an idea . Why don't we cook it separately ? Half for sashimi , and the other half for grill 
Great idea . But the fact is we have no barbecue with us . Moreover , the sashimi will be great . So why do we bother to waste time on barbecuing the fish 
Well , all right . There is nothing to complain about 
Let's go see pandas ! The news said that two pandas arrived at the zoo last week 
Great ! I would like to see cute pandas , too 
How can we get there 
We can take the MET and get off at the Zoo Station 
OK ! Let's go 
( At the zoo ) Wow ! This zoo is really huge 
Yes , you can find hundreds of various animals here . It is the biggest zoo in Taiwan 
Look at the map . It has different areas , such as marine lives , mammals , polar animals and insects 
Where can find the pandas ? I think we are here to see the pandas 
We have to go to the mammal area . We are at the gate right now . We need to go straight from here and turn left and go along to the end and make anotherleft turn 
It should take at least 20 minutes to get there . Are there any shuttle buses running place to place around the whole zoo 
Well , if you have no further questions , then we have done 
Thank you , Mr . Owens , for taking time out of your busy schedule to interview me 
You ’ re welcome . I appreciate your coming 
When can I contact you about your final decision 
We need to consider several other applicants and we hope to make a decision by the end of this month . We will call you regardless of whether you are hired or not 
Thanks a lot ! I will look forward to the good news . Please call me at this number between nine and eleven in the morning 
Well , I really appreciate your coming today 
The pleasure is mine . It ’ s nice talking with you . Good-bye , Mr . Owens 
Good-bye 
Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes come to see focus properly 
When did you last time have your eyes checked 
Two years ago . At that time I had no problems . Now I can ’ t even make out something ten meters away 
Come over here . I will test your eyes . First cover your left eye like this , and when I point , please read the chart from the top , and go as far as you can telling me which way the “ E ” points 
All right 
Good . Now the other eye 
Well , this one is worse 
Never mind , just read as far as you can 
I can only read the first three lines 
Hello , Madam . What can we do for you today 
Hi . I've been sent over from Turner Interiors . They said I need to collect some sort of L / C ? Do you have it 
I certainly do . Here it is , an Export L / C from Tokyo 
It should be from Sayuri Beds . Is that right 
Yes , it is . Sayuri Beds , Tokyo , Japan 
That's what I want ! Do you need me to sign anything ? Or fill in some forms 
Just sign right here , please . That's everything you need to do 
Perfect . Thank you , goodbye 
I want to try something different today 
What do you mean 
I want a different hair style 
What style do you want 
Can you make my hair short 
Exactly how short do you want it 
Make it a few inches long 
Are you sure you want me to cut it that short 
I've been thinking about this for a while now 
Okay . I'll do it if you're positive that this is what you want 
I honestly want my hair that short 
All right , then let's begin 
Hi Mark 
Oh , hi Stacy 
How was your summer vacation 
I worked over the summer at a restaurant . Have to make tuition money , right ? What did you do 
I took summer school . I withdrew from two of my classes last year so I wanted to make them up 
So are you officially a junior now 
Yeah . And I have 5 credits to spare . I only needed to take 10 credits over the summer , but I took 15 because the price was the same 
That makes sense . So where is Nicole 
She dropped out of school completely 
Really ? Why 
She worked at a startup company as an intern and since the business did well , they asked her if she wanted to work full time 
Wow . She's so lucky . She doesn't have a degree and she already has a job 
It sounds good now , but I'm traditional . I want the degree , so I wouldn't have accepted the offer 
Do you know how much they are paying her 
I don't know . But I bet it must have been a good offer , or she wouldn't have accepted it 
And anything to drink 
Yes , a red wine and a cup of coffee 
How do you like your coffee 
With milk but without sugar , please 
Then how about the wine ? Is white wine OK 
Yes , please 
Waiter , the dish is cold to eat . Could you please heat it up for me 
Sure . Wait a moment 
By the way , I would like some chilli oil 
OK 
Are you still on your summer vacation 
Yes 
When will school start 
It'll start on lst September 
Hello , may I speak with the property manager , please 
Hello , this is the property manager . How may I help you 
During that horrible rainstorm last night , my roof began to leak 
What room was the leak in 
It was in our bedroom 
Are you on the top floor , or is there another apartment above you 
We are on the top floor 
I will be sending someone out as soon as I can get hold of the roofer . Will you be home this morning 
Yes , we will be in 
Fine . If you do end up going somewhere , we can just use our pass key 
May I know how long will it take to get some more in from the factory 
About 3 weeks 
When will you be able to deliver 
By the end of this month , at the latest 
How big is this parking lot in our community 
It has fifty parking spaces 
So you guys should be always busy 
Why 
I bet it is always full of cars 
Quite the contrary , sir . Plenty of the spaces here are free when people drive their cars out to work 
Ah ... I see 
We plan to rent some of them out at the hourly rates 
What is the hourly rate for a car like this 
I am not sure . But it'll be at least ten yuan an hour 
How mush would it cost if someone parks here for one hour and ten minutes 
That would be twenty yuan , sir . We charge only by the number of hours , no split of each hour 
That's expensive 
Does your child still believe in Santa Claus 
Yes . She believes everything about him 
How sweet 
Yes . If she doesn't believe it , Christmas won't be so exciting to her 
When are you going to tell her that Santa Claus doesn't exist 
I'm not going to tell her . She will find out and understand when she grows older 
May I help you 
Yes , do you have sweaters 
This way , please . How do you like this one ? It's made of cotton 
You have quite a range , haven't you ? I would like to see some other styles 
Yes , ma'am , how could I help you 
I am wondering if you do facial care 
Yes , we do 
How much would it be 
From 200 to 800 
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me . Could you recommend something around 300 
No problem 
What are you doing this Saturday 
Not much 
Do you want to go see a movie 
That sounds good 
What's playing at the Century Fox 
Candlelight in the Window
Should we go see it 
I'd rather not . I don't like horror movies 
How about ‘ Run of the Mill ? 
No . I heard that's really boring 
Why don't we go to a concert instead 
Great idea 
Do you have anything in particular that you would like our firm to take into account 
Yes , my house is far away from here . May I ask for an apartment 
No problem . We will offer you a room with one bedroom and a kitchen .
That's great . Thank you so much 
Hello , there . What can we do for you today 
I received some leaflets in the post from you , one of them talked about a new service you have where you can transfer money between this bank and securities companies . Is that right 
Yes , that's right . We have just introduced the program , but it's very popular already 
I also read that if the customer is a stock investor , which I am , it's possible to get additional benefits 
Right again . We can provide a tailored consultation service for you , giving you the latest quotes from the Stock Exchange and help you to plan what exactly you do with your investments 
What if I don't want to come in to the branch , can I use the consultation service over the phone 
Certainly , Sir . Via phone or Internet , any time , any place 
Mr Hughes ? Do you have a minute ? I would like to discuss something with you 
What can I do for you 
I was wondering , I have heard many of my co-wokers that your knowledge and experience in international markets is phenomenal . Also , I ’ Ve heard the rumor that you speak fluent Japanese . Is that right 
Yes , that ’ s right . I do speak decent Japanese 
Right now I ’ m working on a product launch project to open up our Asian market . We have several upcoming events to take place for the Japanese cities . We ’ ll be heading to Tokyo next month to get things started . What I would like to talk to you about is joining our team to help bring this project to completion 
Exactly what kind of help did you have in mind 
We aer looking for someone who is familiar with the market and cultural issues to act as an advisor to our marketing staff . We would like to set up a partnership , where we can help each other 
So if I can help you as a consultant , what is in for me 
We could give you an uncite office , as well as potential to develop your own contracts in Japan.At the same time , after helping with our project , we will be willing to split our profit with you 
Do you really think we can beat WebTracker 
Of course 
How can you be so sure ? Do you know something I don't 
I have a plan for handling WebTracker . Step one is the Stars.com contract 
What's step two 
Don't worry about that , Dave . Look , I have to see Vince now . Think about what I said 
Hello , Mr.Benson , welcome to Beijing ! Is this your first time to visit china 
Oh , no , I'v already made several trips to Guangzhou , this is my first trip to Beijing though.It is a lot larger than I expected it would be 
Yes , Beijing has been grown over the last few years , there are a lot of improvements and changes being made for the Olympics . What would you like to see changing be made for Olympic , what would you like to see when are you here 
I hope to have time to visit great wall when I am here , I always want to go there , I think it would be a real shame by came all the way in Beijing and didn't make out the wall , do you think I have a chance to see it 
I can pretty sure it can be arranged , the wall is a short distance from the city , but we could make arrangements for driver to take us out to visit the great wall during when our afternoon breaks , I also recommend you to visit Tian'an Men Square and city while you add it 
Yes , that would be nice , would I have a tour guide to tour completely visit these places 
Don't worry , I would be able to go along with you , over the next few days , if you have any questions or problems , I will be right here to help you out , I can be a translator and tour guide 
Thank you very much 
My pleasure , I hope your visit to Beijing is very enjoyable 
Room service . Can I help you 
This is room 1019 . I would like to order breakfast 
What would you like , sir 
One orange juice , scrambled eggs with bacon , toast and coffee 
It will take about 20 minutes , sir . Is that all right 
Yes , it is . Oh , by the way , could you also bring me today's paper 
Of course , sir 
Can you speak Japanese 
Yes , I can , but not very well 
Where did you learn it 
At school . And I'm still learning it now 
How long have you been learning it 
About three years 
Can you speak any other languages 
I'm afraid not 
I would like to open an account today 
What kind 
I want to open a checking account 
You need to keep a minimum balance 
How much is it 
You need at least $ 100 in your account 
Is that all 
Yes . That ’ s the minimum 
What happens if I don ’ t meet that requirement 
You will get a fine 
How much 
It ’ s going to be $ 25 
Susan , I haven't seen you in the pub for a long time 
I have a part-time job now , so I work in the evenings 
That explains it 
Excuse me , but can you tell me the way to the railway station 
Just go straight along this street , turn left at the first crossing and walk straight ahead about 100 meters . You can ’ t miss it 
About how long will it take me to get there 
It ’ s about 20 minutes ’ walk , I think 
I see . Is there a bus I can take 
Yes , you can take the No . 5 bus over there . Get off at the next stop 
Thank you so much for your help 
It ’ s my pleasure 
Can I make preservation now 
Sure . At what time 
9:45 , please . We want a table next to the window 
I am sorry , sir . We are booked until 9:10 
In that case , please help us reserve a table for 4 at 9:00 
Okay , here's the lease . Read it over before you sign it . As you can see , the deposit is $ 300 
Oh , okay . I can get it back when I move out , right 
Yes , assuming there's been no damage to the apartment . Before you move in , you can make a list of any marks , scratches , and so forth that are already there 
All right . Here's the lease and the check for the deposit 
Great . You can move in next Monday . Your first month's rent is due then 
Whew ! I had to wait for almost an hour to get to the front of the line 
You have much patience 
Wow ! Your calligraphy is very beautiful . It was worth the wait 
Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet 
What does it say 
This is an especially famous one . It says " May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season of renewal find you basked in riches . 
That's very nice . Is it for sale 
No . I never sell my artwork 
Really ? Then what do you do with it 
I give it away . Here , this one is for you 
Wow ! Really ? Are you sure ? Now I'll have a lucky year 
Remember , real luck must be created ( by ) yourself , and then it cannot be given or taken away ..
Linda , this is Todd calling 
Todd , I am so happy you called 
Linda , I wanted to tell you how much I enjoyed our time together last Friday night 
Boy , Todd , that was one great movie you picked out ! Thanks for asking me to go with you 
I had a great time too and was thinking that maybe you might want to join me for a hike to the waterfalls on Saturday 
A hike would be great ! Let me pack us a nice picnic lunch , OK 
Linda , that would be a perfect addition 
I'll take care of the lunch then , and you can take care of the other plans . What time would you like to pick me up 
I was hoping to leave by 9 o'clock so that it won \ ' t be too hot for the hike 
Nine is a great time to get started . I'll see you on Saturday 
Hi , can I help you 
Yes . We have a reservation 
What's your name , Sir 
Jack 
Yes Sir . We have your reservation . Could you fill up these forms , please 
The reservation was for a double , for three nights . Wasn't it 
Yes , Sir . That's correct 
Would you like to order now 
Yes . I'll have the shrimp cocktail to start 
What would you like for your main course 
I'll have a steak , medium rare 
Good morning . I'd like to check out right now 
May I have your room number 。 Sir 
Room 103 
Just a minute , Sir.Are you Mr Wang from China 
Yes.Wang Bin 
Mr Wang , did you sign any bill in the last two hours in our hotel 
No 
Have you used any hotel services this morning 
No , I have not 
Here is your bill.It totals 3250 dollars 
All right . Can I pay with credit cards 
What kind of card 
American Express 
Yes , we do . Here is your bill and receipt 
You look very professional in the suit 
The company regulates that men should wear a suit and tie in business meeting . Company policy is not negotiable 
I appreciate it . It is related to company image 
hello , this is the International Student Office . My name is Leah . How may I help you 
I'd like to speak to the Ms . Collins , please 
ok . Can I ask who is calling , please 
this is Nathaniel Brown 
and what is your call regarding 
I'd like to talk to her about my accommodation situation 
ok , I'll try and put you through . Please hold 
ok 
... sorry , her line is busy at the moment . Can I take a message 
sure . Can you have her call me back on my cell phone number 
ok . What's your number 
it's 0-7- 7-8- 7-3- 6-7- 6-8- 8 
let me repeat that back to you . That's zero , double seven , eight , seven , three , six , seven , double six , double eight 
no , there's no double six at the of the number . It's just zero , double seven , eight , seven , three , six , seven , six , double eight 
I got it . When should I have her call you back 
anytime before 6 pm tonight 
ok , Nathaniel . I'll have Ms . Collins call you back sometime tonight before 6 pm 
thank you 
bye 
bye 
People of different races are fit for quite different sports . For instance , Asians are especially good fattable tennis , badminton , diving and shooting . They seem to have been born with certain natural endowments in technical sports , in which flexibility , agility and quick reflexes are favorable 
And a typical example has been the Chinese athletes at the Beijing Olympics , right 
Yes , in all these four sports . the Chinese Olympic dream teams led the way . They swept the floor against their opponents in table tennis and diving 
Then what are the Westerners fit for 
I think they are in a better position in those sports that demand a high degree of intensity , speed and explosive force like swimming , field games , etc 
Where do you think the edge is for black athletes 
It's common sense that African athletes always make a clean sweep in track events , middle or long distance races , relays , hurdles , barriers , and marathon 
I got you . Their competitive edge lies mainly in endurance and stamina . They are creatures from the savannah , and take to running like antelopes 
I need your help 
Oh , what's up 
I locked myself out . What do you suggest I do 
Well , the best thing to do is to go down to the front desk and ask for a duplicate key 
I see that there are Olympic mascots in your car 
Yes . I am very interested in the Olympic Games , and I'm especially excited about 2008 Beijing Olympics 
Me , too . I want to be a volunteer for 2008 Beijing Olympics 
That's cool . Care for a little quiz on that 
No problem . I'm an ' Olympic expert ' 
Wow , you've talked the talk . Now it's time to walk the walk . Here we go . First , can you tell me something about the ancient Olympics 
The ancient Olympics originated in ancient Greece 
Good . Why do people name it Olympics 
They name it after the place where it was first held 
Who started the modern Olympics 
This question is a piece of cake . A Frenchman named Baron de Coubertin 
What did people call him 
Of course he was called ' the father of the Olympics ' 
What did he do for restoring the Olympics 
He once made a speech on the ‘ Renaissance of the Olympics ' 
Well , that's for all . Excellent 
I've told you I'm an expert 
Come on in . Make yourself at home 
Thanks a lot 
Good morning , sir.Can I help you 
Yes , I'd like to see the manager.Here ' s my card 
Thank you , Mr.Wang.Do you have an appointment 
No , I'm afraid I don't . Is it possible for me to see him now 
I'm afraid Mr.Li is engaged at the moment . Would you mind waiting 
Well , how long will it be 
About half an hour 
That's too bad . I can't wait that long . I have another appointment at ten 
Can the Assistant Manager meet you instead 
No , I have discussed the details about sales of our new equipment with the manager on the telephone yesterday 
Do you want to make another appointment 
Yes , I suppose that's the best thing I can do for now . I'll be here on Thursday morning at 10 o'clock . Is that all right 
Yes , I'll make a note of that and ask Mr.Li to confirm 
We have waited for a long time . When will we start 
Take it easy . I have to cut my losses 
Do you think I could use your car tomorrow ? I ’ Ve got a date with this girl , see ? And ..
I see . Well , now you can have it as long as you bring it back by nine thirty 
Nine thirty ? That ’ s no good . Couldn ’ t I have it a bit longer ? Even if I fill up the tank 
I ’ m afraid not , Nick . That ’ s the best I can do 
You don't look very well 
I'm not feeling too well . I've caught a cold 
Is it because of the bad weather ? It's been really miserable for the past tew days 
Hasn't it ! It's been cold and windy recently.Do you like the weather here 
Not really , but I've got used to it now 
Oh , I'm going for a trip to New York this autumn . What's the weather like in New York 
Not quite good . It's windy and dry . We have got continental climate there . It's dry all the year round . Usually autumn is the best season of the year In New York 
Is it cold in autumn there ? Should I take any warm clothes with me 
No , it isn't very cold at that time . You'll only need some light wool clothing with somejackets and shirts 
We are here 
OK . How much is the fare 
The total is 45 yuan 
45 yuan ? It is too much , Are you sure 
It is 45 yuan on the meter 
Is there something wrong with your meter 
No . I am sure about that 
OK . Could you give me a receipt 
Yes . This is your receipt 
Good morning , sir . What can I do for you 
I want to check in 
Have you made a reservation 
No , I want a double room . By the way , is there any discount for children 
Yes , children are half price 
Ok , please have me arrange one 
Have you ever seen coco 
I've seen her on TV but not in the flesh 
I'm so familiar with her songs , but I don't know what kind of person she is in real life 
Can I have a look at that digital camera please 
Yes of course . This is a really good one actually 
How much does it cost 
This one is 1500 yuan 
It looks pretty good . I think I'll take it 
Would you like anything else 
That's all thank you 
How much are these in all 
It comes to $ 40 
Here is my member card . Can I have someone carry those bags to my car 
Of course . I will find you one 
Hi , Carlos . What are you doing this afternoon 
Working . Why 
Well . I was just wondering if you would come by and give me a hand with the fliers for next week ’ s party 
I ’ m sorry , Melissa . I really can ’ t today . I ’ Ve just got too much going on . Maybe tomorrow 
We're considering of ordering 200 computers , but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer 
Our price will be not less than $ 5000 
Your price is higher than I expected . Could you give us a little discount 
This is already our best price 
But the price is always negotiable and you should consider our quantity of order 
Well , what would you suggest 
Could you make it $ 4500 
I'm afraid that there is no room to negotiate the price . This is the best price we can quote 
Can we meet each other half way 
What do you mean 
Let's close the deal at $ 4800 , OK 
You drive a hard bargain ! OK , that's a deal 
Valerie ! Hi ! Wow how are you ? It ’ s been such a long time 
Darlene ! Indeed , it ’ s been a while ! How have you been ? Wow , you look amazing ! I love what you ’ Ve done with your hair 
Really ? Thanks ! I went to that hair salon that you told me about , but enough about me ! Look at you ! You haven ’ t aged a day since the last time I saw you ! What is your secret 
Ha ha , come on ! Well , I ’ Ve been watching what I eat , and working out three times a week . By the way , I heard your son recently graduated 
Yes , my little Paul is finally a doctor . They grow up so fast you know 
He is such a handsome guy . He gets his looks from his mother of course 
Thank you ! What about your daughter , Pamela ? I heard she has passed the bar exam and married recently 
Oh yes . She had a beautiful wedding in Cozumel Mexico and we all attended 
Such a lovely girl . I hope my Paul is lucky enough to find a girl like that someday 
But of course ! Well , it ’ s been great talking to you , but I have to get going 
Same here ! We will catch up soon , maybe over coffee 
That would be great ! Give me a call 
See you soon ! Bye ! Egg ... I can ’ t stand that woman or her obnoxious daughter 
Wow , that terrible movie is finally over . Next time I ’ m picking the film , because I don ’ t want to end up seeing a chick flick 
Well you should have picked , in the end you always complain about everything 
Not everything , just this film . Even the title is ridiculous , and it ’ s so long , those are the two and a half most wasted hours of my life , so much so that I ’ m thinking about asking them to give me my money back 
I ’ m thinking of taking you back home . I thought we could have a nice evening , but you ’ re always so negative 
I ’ m only complaining about a movie that I could have rented or bought and then thrown in the garbage 
You see , that ’ s what I ’ m talking about , I can ’ t stand your sarcastic jokes anymore 
Next time , go with your gay friend who is more in touch with his feelings 
Well he ’ s more of a man than you are ; at least he appreciates love stories 
Love stories ? More like one-night-stands 
Don ’ t criticize Mario or else I ’ ll start on those fat , drunk friends of yours , they ’ re no saints 
My friends ? Fat ? What about those whales you call friends 
You ’ re unbearable , you can walk home , I ’ m leaving 
OK class , so today we are going to continue with our anatomy class , today we will review everything we have learned . Can anyone tell me what the first major organ is 
The brain 
That's right , the brain ! It serves as a control center for the body , handling the processes of the central nervous system as well as cognition . Then what major organ is in our chest 
The heart 
Very good ! It pumps blood throughout the body , using the circulatory system such as blood vessels and veins . Now let's not forget that our lungs provide oxygen to our heart and body to keep us alive ! Now what about the organs that help us digest food 
The stomach and intestines 
Very good ! Let's not forget that the stomach is the one that breaks down our food and our intestines process that food and then expel the waste . Are we forgetting anything 
Yeah ! Our kidneys , liver and bladder 
Oh yes , you are right . Very important organs indeed 
So what do these organs do , teacher 
Well , mumm , they ... Time for a break ! We can talk about it when you get back 
I am unsure how to add a class and need help 
I have an opening . Do you have an add sheet for me to sign 
Yes , I have an add sheet 
After I sign it , you must take it to the Admissions and Records Office to add the class . Do you know where that is 
No , I'm not sure 
When you cross the quad , the office is right in front of you . Go inside and follow the signs to the correct line 
Thanks . I understand what to do now 
It should be easy to find . After you add the class , check with me in a few weeks to make sure that you are on my roll sheet 
That sounds good 
Good , just make sure that you do the same thing if you ever need to drop a class . Good luck 
Excuse me 
Yeah 
I've never used this place before.Can you give me some idea what I need to do 
You just put quarters in the machines.It ' s easy 
Yes , but ... well ..
What 
How do I use the machines 
What do you mean ? These are the washing machines . Those big things over there are the dryers 
I see . Do the machines have soap in them 
No , of course not . You have to put soap in . Did you bring your soap 
No . I don't have soap 
Well , you can buy some from that vending machine over there 
Thanks.Okay . I have my soap 
My God ! You really bought a lot . Why do you need so much 
I don't know . I want my clothes to be clean 
But you can't use so much.The machine won't be able to rinse the soap out 
Oh . I guess I didn't know . I have never washed clothes before 
What ? Did you say you never washed clothes before 
Yes 
In your life ? Are you kidding ? Never 
No . Never 
I can't believe it . How can that be ? How old are you 
I'm nineteen 
But how can you live nineteen years without ever washing clothes 
My mother always did it 
Yes , my mother washed my clothes too.But when I was twelve , I started to wash clothes myself 
I know about this fact.American children are more independent . They do more for themselves.But I am from Taiwan . In Taiwan , children must study very hard.So the mother does everything for the kids.The mother wants her kids to get very good grades at school.So I've never washed clothes before . You shouldn't laugh at me for it 
I'm not laughing at you . But let me ask you something 
What 
How are you going to survive here ? I mean , if you can't do anything for yourself.If you can't cook , if you can't wash clothes , if you can't clean house.How can you live on your own 
I don't know . It's hard . But I have to learn 
Well , I'll help you learn how to use these machines 
Thanks . My name's Nick 
I'm Alice . I guess I'll have to be your mother for today 
Thanks , Mom . Thanks 
Who's your favorite film star 
Tom Hanks is always my favorite film star 
What films feature him 
Many 
Do you have a double room for tonight 
With an ocean view 
Without is fine 
A double room without a view for just one night 
That's right 
Yes , we do 
By the way , what's the rate for a single room 
You seem to like her very much , don't you 
I can't deny that . She is so beautiful that I fell in love with her at the first sight . I wish I knew more about her 
But I heard that she had a three-year-old girl 
I can not belive that . It must be cooked up by someone 
Have you had any publications 
Yes . I have published some articles in China Daily and Economist 
How about your communication skills 
As a journalist , I have strong communication skills . I am good at both discourse management and strategic competence 
Tell me something about yourself and your past 
I was born and grew up in hebes Province . I moved to Beijing , where I started taking courses for my MBA . When I completed my degree , I was offered an opportunity working for a financial services company . I've worked there for eight years 
What was the most significant project you've worked on 
I was assigned a project to design a 360 - degree performance system . It was a challenge for a person with a finance background . I met with the technical people and discussed the possibilities and obstacles . Based on that information , I selected a team and created a spreadsheet to manage the project . We got the project done on schedule . I was rewarded for outstanding results and was able to share the honors with the team 
What finance experience makes you qualified for this position 
For the past eight years , I have been working in the banking industry . I have a solid understanding of accounting concepts , an analytical mind and a strong attention to detail . I've had a lot of customer service training and experience , and I have been told that I excel in this area 
How would your coworkers evaluate you 
They'd say I was a handworker and a real team player 
What are your salary expectations 
I really need more information about the job before we start to discuss salary . I'd like to postpone that decision until later 
Can you speak English 
Yes I can . I speak it very well 
Where did you learn it 
I lived in England when I was a child 
What else can you speak 
Well , I know a little Italian 
Hey , don ’ t walk on the lawn 
Sorry , I ’ m looking for my wallet 
You lost your wallet ? Anything important in it 
Yes . A lot of cash . Almost forty thousand pounds 
Oh , I ’ m sorry to hear that . I think you ’ d better talk to the police officer walking there 
It seems that is a better way . Thank you 
You are welcome 
Hi , Sandra . how was your weekend 
Great ! I went hiking in the mountains on Saturday 
Fantastic ! how was that 
Really good ! you should try it sometime 
I might . what did you do yesterday 
Uh , nothing much , just went to bed early . I was still tired from Saturday 
Does it bother you that your husband goes away on long business trips 
No.The time we have spent apart has been good for us.Absence makes the heart grow fonder 
Have you begun cleaning up that room of yours 
I haven't started yet , but I will 
What time are you going to clean it up 
I'm planning on cleaning it up a little later 
I told you to clean it up earlier 
I know . I am still going to clean it up 
Make sure you vacuum and dust your room 
I won't forget 
I don't want you to leave until you clean up 
My plans aren't until later , so I'll clean it before I go 
Can I help you 
Yes , I need some traveler's checks 
How much do you need 
Three thousand US dollars 
All right , can I have your passbook 
Yes , here you go 
What amounts do you want the checks in 
It's all the same to me 
Here you are 
Thanks 
How may I help you 
I want to return this video 
Is that all you need 
I also need to check this magazine out 
You ’ re not allowed to do that 
I don ’ t understand 
It ’ s our policy 
What can I check out 
Only books or videos 
I need this magazine 
You will have to read it here 
That ’ s weird 
How much for the bus ride 
It's $ 1.25 for this bus 
How long have you been a bus driver 
I started driving the bus a few months ago 
Is it fun driving the bus 
Not at all 
I don't think I ever wanted to be a bus driver 
I never did either , but it pays the bills 
I enjoyed talking to you 
I liked talking to you too 
What do you think of AC milan and the team of Argentine 
They aren't evenly matched 
Yes , I think AC Milan's foot work is much better on the whole 
Yet the Argentine attacker is worth a bet 
Well , I must be off now . I have an appointment at six 
In that case , I won ’ t keep you any longer . Drop in anytime 
Ok , Goodbye 
See you later 
I ’ m tired , Larry . Can we have a break 
What ? You ’ re tired ? But we just started about twenty minutes ago 
I know , but I ’ m really tired . My stomach feels funny 
What ’ s the matter ? Didn ’ t you sleep well last night 
I was too excited to sleep last night . I didn ’ t go to sleep until quite late 
Then when did you go to sleep 
About 2 o ’ clock in the morning 
When 
About 2 o ’ clock 
Oh , Susie . Didn ’ t I tell you over and over again that you wouldn ’ t be able to climb the mountain unless you got enough sleep 
You did , but I can ’ t help it 
This is a one-day trip . We ’ ll have to keep going and try to reach the top by noon or give up right now and go home . Which one do you choose 
Which one do I choose ? I don ’ t want to give up , but I really feel tired 
So , make up your mind quickly . Whether to keep going or give up 
Let me think about it . What should I do ? I think I will not give up 
Good morning . I ’ m thinking about buying some new furniture for my living room . Could you help me 
Certainly . As you can see , we have several three-piece suites on sale . Feel free to sit down and test how comfortable they are 
I came to your store yesterday and have come back today to make a final decision . I think I like the black leather suite . It ’ s on sale , isn't it 
Yes . The price has been reduced by 50 % . It ’ s a real bargain 
I ’ ll take it . I also need to improve the lighting in my living room . Do you have any suggestions 
Those floor lamps are very nice and you can vary the brightness according to whether you ’ re reading or watching tv . How big is your living room 
It ’ s quite large . It ’ s about 40 square meters 
I ’ d suggest you buy two . That allows you to change the brightness of the room better 
OK . I like the design of this lamps . I also need some cushion covers . I ’ ll just browse through those ones over there 
Here's our sample room 
You've got a large collection of sample foodstuffs here 
Yes . We are exporting a wide range of foodstuffs to many countries . And the demand is getting greater and greater.By the way , which items are you interested in 
I'm particularly interested in shortbreads . Do you have some samples you could show me 
Yes . This way , please . Our shortbread is in a variety of flavors , such as almond , walnut , lotus seed , etc . And different packaging has different weights . We can make packages within a reasonable range of any size you require 
The small sizes are more marketable than the large ones for us . I wonder if Your pastry tastes better 
You are welcome to have a try . Here it is . Ours is of prime quality 
Oh , it's delicious ..
Look at the catalogue , John . I think I want to get this red blouse
Don't you have one like this in blue 
Yah , but it doesn't have a red one 
Do you need every color in the rainbow 
Yes 
Ze ze ze ... Women 
Believe it or not , one of the narrowest street in the world is only 49cm wide 
Unbelievable ! How do people go through it 
That's what I'm wondering , too 
I wish I had a chance to see it with my own eyes 
Can I help you 
My wife and I want to go to Beijing for a tour . Can you arrange it 
Yes , we can arrange that 
I'd like to know what kind of tour your travel agency has 
Our travel agency provides all kinds of tours , ranging from individual tour to group package tour 
Excellent 
When do you expect to come 
September 28th 
What specific places do you wish to visit 
We would like to visit the Great Wall , the Ming Tombs and the Imperial Palace 
OK 
Did you watch the movie program on Channel 6 last night 
Yes , I did . It is a horrible movie 
I wonder why TV programs often show much violence 
Actually , more and more people have realized that violence on TV may lead to the increase of crime rates among teenagers 
They are especially harmful to teenagers 
But anyhow there are many worthwhile programs 
so , have you seen all three The Lord of the Rings movies 
yes , but I didn't really like the third one at all 
that's the Return of the King , right 
yeah . Even though the customs were brilliant , I didn't think it was as good as the first two . What did you think 
I thought the special effects were amazing , but I got a bit confused . The plot was too complicated for me 
did you read the books before you watched the movies 
no . did you 
yes , I've read them many times . I think it's much easier to follow for people who were already familiar with all the characters 
yes , trying to keep track of all the characters was quite confusing for me 
I also think that it was much better in the theatre than at home 
most movies are . Another problem for me was the film was dubbed in German with English subtitles 
that happens a lot in non-English speaking countries 
I heard that The Return of the King was nominated for 11 Oscars 
actually , they not only had 11 nominations , but they won 11 Oscars , too 
what are you looking for 
I want to buy a new camcorder for my trip this summer 
do you know what camcorder options are available 
not really . I thought I'd just have a look today 
would you like to look at the new digital camcorders that have just come in 
sure . I'd like to see the smallest camcorder that you have first 
ok . This Sony model is their newest and our most popular camcorder . Why don't you see if you like the way it feel 
it's very light . That would be good . How is the battery life 
it's got an above-average battery life . It lasts up tp 12 hours and can be charged in 30 minutes 
can you also take still photos with this 
yes , that is an option 
how about night vision ? Can you use it in the dark 
yes . I can show you examples of some footages that was taken with this camera in the dark 
that's not bad at all . How's the microphone ? Does it pick up much sound 
It can record any sound that's within about 8 feet of the camera 
how does that compare with other models 
there are models that can pick up more sound than this one , but they're much bigger and heavier than this one 
I guess you can't have everything , can you 
Do you know how to drive 
I'm a great driver 
Could you teach me how to drive 
Have you gotten your learner's permit 
Yes , I have my learner's permit 
Have you ever been behind the wheel 
I've only driven a car one time 
You do know all the controls in the car , don't you 
I know them 
Tell me when you want me to teach you 
We can do it when you have some time 
I'm not busy tomorrow . Call me then 
Paul , a company called me for an interview 
That's great ! You need to prepare for it 
How 
Get your hair done at a good hair saloon . Tell them you are going for a job interview 
OK 
Buy a decent suit 
Is a white blouse OK 
Yeah , fine . And dressing shoes 
How about make up 
Not much make up 
I never watch foreign films . They're too boring 
Jason , you have no taste . You think First Blood is a good movie 
Hey , it is ! A lot of people like that movie 
I'm sorry , but it's a bad movie . The plot is stupid , and the script is poorly written 
Face it , you don't like action movies because you're a snob 
No , I don't like action movies because I'm cultured 
Hi , good morning , Miss ? what can I help you with 
Good morning I'd like to mail this box of books to Taiwan 
OK , please put it on this scale.Airmail or by sea 
How long does it take to reach Taiwan by sea 
Usually about two month 
That's too long.How long does it take to reach Taiwan by airmail 
About ten days 
Then how much is that by airmail 
Let me see.It ' s 57 dollars , 20 cents , including tax 
That's a little bit expensive 
Although it's expensive to send it by airmail , it's quicker and safer than by sea 
I guess I have to send it by airmail 
Do you want to ensure the contents , Miss 
Yes , please 
Please fill out this form , also please write the value of the items in this space 
OK 
How's Jimmy today 
Better , thank you , doctor 
Can I see him please , Mrs Williams 
Certainly , doctor . Come upstairs 
You look very well , Jimmy . You are better now , but you mustn't get up yet.You must stay in bed for another two days.The boy mustn't go to school yet , Mrs Williams . And he mustn't eat rich food 
Does he have a temperature , doctor 
No , he doesn ’ t 
Must he stay in bed 
Yes . He must remain in bed for another two days . He can get up for about two hours each day , but you must keep the room warm . Where's Mr Williams this evening 
He's in bed , doctor . Can you see him , please ? He has a bad cold , too 
I think this one will do 
I'm sorry . I don't think so 
Why ? What's wrong with it 
It's much too hard for his age 
I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks 
Yes , Mr . Bergeron . You mentioned that in your letter . To tell you the truth , your proposal surprised us 
Is that so ? Anyhow I want to go over the details with you in person , so you can give my suggestion thorough consideration . Our firm specializes in this line of business . We have six sales representatives , who are on the road all the time , covering the whole of the European market 
Do you sell direct to shops 
Yes , we specialize in handling clocks and watches of all sorts . We have well established channels of distribution and we canvass the retailers direct , without any middlemen 
Do you keep a stock of these things 
In some cases , such as the wristwatches , which always have a steady market , we keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents . Generally , however , we pass on the orders of our clients to the manufacturers for supply . We are paid for our service , of course 
That is , your commission 
Yes , our commission is very reasonable . We usually get a 10 % commission of the amount on every deal 
Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5 % commission 
The European market is not familiar with your products . You have competitors from Japan and other continental countries . At the beginning of our campaign , there is sales resistance to overcome , we must send out salesmen to do a lot of traveling and spend a considerable amount of money on advertising in news - papers and TV programs . A 10 % commission will not leave us much 
According to your estimate , what is the maximum annual turn - over you can fulfill , in round figures , of course 
We will always do our utmost to enlarge the business , as our remuneration increases with the turnover , but we will not guar - ante anything , at least not to begin with 
We appreciate very much your intention to push the sale of our products . But our suggestion to you , Mr . Bergeron , as a preliminary step , is to do a little research into the market ..
Do you mean to say you refuse us the agency 
Mr . Bergeron , you leave us no alternative . We can not give you an exclusive agency of the whole European market without having the slightest idea of your possible annual marketing turnover . Besides our price is worked out according to the costing . A 10 % commission means an increase in our price . We must have the reaction of the buyers in this respect 
Oh , that's just too bad . I intended to make great efforts in selling your products 
Well , we can still carry on our business relationship without the agreement . To start the ball rolling , we will provide you with price lists , catalogues and some samples . Only when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products , can we then discuss further details 
Ah , Mrs . Miller , but in this case am I covered 
Oh , yes . We will give you a 5 % commission on every transaction 
All right , but I'll be back again for the Autumn Fair . And then I hope we can see eye to eye about our commission and the terms of the agency 
Very good . We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair 
I am really tired of Terry 
Oh , but I suppose he has lots of talents 
He is a bootlicker . I suppose that is because he is quick on the uptake 
What can I get you 
A cheeseburger and an order of french fries would be great 
Would you like anything to drink 
I feel like having a Coke 
That's a good idea . I think I'll join you 
I hear your sister has had an accident , is it true 
Yeah , it happened a week ago 
That's a crying shame . It really is 
Fortunately , she's not seriously injured 
John , do you mind helping me prepare for the picnic 
Sure . Have you checked the weather report 
Yes . It says it will be sunny all day . No sign of rain at all 
I'd like some toast and chicken wings 
Okay . Please take some fruit salad and crackers for me 
Done . Oh , don't forget to take napkins , disposable plates , cups and picnic blanket 
That's great . We can also take the dragon kite with us . After the picnic , we can fly it 
Cool , we can take shuttlecock and badminton racket 
Okay , it sounds good 
Here is the fish counter . Look at the lobsters and crabs . Shall we have some 
I'm allergic to these things , you know 
Sorry , I forgot . I don ’ t like seafood , neither 
Let ’ s go over there and get some milk , a couple dozen eggs and some orange juice 
Let's get frozen juice . It is really good . We ’ Ve got enough food . Let ’ s go over to the check-out stand 
OK . But just let me pick up a bottle of cooking wine and oil as we go by 
Hello 
Hi , David . You are very difficult to reach . I called several times . But I kept getting a busy signal . Is your phone out of order 
No , not out of order . But we seem to have a bad connection on the phone line . I can ’ t hear you clearly 
Ok . Let me call you later . Is that okay 
Sure . Thanks 
Reception . May I help you 
Yes . I locked myself out . May I borrow a duplicate key for Room 201 
Certainly . Where are you now 
I'm right outside my room 
OK . Just wait where you are . I'll send someone up to help you 
Can I help you in any way 
I would like to see your summer suits 
How do you like this pattern ? The pink suits you well 
Will it wash well and the color won't fade 
It's of good quality 
My son has really taken it out of me . He never keeps out of mischief 
After all , he is a baby 
Yeah . Anyway he is driving me mad 
Jim , could you do me a favor 
Sure , just ask . What can I do for you 
My car has a problem starting . Could you please take a look at it for me 
No sweat . It ’ s a piece of cake 
Are you sure 
Absolutely . I ’ m a great mechanic 
Thanks for helping me out . I really appreciate it 
Anytime 
Are you ok ? You seem a bit anxious 
Yeah , I'm OK , I have been having a lot of mood swings lately . I think it has to do with the pills my doctor prescribed that are causing chaos on my hormones 
So you mean you feel ecstatic one minute and then blue the next 
Yeah , it's weird . For example just this morning I was feeling detached and lonely , even though there was really no reason to feel that way 
Well , maybe your mood will swing positively and you will feel confident , brave and hopeful 
I hope you are right 
I ’ m terribly sorry to cause you so much trouble 
That ’ s alright 
Body language in the interview is closely related to the job-hunter's image 
Surely it is 
You should look the interviewer in the eye so as to show that you are carefully listening to him 
You can nod or ask questions at the right time to show that you have already understood or you are quite interested in his words 
When you are seated , bent forward a little with your hands crossed , to show you respect the interviewer 
Don't move from time to time . It is very impolite and will make you nervous 
Proper posture can show your confidence 
The best would be you have a smile on your face in the interview to win a good impression of the interviewer 
Pay attention to keeping eye contact as well 
Throughout the interview you should maintain patience 
In a word , you should keep decent manners in the interview 
Only in this way can you leave the interviewer a good impression and achieve success 
Is there anything I can do for you 
I'm interested in taking a tour to Sydney 
Well , we have a package tour there 
How much does it cost 
$ 600 
Does that include the insurance 
Of course 
Can I help you , madam 
Yes , I'm looking for a cap . Size 16 
Would you like to try this one on 
Yes . It's a bit tight . Have you got a bigger one 
All right . How about this one 
Yes , that's fine . I'll take it . Can I pay by check 
Of course , madam 
I can't seem to progress up the career ladder no matter how hard I try and I have been here for 2 years already 
Well , have you thought of getting an MBA ? I heard it does wonders in getting you to the top 
An MBA , hey . . . well my degree wasn't in business , the business schools won't be interested in me 
Nonsense ! The business schools measure your ability through a test called GMAT 
GMAT ? What does that stand for and what will the test contain 
Graduate Management Admission Test , it contains three parts
Okay , this sounds a little tough , how am I supposed to practice for this 
Up to you , you could have a one on one session with a tutor or group sessions , you can also use free or private computer software . Going to church might help as well 
No matter what I do , I'm going to ace this test and go on to become a corporate fat cat 
Umm . . . That's the spirit 
Tom , you look thoughtful and unhappy recently . What's wrong with you 
Lily broke up with me last week . In fact , she dumped me 
Why ? I mean , why did she part company with you after seven years together 
She said it was because we had very different ideas about life 
Do you believe her excuse 
Of course not . I knew she had fallen in love with another guy . It is difficult to see her move on so quickly 
Come on , buddy , cheer up . Why not do some sports with me ? Violent exercise might help to shake you out of your disappointment in love 
Thank you , Steven . You are really a good friend 
Can you shorten this pipe for me ? It's too long 
Sure . I'll do it after lunch . What length do you need 
Can you take 15 mm of it 
Yes , no problem . It'll be ready by 2 p . m 
How do you think the transport system in our city could be improved 
I think that the public transport system could be made simpler . I never know where the bus routes actually go . The routes seem to twist and turn rather than going roughly in a straight line 
I think we just need to build more roads . Then there would be more space for cars to drive and we ’ d have fewer traffic jams 
If we built more roads , people would just fill them with cars again . I think we should discourage people from using their cars 
How would you do that 
I think we should do a few things at once . Improving public transport would encourage people to use that . If we also charge people to use their cars in the city centre , they won ’ t use their cars as much 
I don ’ t know . I think it ’ s unfair to make drivers pay more money . They already pay a lot of tax-petrol tax , for example 
I think that they should pay more tax . Look at the damage they cause to the environment and people ’ s health by discharging all those exhaust fumes 
The air would certainly be cleaner if there were fewer cars being used in the city . The problem is that people will see it as reducing their freedom . It well be unpopular 
That ’ s a good point . Car owners will probably be against it , but people who use public transport will be in favor of it 
I'm checking out now . Can I have my bill , please 
Sure . What's your room number , sir 
It's 8736 . Here is my key card 
A minute , please . It's 6212 yuan all together . Tax included 
Can I pay with traveler's check 
Sure . Can I have your passport , please 
Here you are 
Thanks . Are you satisfied with your stay here with us , sir 
Very much . The room is cozy and the service is jolly good . By the way , could you deliver my luggage to the airport in advance 
Sure . It will be taken care of , sir . Which flight do you take 
Flight 17 . And my luggage should be delivered there by 4 o'clock 
Got it , sir . It'd be great to see you again , sir 
Thank you 
Excuse me , sir , I'm afraid you can't park your car here 
Why not ? It's my parking space 
I'm afraid not , sir 
Oh ? That's a surprise . Let me see ... D 0411 Our dog's birthday . Yes , I'm sure this my parking space 
But I saw a red car always parking here before 
Oh , we've just repainted our car . It was red 
Maybe . But the car of this space has a broken rearview mirror on the left 
Yeah . It used to . We got that fixed yesterday too 
Could you wait for a minute , sir ? I'd like to have a check 
Sure , go ahead 
Sorry , sir , my mistake . This is your parking space 
That's all right . It's not your fault 
Hi , Ellen . That outfit looks terrific 
Thanks , Jim . I didn ’ t think guys paid attention to stuff like that 
No , we just don ’ t usually admit it 
Well , thanks for the compliment anyway 
I need help with the office party 
Yes , of course . We could split it . What part would you like to do , the food or the entertainment 
I have no idea what the entertainment should be 
Let's make sure we are on the same page . Do we want a formal or informal gathering 
Let's make it a formal affair 
Yes , that would be best . Now , for food should we have Chinese or American food 
American food would be the best choice 
That would be great . What kind of music would you like , a band or recorded music 
We should bring in a really good DJ 
That works for me . Let's see what we can each do about planning our part and meet again on Friday 
Cigarette 
Oh , uh ... Thanks . Henry , do you have a light 
Sorry , here 
Thanks . Lovely day . Pity I ’ m on duty 
I ’ ll stand in with you if you like . I ’ Ve got nothing else to do 
Oh , no . I couldn ’ t possibly 
Have you thought of moving at all , Sarah 
We ’ Ve thought about it , but my husband and I can ’ t afford it right now . The only thing we could afford would be living in the slums , which is something I don ’ t want to do 
Buying a house can be expensive , but there are ways to find cheaper houses 
Like what 
Well , sometimes the city auctions offer houses to the community . You ’ d have to make a quick decision about the offer in a day , but you would definitely save money doing it that way 
That ’ s a good idea . Do you know anyone who has done that before 
Sure , my sister-in-law and her husband just bought a house that way . They ’ re pretty satisfied with it 
Is the house pretty run-down 
Not at all . The woman , who owned it , took good care of it . But when she died , she had no family left and no will , so the government had to sell it for her 
Was it a very old house 
It was about 75 years old . There were a few repairs that needed doing , but it didn ’ t take a lot of money or time 
Is it in a good location 
The area can be a bit rough in the evenings , but the neighbors watch out for each other , so it ’ s ok 
I ’ m forming a music band 
Do you already know how to play an instrument 
Uh ... Yeah ! I ’ Ve told you a thousand times that I ’ m learning to play the drums . Now that I know how to play well , I would like to form a rock band 
Aside from yourself , who are the other members of the band 
We have a guy who plays guitar , and another who plays bass.Although we still haven ’ t found anyone to be our singer . You told me that you had some musical talent , right 
Yes , I ’ m a singer 
Perfect . So you can audition this weekend here at my house 
Great ! Wait here ? You don ’ t have enough room for the amplifiers , microphones or even your drums ! By the way where do you keep them or practice 
What a good day 
Yes . It's really wonderful here The grass is greener and the air is fresher than those in the city 
Right . Let's go out and enjoy the beautiful natural scenery 
Great , let's go 
Wow , what a beautiful lake ! The green hills and clear water really provide magnificent scenery 
En , it's so beautiful that I don't want to move my eyes from it 
I feel as if I'm living in a different world , honey 
The same to me . All the things here make me happy , the mountain , the water , the grass , the birds , the sunshine ..
I think we should go out more frequently . The natural scenery can do us good 
That's the point . We should walk into the nature and enjoy its beauty whenever we have time 
Right . The city life has made us tired and out of energy , while the natural world can bring us quite new feelings 
Do I need a visa 
No , I shouldn ’ t think so . But you must take your passport of course 
Yes , I know . I must get my traveler ’ s check and some foreign currency 
Yes , you need the traveler ’ s check but you needn ’ t get any foreign currency . You can have my US Dollars , I don ’ t need them 
Really ? That ’ s very good of you , Helen . But I must get a new suitcase , my old one needs repairing 
You needn ’ t buy one . You can have mine 
That ’ s very kind of you , Helen . I hope you don ’ t mind my leaving you like this . I need a holiday . It won ’ t be long 
Don ’ t be silly , John . I ’ m going with you . It ’ s necessary for me to have a holiday too 
So , where is this bus supposed to take us 
It should take us back up to Altadena 
Well , don't you know for sure 
I'm not really sure if it does or not 
Are you sure we got on the right bus 
I've never taken this bus , but I think it's the right one 
This place doesn't look like Altadena 
That's true , and we have been on this bus for a while 
Read one of the street signs or something 
Yikes ! Temple City 
That's the last time I'm trusting you with the transportation 
My bad , but at least we know the right bus to take us back 
How do you do 
How do you do 
Do you mind if I introduce myself ? My name is Wang Li 
My name is Jim Jones . Are you coming for the interview 
Yes , I am 
The channel boats are quite fast , aren't they 
Yes , very . They make the trip in about an hour 
I hope we shan't have a rough passage 
No , I hope not . I want to have a deck chair and enjoy the crossing 
That's a good idea 
The sea seems quite calm , so there will be no fear of seasickness . Are you seasick 
Yes , unfortunately . I'm very much subject to it 
I'm not a very good sailor , either . My mother is a dreadfully poor sailor . In fact , she never takes a voyage unless she has to . I am better than that , and even on the Pacific . after ten days of it , I can still find my sea legs . Well , happily we shall have a smooth passage today 
Yes , this little boat gets up a fine speed , and I think we'll soon get to the land 
Yeah , I am of the same opinion 
Here you are . How is Danny 
Better now . We are just back from the hospital . We were lucky to meet a well-known doctor 
What did the doctor say 
He said that he had a really bad cold 
Shall we go back home now 
The dispensary closed . Here is the given prescription 
I bought some advanced medicine . Is there anything you need 
Probably not . Some medicine we need is ethical drug which you can't buy without a prescription 
Now what 
I'll go back home with Danny . You go to the pharmacy again 
Okay , this is the third time 
What ? How come ? The third time 
You don't have to know . Bye for now 
Be careful 
Morning , Madam . This is the window for Foreign Exchange Savings . How can I help you 
I want to save some US dollars into my account 
That's fine . Is it a Time Deposit 
Yes , that's what my husband advised me to do . But I'm not sure how long I should save for 
Well , we offer 5 grades as standard
Mmmm ... 2 years does seem like a long time . How about the interest if I save for 6 months 
For 6 months we can offer you 0.59 % 
That sounds fine to me . Yes , I think 6 months is the way to go 
Can I get you something to drink 
No , that's okay , I already have a coke.Why don't you have a seat , you look like you've been on your feet all day 
I guess I could take a break.So , how do you like Denver 
It's great ! The mountains here are beautiful and the skiing is spectacular.Have you been here for a long time 
About six years ..
What do you do for a living 
I manage one of the ski lodges.It ' s a great job , I can spend a lot of my time outdoors , and I also get to ski for free all season 
Wow , talk about job perks ! That's great . I would like to do something exciting like that.But I am only an accountant.Not too much excitement there.huh 
That's okay.If it weren't for you accountants , nobody would have the money to go skiing 
Jenny , you should go to bed now 
But it's still early 
Don't stay up late 
But Day . I'm not sleepy 
Well , honey . Turn off the light , lie down and go to sleep 
Have you packed our passports 
Not yet . Do we need to take it with us 
Of course . Otherwise I cannot go abroad 
Is that hard to get a passport 
Not at all . But we do need to keep it with us all the time 
It is hard to believe this little thing is so valuable to us 
Have you been having any problems lately 
No , but the nurse at school says that I should have my blood pressure checked 
Do you have a history of high blood pressure 
No , I have never been told that I have high blood pressure 
High blood pressure is called the silent killer because it hardly ever has symptoms 
How do you check for high blood pressure 
We are going to use this cuff here , and it will give me a reading 
What do the numbers mean 
They tell me how much your heart is working at rest and when pumping blood 
Good . That will help me know how I am doing 
I can ’ t believe the cost of apartments in New York City 
Oh , you didn ’ t know that apartments here are considered valuable , even if they are small and crowded 
Of course I had heard about that , but now I know how expensive it is to rent a place here 
I don ’ t mind paying high rent to live in New York 
Why ? You pay so much for such a tiny space to live 
Yeah , but so what ! I ’ m proud to live in the world ’ s most exciting city . And , the salaries here are the highest in the nation , too 
Is this taxi taken 
No , madam.May I help you 
Yes.Will you take me to the station 
No problem.Step in , please 
Thanks 
Your face is so red , you must running a temperature 
I have a severe headache now 
Please go to see a doctor 
Would you like to go with me ? I ’ m afraid of the hospital 
Bobby ! Come here , look what I got you 
What is that 
A chess board ! Daddy is going to teach you how to play 
Cool 
Ok , each player gets 16 pieces . You can be the white ones and I ’ ll play with the black pieces . Now in the front , you set up the pawns . Those are the least valuable pieces and can only move one space forward . When you are about to capture another piece , it can move one space diagonally 
What about all these other pieces 
See this one that looks like a tower ? It ’ s called the rook . The one with the tall hat is called the bishop . See this little horsey ? This is called the knight , it ’ s a very important piece so it ’ s best to not let your opponent capture it 
And these two ? They are husband and wife 
That ’ s right ! That ’ s the queen and that ’ s the king . If the other player captures your king , he will say Check Mate and the game is over ! Doesn ’ t this sound fun 
Nah ! This is boring ! I ’ m gonna go play Killer Zombies on my PlayStation 
Good morning , Mr.Robinson . I am afraid there is a change in today's program . I just got word that your appointment with Mr . Smith , the general manager of Western Textile Co . , Ltd . , will have to be put off 
But why 
Mr.Smith called just now that he had to fly to Shanghai on urgent business today 
OK , I see 
Mr.Smith is sending his apologies and has asked me to find out if the day after tomorrow would be all right with you 
Yes , that will be just as good 
Then shall we make it nine o'clock the day after tomorrow morning 
All right . Then I can do some shopping today before going back to my country 
I'm hungry . Do we have anything to eat 
Just a few cookies 
That's fine with me 
I have found it quite different here from China since I came to the United States 
What's the difference 
Some friends of mine took me to the mall to go shopping . It was so big . I think I could get lost if I went there alone 
You must have bought many things in the mall 
Not really many . I was told that on weekends there were always the flea markets , so I decided to come to the flea market to buy a bargain 
It's wise to do it . The Americans have the habit of selling their junk when they are moving to another place , so they usually display all the things they want to sell in their gardens at the weekend . And many things they are selling still look quite new and they are also very useful 
I have heard about it while in China . it is called a " yard sale " . I didn't have any idea of that until today when I came here to the big " yard sale " 
You must have got many useful things for your new apartment 
Hey , you , pick up that piece of garbage 
Huh ? Me 
Yeah , you . I just saw you throw a piece of garbage on the ground . Can't you read the No Littering sign ? It's a $ 500 penalty for littering , so go pick it up and put it in the garbage can over there 
Why should I do that ? It's only a piece of garbage . Why should you care 
Because this is a public place , and I want to spend my time here without having to look at your garbage 
Listen , I really don't know why you're making this into such a big issue . It's only a small piece of garbage in a large space . It's not like there's garbage everywhere . Besides , someone will come along to clean it up at some time or another 
It's not the cleaner's responsibility to pick up after lazy people . It's part of your responsibility to make sure that the place is neat for other people . If everyone thought like you , there'd be garbage everywhere ! The cleaners can't be everywhere 
Ok , whatever . See , I'm putting it in the garbage can 
Hold on , that's an item . You should put that in the recycle bin next to the trashcan 
I have difficulty with this form . Will you please explain it to me 
Actually there is a sample over there . But if you still have a problem , let me know 
Oh , that's great . Thank you very much 
I wonder if we can change to Channel 5 
Why 
I want to know what's on that channel 
Oh , good 
There is a football match 
I prefer TV play to football 
OK . Could you turn it down 
What are you going to do 
I'm going to listen to the radio 
Maybe we can enjoy the TV play together . It's interesting 
Don't worry . I'm sure you'll do better next time 
I didn't realize it was so difficult though I know I'm always too nervous in such competition 
It doesn't matter . Forget it 
I don't think I performed well 
Oh ! That's much hetter than I did 
Can you tell me how to improve myself 
There's no secret at all . The only thing for you to do is to practice more . You will succeed 
Thank you for your encouragement 
It's a pleasure . Come on . I'm on your side 
Hi there . How can I help 
I started a new job last month and I'm expecting my first salary 
I see . And your company has a Wage Distribution Service Agreement with us 
So I was told , yes . They gave me this book 
Yes , that's a Current-all-in-one Passbook . That's what you need to get your salary 
All right . I want to bring everybody in on this project . When can we start working on this 
Well , we could probably get started with a strategy meeting tomorrow morning at 8: 00 
I tell you what , 8: 00 is no good for me , but why don't you guys get started and I'll come by at around 8: 45 or so 
That's fine with me . How much time are we going to have to work on this 
I am past my stop . Would you please let me get off 
I am sorry . It's not allowed . You have to wait till the next station 
Well , that's OK 
Can you please slow down ? I am not in a hurry 
OK 
Lily , do you know Lizzy 
Lizzy who 
Lizzy smith 
Of course I do 
Then , Do you know her younger sister 
You mean Mary 
Yes 
Sure . I know her elder sister Sue and younger sister Mary 
Oh , not bad . Then do you know her mother 
Yes , certainly . I know her mother and father , and brother and sisters , too 
That sounds terrific 
Why do you ask me these questions 
I just want to visit the family some day 
It was great meeting you 
Me too 
Maybe we can meet again sometime 
Of course , but I'll have to go now 
Then , I ’ ll see you next week , Ms . O ’ Brian 
Yes . Let ’ s say Tuesday at noon . Bring your portfolio with you 
Certainly . Is there anything else you would like me to bring , Mr . O ’ Brian 
No , that ’ s all . I already have your resume 
Hello , I'm sorry for calling this late . May I speak to Peter 
I'm sorry . He's not in right now 
When is he coming back 
He should be back in ten minutes . Could 1 you call back later 
I'll call again in thirty minutes 
I ’ Ve had it ! I ’ m done working for a company that is taking me nowhere 
So what are you gonna do ? Just quit 
That ’ s exactly what I am going to do ! I ’ Ve decided to create my own company ! I ’ m going to write up a business plan , get some investors and start working for myself 
Have you ever written up a business plan before 
Well , no , it can ’ t be that hard ! I mean , all you have to do is explain your business , how you are going to do things and that ’ s it , right 
You couldn ’ t be more wrong ! A well written business plan will include an executive summary which highlights the idea of the business in two pages or less . Then you need to describe your company with information such as what type of legal structure it has , history , etc 
Well , that seems easy enough 
Wait , there ’ s more ! Then you need to introduce and describe your goods or services . What they are and how they are different from competitors ’ ? Then comes the hard part , a market analysis . You need to investigate and analyze hundreds of variables ! You need to take into consideration socioeconomic factors from GDP per capita to how many children on average the population has ! All this information is useful so that you can move on to your strategy and implementation stage , where you will describe in detail how you will actually execute your idea 
Geez . Is that all 
Almost , the most important piece of information for your investors will be the financial analysis . Here you will calculate and estimate sales , cash flow and profits . After all , people will want to know when they will begin to see a return on their investment 
Umm . I think I ’ ll just stick to my old job and save myself all the hassle of trying to start up a business 
All of you have reported your achievements . I'd like to remind you that we must be aware of the threat we face 
The same with the previous speaker , we must know how things stand with us 
Yes , we must keep a clear mind with the tough competition 
It's the time to emphasize sense of crises 
Hey Steve . When's the next time you're going to play golf 
I'm going out this Saturday 
Do you already have a foursome 
Unfortunately , we do . Let's plan for something together for Wednesday . We can go right after work 
That sounds good . Where do you want to play 
We won't have much time , so let's play somewhere close to work 
How about Bellevue ? It's pretty close 
How much does it cost over there 
Twilight rates are 21 dollars 
That's pretty good . Let's do it 
Aright . I'll get a tee time for Wednesday at about 4
Make it 4
Ok . I'll call you later when I get a tee time 
Sounds good . I'll see you on Wednesday then 
Aright . Have fun on Saturday 
Will do 
I'm really sorry , but I seem to have misplaced your towel 
Oh , that's all right 
I'm very sorry . Can I get you another one 
No . Forget about it . It's not important 
How do I use the powder 
Please dissolve the powder in hot water . Soak your hand or foot in it for 20 minutes twice a day 
How do I use the eye-drop and ointment 
Put the eye-drop into your right eye 4 - - 6 times a day , 1 - - 2 drops each time . Squeeze a bit of the ointment on your eyelid every night 
Well , I see . Thanks 
You're welcome 
Are you going to eat anything with your sandwich 
I may get some fruit 
Oh really , what kind of fruit do you like 
I tend to only eat grapes and apples 
What kind of apples do you prefer 
I've always liked green apples 
I don't really like green apples that much 
Why do you say that 
I think they are too sour 
You'd rather eat a red apple 
Don't you like red apples 
They're okay , I guess 
can you squeeze me in sometime today 
That ’ s a big order , Jane . I am really swamped 
I know what you ’ re saying , but I have to go over the books with you before I go see our tax guy 
Right . Okay , let me see what I can do . How about 1:30 right after my lunch meeting ? It won ’ t take more than a half hour , will it 
I believe that you called me 
Oh , hi . Thanks for getting back to me quickly 
Why did you call me 
I was calling about your son 
Did he do something wrong 
Your son was acting up in class 
What do you mean 
He was talking and causing a disturbance during class 
That's really not like him 
If you could just talk to him , I would greatly appreciate it 
I apologize , and I'll make sure he doesn't do that again 
Don't worry about it , but thank you very much 
Let's take a coffee break , shall we 
I wish I could , but I can't 
What keeps you so busy ? You've been sitting there for hours . You've got to walk around.You just can't stay on the computer forever 
Well , I am up to my neck in work . I've got to finish this report . Sarah needs it by noon . I don't want to be scolded if I can ’ t finish my work by the deadline 
I understand that , but you'd feel better if you took a break , even for just a short while 
We'd like a half-day package 
We offer many different sea water treatments 
How many can we choose 
The aquamedic pool is included . You can choose three 
We'll do the seaweed wrap , the jet bath , and the foot massage 
OK . Here are your robes . You can go shower first 
Hello , this is the International Youth Hotel . How can I help you 
oh , yes . I want to check whether you still have any vacancies . I need three single rooms for next Monday 
ok . There're vacancies . Since the peak season is coming , it's advisable to book soon . Would you like to make a reservation now 
yes , please . Do you take credit cards 
yes , we accept all major credit cards 
and how about Internet access 
there's free Internet access in the lobby 
is it available in the rooms 
Unfortunately not 
that's OK . Is breakfast included 
yes , breakfast is included and parking is available 
fantastic . Thank you very much 
you're welcome . And we have 24 hour reception . Please don't hesitate to call anytime if you have any further questions 
Hello , sir . Have you reserved already 
No , is there a single room left 
Yes , how long will you intend to stay 
For a week or so . Do you give discount for a week or more 
Yes , we give 5 % discount for a week and 12 % for 2 weeks 
All right . I will take a room for a week . Here is my passport 
Emily , are you getting rushed by a sorority 
More than one . I think the count is now three , if I remember correctly 
Wow . I'm getting rushed too , but just one . Are you thinking of joining any of them 
I don't know . I know there are advantages to joining , but I'm not much into group stuff 
The guys I've talked to say that the activities that go on in a frat house can be a little distracting depending on the group 
I think I'm going to decline . I just prefer to do my own thing 
Were your parents involved in that kind of thing at all when they went to school 
My dad was , but not my mom 
Jenny , are you having fun here 
Yes , of course . This is really a nice party with wonderful people and lovely wines 
I ’ m glad you ’ re enjoying it 
Thank you for the invitation 
It ’ s my pleasure . Would you like another glass of champagne 
Yes , please . Thank you for everything 
How much do you expect to earn 
I think salary is closely related to the responsibilities of the job . Shall we discuss my responsibilities with your company first 
If you are hired , you are in charge of the design of toys that can meet the needs of the American market 
I know it is a crucial position , but I can do it well . So I'm asking for 200,000 Yuan a year as a starting salary 
Ok 
Every honored guests , welcome to Hang Thou . Now we are visiting Tiger-running Spring 
How can we relate tiger to this spot , Miss Zhang 
Its name originates from a legend that two tigers run here and made a hole , and then a spring gushed out from it 
How ignorant I am 
The Longing Tea and the Tiger-running Spring water are always considered as the “ Two Wonders in West Lake . 
I know that tea . It smells fragrant 
That's right . All my guests , attention please . We will have half an hour to visit the spring and take photos . And next spot will be the Moon Reflected in Three Pools 
Janice , David , come here . We take some photos here . I can't imagine how beautiful it is 
How are your wedding plans going 
Very well . We started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done 
When will your wedding take place 
At ten o'clock on the morning of next Sunday . We have invited all our relatives to the wedding 
It will be a large church one . Is your wedding dress ready 
Yes , its design is very elaborate and the designer took many weeks to make it 
You will be very beautiful on your wedding day 
Thank you 
Which hotel will the reception be held at 
The Palace Hotel 
It's excellent . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive 
It will be expensive , but we think it will be worth 
I think you made the right decision 
Good afternoon , madam . Can I help you 
Yes , please . Have you any vacancies for tonight 
Do you have reservations with us 
No , I don't think so 
Sorry , madam . We don't have vacancies at the moment 
Hello , Mary . How are you 
Not bad . How about you , John 
Fine . Thank you 
Can I borrow your suit 
That's out of the question 
Have we met 
I don't think so . Michael 
Hello , Michael . My name's Shirley . Pleased to meet you 
Pleased to meet you , too , Shirley . So , what do you do 
I work in marketing . I'm a regional marketing manager for an IT company . Normally , I work out of Beijing , but I'm here on business . My friend Judy over there , she lives here and she invited me to this party . And you ? How about you 
I live here . I was invited by George-he's the tall guy over there . He looks a bit drunk , actually ..
Boy ! What a beauty ! I fall in love with her at the first sight 
The beauty under the tree 
Of course.No girl is more charming 
She is a young man 
You look pale , Paul . What's wrong 
I've got a headache 
I'm sorry to hear that . Anything I can do for you 
No , thank you . I'll take an aspirin and see how it goes 
Hi , is that Mr . Wu 
Yes . What can I do for you 
I am calling to query about some of your information 
We've got a bad line . Can you repeat that please 
I said I want to ask about some of your information 
Sorry , the connection is terrible . I'll call you back because I can't hear anything 
Lisa , I need some help here 
What is it , dear 
Well , I need to get some female stuff 
You mean stuff like tampons and sanitary napkins 
Yeah . I didn't know what they're called in English 
Follow me . All the things you need as a woman are in aisles 10 and 11 . This section is usually near the medicine section in any supermarket 
I'll keep that in mind 
Listen to this . Mary got married 
Is she really ? I can ’ t believe it 
Yes . Yesterday 
Good gracious . That ’ s incredible 
She married Jerrod 
You ’ re kidding 
She ’ s going to live in Paris 
Really ? I ’ m surprised 
What do you think I should do , doctor 
Why don't you try Chinese herbal medicine 
Is it useful for me 
You have to try at least 
OK . Thanks a lot 
That's nothing 
May I help you ? Miss 
Yes . I'd like to look at lipstick and eye shadow 
What color set do you prefer 
Well , brown 
We have a beautiful selection of eye shadows this fall . Look at the colors . Aren't they beautiful 
But they're purple . I prefer a brown set 
If you insist , I can show you the brown sets . I'll have to warn you that they're very ordinary , though 
Well , I'm not so sure . Most of my make-up is brown 
Why don't you wear purple eye shadow for a change ? We also have lipstick to go with it 
Can I try it 
Sure . Are you wearing any make-up 
No 
Have a seat , please . Now , here is the mirror . How do you like it 
Not bad . Actually , it makes me look younger . I like it 
Try the lipstick as well . See , how fresh and charming you look 
You're right . I'll take them all 
Hey , Benjamin , have you finished your report on the project 
Not yet . To tell you the truth , I don't know how to write it . I've considered it for several days 
What ? Man , you don't know how to write a project report ? That's sounds a little bit ridiculous 
Don't laugh at me , please . I'm serious . I've never been required to write this kind of report before , I only do the research reports 
Oh , sorry , I've totally forgotten that you are a workaholic 
So what items must be involved in this report 
First is your final conclusion on your work of this year , and then comes your plan for the next year 
Yeah , is that all 
Let me see , no , you have to include more details about your final conclusion , for example , your experiences in dealing with some emergent events 
That's too complicated 
And only that doesn't make a perfect one , you also have to pay attention to the format of the report 
Oh , my God , is there any fixed for mat for it-the one that I just need to fix my information in 
I'm sorry . There isn't . Because different people have to write different kinds of reports 
But I don't know how to work the Microsoft Words . Could you please give me a hand 
OK , no problem . But you have to learn it and then do it yourself next time 
Can I still get tickets for tonight's performance 
The balcony is still available 
Aren't there any other seats 
No , I'm afraid that's it 
Why are you shivering 
It's freezing 
Excuse me . I am looking for a book called Little Women , but I can't find it anywhere 
Let me see . I am sorry we just have sold it out 
Will you have it later 
I think so.Could I have you name , telephone number ? If we get one , I will call you 
That's terrific.Thank you 
Can I help you 
Mm , I just need something about business news.Can you recommend some 
The Times is a must 
Thank you . I'll have one 
Excuse me , I'm looking for a good novel . Can you recommend anything 
Certainly . What kind of novel did you have in mind 
I'm not really sure . I don't like romance novels , but any other genre is okay , as long as the book's good 
Well , let me see ... This Stephen King novel is a real thriller 
Sorry , I forgot to mention that I don't like horror much , either 
That's okay . Well , let me think . How about a mystery novel 
Hmm ... I sometimes like mysteries , but I don't think I'm in the mood for one right now 
There are a number of science fiction and fantasy novels I can recommend 
I love science fiction and fantasy , but I've been reading a lot of both lately , so I'd prefer to get something else 
How about a good historical novel ? This one set in medieval France is excellent . The story is exciting and the characterization is very well done 
That sounds interesting . Okay , I'll get this one . Thanks for all your help 
Don't mention it 
What's your favorite sport 
Basketball , I'm a basketball fan 
What was that noise 
It was the pilot putting the wheels down.We must be coming into land.Are you frightened 
Frightened ? You must be joking 
Good morning . May I help you 
Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key 
One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct 
What's the 14 pounds for 
That's for the phone calls you made from your room 
Can I pay with traveller's cheques 
Certainly . May I have your passport , please 
Here you are 
Could you sign each cheque here for me 
Sure 
Here are your receipt and your change , sir . Thank you 
Thank you . Goodbye 
Do you have any fresh baked donuts for sale yet 
They will be ready in about half an hour . Do you need anything else 
Yes , I'd like five croissants , too 
It's going to be 3 dollars 40 cents 
Hi there ! I am looking for a new car . I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in 
I see . You are in luck this month because all of our models are on sale ! it is a perfect time to buy a new car since it ’ s the end of the year 
Perfect ! I like this one 
That is the Ford Focus . A very light but powerful vehicle . It comes with dual side airbags , power steering and power windows , tinted windows and your choice of either automatic or manual transmission 
Sounds like a good car ! How many miles to the gallon 
It is a very fuel efficient vehicle giving you about 34 miles in the city and 40 on the highway 
That is really convenient . Especially now that fuel prices are so high ! What ’ s under the hood 
A very powerful 2.5- liter turbocharged engine , Trust me , this car is fast 
Now for the most difficult question . What is the price tag for this lovely vehicle 
Very affordable sir . You can take it out of this lot today with 0 % down payment and no interest for the first year ! You can test drive it now and we can sign the papers when we get back 
Great ! Let ’ s do it 
Did you enjoy the movie 
Oh , it's really a drag 
Sorry to hear that . I think it's even better than On the Golden pond 
Hell with it ! Nobody will give it an Academy award 
Welcome to McDonald's . Can I take your order 
Please give me this extra value meal , a red bean pie , and one order of vegetable salad 
Would you like something to drink 
A cup of hot orange juice 
Will that be it 
Yes , that's all 
Then I'll take them . How much 
$ 120.The small gift box is complementary 
Here is $ 150.Keep the change 
Thank you ! Have a nice day 
You too.Bye 
How do you like Korea 
I like it . It's a beautiful country 
What part of the visit excited you most 
The best island of Korea-Jizhou island 
Why 
Attractive scenery , pleasant climate , these make it charming 
Yes , I think so . But there is also something terrible 
What do you mean 
Sometimes the traffic is too busy 
Yes , you are right 
Bon voyage 
Goodbye 
I'd like to order dinner 
What would you like 
I'd like to order a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare 
I'm sorry . We're currently out of filet mignon . May I suggest the porterhouse instead 
I'd prefer the filet , but the porterhouse will do 
And may I suggest chocolate-covered strawberries with the champagne 
Normally , I would take you up on that suggestion , but just the champagne will do for tonight 
Okay , no strawberries . Room service will be charged to your amenities account . Is that all right 
That's fine 
It will be up shortly . Enjoy your food , sir 
Come in . It's nice to see you again 
It's nice to be here 
Would you care for a drink 
Just a club soda for me , please 
I would like to buy some beef 
What kind do you want 
I need to get ground beef 
How many pounds would you like me to get you 
I need about four pounds 
Exactly what type of ground beef do you want 
Extra lean 
I'll get that for you right now 
I appreciate that 
Don't mention it , I'll just wrap this up for you 
Thanks for your help 
David , recently I established a travelling forum , and now I want to make a plan to hold the first activity . Where can we go for this time 
How many members are there in your forum 
a dozen 
I think we can visit West Lake . The landscapes are attractive . It is said that just as there is paradise in heaven , there are Su Thou and Hang Thou on earth 
It's surely worth going to . There are ten famous spots there 
What can we do next after locating the place 
Inform my members to prepare for the travelling . And then we can discuss about the travelling costs 
Evan , are you busy right now 
Not really . What ’ s up 
Well , I need a hand with the fax machine . My fax is not going through 
I ’ m kind of useless in that area , but I ’ ll take a look at it 
Ah , thanks 
I need to talk to you about something 
What did you need to talk about 
I have some questions about my lease 
Like what 
Exactly how long is my lease for 
Your lease will be up in three years 
What will happen if I move out before then 
If you move out before then , you will not get your deductible 
I don ’ t understand 
Because our contract says that you will live here for three years 
Okay , I think that I understand 
I ’ m glad you understand 
Did you have a good weekend 
Yes , thanks . Did you 
Not bad . What did you do 
I went to Tamshui . You 
I wasn't feeling too well , so I stayed at home 
Mum , this is for you 
Oh , flowers ! What for , my dear 
Happy Mother's Day to you , Mum 
Oh , thank you.You are so sweet 
Excuse me . We're leaving today . I'd like to pay our bills now 
OK . By the way , I'd like to tell you that the check-out time is 12
I see 
Have you used any hotel services this morning or had breakfast at the hotel dining room , Mr . Green 
Yes , my friend and I just had breakfast at the dining room , but we didn't use any services 
How about the charge for the days you shared the room with your friend 
Please add to my account 
The total for the eight days is five hundred sixty yuan 
OK . Here you are 
You must like to dance , right 
I'd love to . Do you often come here to dance 
Yes , I like the old style dance , such as waltz 、 rumba and so on . They are quite graceful 
You are waltzing quite wonderfully . It's great to dance with a experience and talent partner 
Thank you for saying . I think you are light on your toes too . Oh , the music starts again , would you like to have another dance , miss 
Ok , that would be great . Do you like modern dance ? I don't care for it 
Neither do I . I don't like any kind of modern dances all 
Is this a duty-free shop 
Yes , sir . What can I do for you 
I want to buy some specialties . Can you recommend me some 
Sure . I strongly advise you to buy a bottle of perfume and a lighter 
Fine . They look nice . I will take both of them 
May I have a look at your passport , please 
Boris , look at this sentence . " Healthy eating is not about strict nutrition philosophies , staying unrealistically thin , or depriving yourself of foods you love . " It's interesting , isn't it 
I'd rather say it's confusing . what are those " strict nutrition philosophies " about 
I believe they are careful calculations on proteins , vitamins and calories 
Probably , Iris . That must be the job of nutritionists 
Healthy eating is not about depriving oneself of the foods one loves . So we are free to have whatever foods we love . It is unbelievable 
Oh , believe it or not , I came across an article the other day , saying that pizza is a healthy food 
Seriously 
Yes , I felt exactly the same way as you did just now . Scientists must be crazy in saying so 
Maybe nowadays people hold different opinions on healthy diet 
Absolutely . I myself sometimes believe that healthy eating is just about feeling great . As long as I have enough energy , it's fine 
But one must have some basic ideas about nutrition and find the best way for it to work out for the body 
I want to have the overcoat made to measure 
Sure , sir . Have you brought the cloth 
No , I don't know which one to choose . I think maybe you can help me 
Well , I recommend you to choose the 100 % cotton 
I will take your advice 
Do you have a good English-Chinese dictionary 
Sure . How about this one 
Is this the latest edition 
Yes . We have both the paperback and the hardcover 
What's the difference 
The hardcover is more expensive 
Oh ! I see . I'll have the paperback , please 
Can we go to the beach on foot 
Oh , it's too far to walk there.We can take a bus 
Is the bus station close by 
Yeah , it's a block away down the street 
Put all baggage on the conveyor belt.Walk through the detector gate one at a time , please 
Excuse me , ma'ma . Could you walk back through the doorway again , please 
What for 
Airport security.Could you empty your pockets over here , please 
Really ? I'm in a hurry.All right 
Ah , a set of keys 
I'm embarrassed ! I forgot completely about them . I'm terribly sorry 
That's all right.Enjoy your flight 
Thank you 
Sunshine Hotel 
Have you got a single room for Monday evening , please 
With or without private bathroom 
With private room , please 
Sorry , we haven't got any . But we have a room without private bath room 
How much does it cost 
160 yuan 
Could you book it for me 
Of course yes 
Thanks for helping me up 
Are you OK ? I didn't mean to put you in danger 
I'm the hazardous one here . I made three people fall over 
That takes talent ..
I'm so humiliated ! What's that man saying ? Everyone's laughing 
He said you obviously prefer Greek comedies to Greek tragedies 
Hello , Sir . Are you still there 
Yes , I'm here . What details do you need from me 
Did you check with reception at your hotel 
Yes , I did . But nobody has handed it in as yet 
OK , that's fine , Sir . We just need to ask you some questions for security purposes 
Please , go right ahead 
Could I have your name , please ? And do you know your card number 
I'm Mike Kowalski and my card number is 5211678 44 , but there are some other numbers at the beginning . I'm not sure what they are 
That should be fine , Mr Kowalski . And your PIN number 
It's 671029 , my birthday . Silly to choose such a simple one , I suppose 
That's completely natural . Most of our customers do the same thing . Could you just hold for a moment please ? Thank you 
Come in and have some coffee , Anna . The kids have just gone out to the mall to hang out with their friends 
I saw a lot of teenagers when Alan and I were there yesterday 
They spend hours there , especially on weekends 
Speaking of that trip , Alan bought a shirt at a department store , but the sleeves are too long . Do you know a seamstress or tailor who can shorten them 
I know several . But wouldn ’ t it be easier to take the shirt back and exchange it for the right size 
Isn ’ t that complicated 
No , it ’ s easy . We ’ ll just take the shirt back to the men ’ s department and show them the sales slip . They ’ ll exchange it for the correct size or give you a refund 
We ? Do you want to go with me 
Sure . I love going to the mall 
What do you do there ... hang around , like the kids 
Excuse me , my skin is always dry , can you give me some advice 
I think you should buy a bottle of moisturizer 
Will that work 
Yes . It will keep your face from getting dry and make your skin soft 
Would you show me this brooch 
Yes , I would 
What is this made of 
It's sapphire . We have only one brooch of this type . Will you try it on 
Yes , I will . But how much is it 
Only 700 yuan 
It's expensive for me 
How about this one ? This is 500 yuan and the same kind of material as that one 
It is genuine , isn't it 
Oh , yes . Any kind of goods are dependable as our shop is well-known throughout the city 
Hello sir , welcome to Pistolera restaurant . May I take your order 
Yes , I would like the chicken cheese enchiladas with a side of guacamole 
I ' m sorry sir , but we ran out of chicken . May I suggest our delicious beef burritos or cheese quesadillas ? Both include a side of guacamole and jalapenos 
Sure I ' ll have the burrito . Do you have nachos 
Of course sir . Our nachos come with melted cheese and chili 
Sounds good 
Would you like anything to drink 
Sure , I ' ll have a Corona 
Johnny , I want to thank you 
What do you mean , Mom ? For breaking your best china 
Oh , Johnny , that stuff was dollar store junk . No , I want to thank you for keeping Grandma busy 
Well , it's more like she kept me busy ..
I know , and normally she's trying to tell me how to clean my house . So , thank you 
Am I back in your good books 
Not only that , but I'm going to buy you that video game after all 
What kind of person do you think you are 
Well , I am always energetic and enthusiastic . That's my strongest personality 
What are your strengths and weaknesses 
Em , as I have said , I'm diligent and industrious . On the other hand , sometimes I'm too hard-working and I put myself under too much pressure to make things perfect 
What qualities would you expect of persons working as a team 
To work in a team , in my opinion , two characteristics are necessary for a person . That is , the person must be cooperative and aggressive 
How do you spend your leisure time 
I like playing games and having sports . They are my favourite hobbies 
So , what kind of sport do you like most 
Oh , it's hard to narrow it down to just one . I mean , I like all kinds of sports , basketball , swimming , bike riding and so on . Maybe it is just the reason why I am so energetic and vigorous 
Hello . This is Doctor Bell ’ s Office . Can I help you 
Hi . This is Taylor Wright calling . I ’ Ve got an appointment with Doctor Bell at 9.00 tomorrow morning . I ’ Ve got to cancel this appointment . My father-in-law passed away suddenly last night 
I ’ m sorry to hear that . Cancelling the appointment is no problem . Thank you for your call 
Thanks a lot . Good bye 
Hi , Sarah . The results of questionnaire have come out . We need to discuss it together then write a research report 
How is the new product 
30 % of the people are attracted by the style . Buyers always pay great attention to packing . In my opinion , these goods didn't sell well merely because of the poor packing 
Yes , I think so . And how about the price 
Almost 30 % of the consumers can ’ t accept the price . Maybe we should lower our price a little 
Yes , I agree with you . We should add our opinions to the research report 
Absolutely 
Good afternoon , can I help you 
Good afternoon . I need some stamps and envelopes 
How many and what kind 
A dozen 30 - cent stamps and 6 envelopes 
Anything else 
That ’ s all . How much altogether 
$ 16 . 50 
Thank you very much 
You are welcome 
Please take me to Plaza Hotel 
OK . When should we be there 
As soon as possible , because I've got an important meeting to attend 
All right , if there's no hold-ups 
Hey John , nice skates . Are they new 
Yeah , I just got them . I started playing ice hockey in a community league . So , I finally got myself new skates 
What position do you play 
I ’ m a defender . It ’ s a lot of fun . You don ’ t have to be able to skate as fast on defense 
Yeah , you ’ re a pretty big guy . I play goalie , myself 
Oh , yeah ? Which team 
The Rockets 
Really ? I think we play you guys next week . Well , I have to go to practice . See you later 
All right , see you later 
You have your ducks in a row 
Thank you very much . I will devote all my efforts to my work 
Bob , What are you thinking about 
I'm thinking about that idea we talked about 
Do you think it'll work 
I'm not sure 
It's hard to be optimistic about things with the way the economy's headed ... The trade deficit is getting larger , consumption's down , I really think we're headed for a recession 
The economy has been stagnant for a while now . We've been in a recessive state for several months already . What worries me the most is the trade deficit . I think the government should do more to encourage exports 
Increasing exports would weaken the currency . I think the main point is economic growth . We need more jobs . Factories have outsourced and moved many jobs to foreign countries . The result is an increase in unemployment in our own country , lower consumption , lower production , and an overall feeble economy . If more people are working , it will give the economy a boost 
It's true that we should do something about unemployment , but what about inflation ? If unemployment falls , there's pressure to increase pay . That would result in inflation , which would result in a much less dynamic economy 
What does your father do 
He is a worker 
What about your mother 
She is a nurse 
Gucci , you look serious . I wish you ’ d let your hair down 
Really ? OK , I will try my best to be relaxed 
Linda ? Is that you ? I haven't seen you in ages 
Hi George ! It's good to see you 
What have you been up to 
I just opened up my own business not long ago 
Good for you ! What are you doing 
I'm a professional party planner here in the city . I do catering and all that 
I knew some day I would be able to profit from your love of fun 
Well , I don't know about the profit part yet . But I am really having fun 
Hello , the nurse said that you might have my test results in from the other day 
I would like for you to come in and talk about a few more tests that I would like to run 
Does this mean that you have bad news for me 
I just want to talk to you about the tests that I want to run 
Can ’ t you just tell me now 
I don ’ t know anything for certain . We always do a double check if there is a question 
I want to see you right away 
You can come in this afternoon . If you are feeling too stressed , feel free to bring a friend along 
I know for sure that something is wrong 
Don ’ t worry about a thing ; we are just taking a second look and talking 
My parents are always saying I am not good enough 
Really . What do they mean 
They say my hair is too long , my room is too dirty and I am not good enough at school 
What do you think then 
I don ’ t think they are right . I have tried my best and that's enough . It is unfair that they are always saying these thing . Sometimes I even feel deeply hurt 
I ’ d like to take this opportunity to thank you for everything you did for me 
It ’ s my pleasure . I enjoyed working with you 
I wouldn ’ t be able to make it without your help 
Then keep up the good work 
My old man always harps on me 
So does my father . I'm already used to it 
But I can't bear it , John 
How dare you say that ? What they do is just for our good 
Yeah , but he really puts blame on me 
Do you keep any pets , such as cats , dogs 
No , I'm scared of cats 
Oh , but why 
I feel they're dirty 
Hey , guys ! Did you see that sign 
No . What did it say 
There's a garage sale around the corner 
A garage sale ... that's where people check out cars , right 
What ? Cars ? Are you serious 
I'm pulling your leg , Paul . I'm a shopping queen , remember ? So of course I know what a garage sale is all about 
The bonus season is coming . How much of a bonus can I expect 
I think you will get a big bonus , because you always have high sales 
I hope so . I think you will get a big bonus too . Bonus depends on your performance and you worked overtime almost every day 
Yes , I am expecting to get the bonus . I hope we will both get the salary and bonus 
Hope so 
Can you work over tonight 
Sorry , I'm supposed to be with my son 
Okay , I'll ask Bob to cover it 
Thanks . I appreciate it 
Merry Christmas ! Mary 
Merry Christmas ! Mr Bean 
Will you come to join us at dinner this evening ? My family will be happy to see you . And father misses you very much 
Well , I would be glad to , but I have promised Tom to see his Christmas tree , and play the piano for his song tonight 
Do you like ice skating 
I have never tried it 
Then you've got to try it . Let's go to the skating rink on Thursday 
Sorry , I don't think I can 
Friday then . How about it 
Friday is great 
It's settled then 
I've got some great news for you 
did you get the position you wanted 
yes , I'll be promoted to department manager 
I'm glad to hear that . Congratulations 
thank you . Actually , I could not believe it at first . You know , there're so many outstanding people in our company . Many of them are qualified to fill that position 
sure , but you really did great and outperformed the others . You deserved it 
thank you very much 
you always have unique ideas and you're such a team leader 
I appreciate it very much . You've been doing great . I expect to see you be promoted pretty soon 
that's very nice of you to say so . I'll try my best . When will you start at the new position 
next week 
so by then , you'll be in charge of the whole department 
absolutely 
Excuse me , what's the price of a single room 
That's $ 50 for a single night 
Are meals included 
Yes , of course . Can I make a reservation for you 
Fine , I want to book one for overnight 
Daddy , I am so glad you come out with us 
Honey , I am sorry that I am too busy most of the time 
It doesn't matter . But I really haven't gone for a picnic for a long time 
What did you do last weekend 
It was boring . Just did my homework and practiced the piano 
Did you play football with other children 
Ahh , I was not available last Sunday . I was too busy almost as much as you 
Cool , we can take the football , shuttlecock and badminton racket to the park 
Hooray ! I can play football with daddy . Mom and sister can play badminton 
After that , we will have a picnic 
That's great . We can also take the dragon kite with us . After the picnic , we can fly it 
Okay , it sounds good 
Did you listen to the weather forecast 
No.Why 
There ’ s a typhoon coming 
No way 
Yep , it should be here by tomorrow night 
Jack ! You've really done it this time 
What ? What happened 
I told you to get this consignment out last week.We can't very well run a light bulb conference without any light bulbs , can we ? What am I going to do with you 
Please , give me one more chance . I'll never let it happen again . I'm very sorry 
Well , I guess I could give you one more chance , but this is the last time.In themeantime , I hear that Tom who normally does night shift is taking three weeks ' vacation , Can you think of anyone who would be willing to work nights while he is gone 
Um , me 
Bingo 
Are you still working day and night 
Not anymore . Now I work nine hours a day , and I get a good sleep almost every night . No more burning the candle at both ends 
Liz , do you have a minute 
Yes , of course . What is it 
I need you to help me set up for my presentation Thursday morning 
Okay , what should I do 
Well , it isn't at this office . It's over at the Dayton Street office.Have you been there before 
Yes , of course . I have to go there every Tuesday 
Good . So you will have no trouble finding it 
What's the presentation about 
I will talk about developing sales through our website.All the branch heads will be there , and most of the staff 
Will you need anything special for the presentation 
Well , I need the display monitor.But Tom can set that up for me on Wednesday . I will need you to help with everything else 
I suppose you need the whiteboard set up 
Good morning , room reservations . Can I help you 
Yes , my name is Peter . I have made a reservation for a single room from June 18th to June 21st . I'd like to make some changes . The reservation should only be to June 20th 
A single room from June 18th to 20th . Is that correct 
Yes 
OK . Do you need a limousine service 
That's exactly what I want . How much does it charge 
A hundred and eighty yuan for one way . We have a counter at the airport where our representative will lead you to the car 
It sounds good . I'll take that 
Thank you , sir . We look forward to serving you 
Don't take too much off . I'm trying to grow my hair longer 
How about two inches 
That sounds perfect . Do you think I can get some highlights today , too ? I've always wanted red 
I think that will over-process your hair , you should wait at least two weeks 
All right . I'll just have the cut and perm today 
Great . My assistant will wash your hair , and then I'll be back to help you 
OK 
Where should I park 
Do you have a car or motorbike 
I drive a scooter
In that case , you can park either in a student lot or on the street . Are you aware of the marked handicapped spots 
No , I haven't seen those spots 
The handicapped logo with blue means that you are not to park there unless you have a handicapped permit . Will you mostly be parking during the day or the night 
I park in the daytime 
Make sure you pay special attention to the street signs with time limits . Have you noticed those signs 
No , I have not seen the signs 
Pay attention to what the signs tell you in terms of time limits and what days you can park there . Do you know what the curb colors mean 
No , I don't know what the curb colors mean 
Just remember that red means absolutely no parking and white means loading and unloading only . I think you'll be good to go 
How long have you been in China 
A few months 
How do you think of living here 
Great ! I'm having a great time 
How did you meet your boyfriend , Cindy 
We were in the same science class last term 
Who made the first move 
I did 
Wow 
It was no big deal 
What do your parents think of your dating a boy 
They're glad that I finally got a boyfriend 
They're glad ? 
Good morning madam . What can I get you 
I ’ d like a coffee please 
Certainly madam , what kind of coffee would you like 
What have you got 
Well we have espresso , cappuccino , latte , skinny latte or Americano 
Goodness me ! What a choice ! I think I ’ ll have a cappuccino please 
Here you are . You ’ ll find the sugar just over there 
Have you heard we'll have a pay rise 
Oh , it has nothing to do with me 
It's a pity , but why 
I came here only a month ago 
Let me see your passport . Is London your final destination 
No . I am a transit passenger going to Sweden 
How long are you going to stay here 
Only one night 
Do you have any dutiable items 
No , I don't 
What are these 
They are my personal effects 
I saw an interesting program on TV last night . It was about elderly people 
And what did the program say 
It said that people with a positive attitude 7 tend to live longer and happier 
I think that many physicians 8 now agree with that idea 
And the TV program also said that physical exercise helps people deal with stress 
And the most active older people seem to enjoy some kind of physical exercise . My father is over 60 years old , and he lifts weights every day 
Would it be all right if I went home next weekend 
For What 
Well , I want to surprise my brother showing up for his birthday 
Well , that sounds like it would be OK . Just be careful 
How was your self-help trip 
Excellent . As soon as we landed , we boarded a bus to Disneyland . I love Mickey Mouse . Janet and I spent the entire first day going on all of the rides 
Didn't you feel any jet lag from the change in time zones 
I felt fine . I must have been too excited to notice 
I've never been to Disneyland . I went to Universal Studios when I was fifteen . My parents took my brother Franco and I to Los Angeles and San Francisco.Wish you and Janet love each other more 
How do you get along with your co-workers 
I get along pretty well with most of them.It seems there are always a few rotten apples in the bunch , though , Like Margaret . I don't know why management hasn't fired her yet.She ' s a terrible gossip 
Do you think management should fire someone just because they gossip 
It's not only that she gossips , but she also tries to start problems among other employees by spreading rumors and telling lies about her co-workers.She ' s not trustworthy , and in my opinion , I think she's nuts 
So how do you develop good relationships in the office 
I think one of the important things is just to be considerate of your co-workers'feelings and needs.If you are aware of other people and do your part to make a good working environment , you should be able to get along with most of the people you work with 
I think you're right , but it does seem that there are always a few co — workers that are harder to work with than others 
Do you have any sales experience 
Yes , I worked in a fashion shop as a part time salesgirl 
What kind of work are you doing now 
I'm working as an export sales staff member for a trade company 
Where are you working 
I work at Yangshi Trade Company Ltd . I have been working there since 1997 
Mm ... How do I get this ticket machine to work 
Well first put your money in 
Ok , I ’ Ve done that 
Then just press this button 
Oh it ’ s printed the ticket already . Thank you very much 
You ’ re welcome 
John , I'm sorry , the air tickets for the International Day are sold out 
Really ? I didn't expect that 
It's possible because everyone wants to travel during the holiday weekend 
I should have booked the tickets in advance 
Take it easy . I'll like you know if anyone decides to cancel his reservation 
Joanne , let ’ s not make this divorce any more acrimonious than it already is , okay ? Let ’ s just get down to business and start dividing this stuff up fairly , so we can go our separate ways , alright 
Fine with me . I just want to get this over with . It ’ s important we make a clean break . I should have signed a pre-nup 
What was that 
Nothing ! Anyway , you ’ re right , there ’ s no reason this has to be nasty.My lawyer tells me you ’ Ve accepted our alimony proposal and the division of property , as well as the custody agreement - I keep the cat and you get the dog . So that ’ s done ... finally 
Let ’ s not go there , Joanne ! Ok , so let ’ s start with the record collection , I ’ ll take the albums I contributed and you can have your cheesy disco albums back 
Fine , but I ’ m keeping the antique gramophone as my grandfather gave it to me 
I believe that was a wedding present to both of us , Joanne . And you hardly ever use it 
He ’ s my grandfather , and he never really liked you anyway 
Whatever ! Alright , I ’ ll concede the silly gramophone , if you ’ ll agree that I get the silver tea set 
How typical , when are you ever going to use a silver tea set ? Fine ! I don ’ t want to drag this out any longer than necessary . What ’ s next ? What about these old photographs 
Which ones ? Let me have a look.Wow , look at that ! That brings back memories ... That 
Our trip to Italy ! I remember that day . We were going to visit the Trev fountain , and we got caught in the rain ..
... and you looked so adorable with your hair all wet . I had to take a picture of you standing there in that little alley , smiling and laughing in the rain ..
Oh , we really did have fun back then , didn ’ t we 
Oh , Joanne , are we making a big mistake ? I know our relationship has been on the rocks for sometime but are you sure we can ’ t reconcile and try again ? I still love you 
Oh Jeff ! I love you too ! I ’ m so glad we didn ’ t have to decide who keeps the motorcycle 
The motorcycle ? But that ’ s mine 
Hey , buddy , can ’ t you see there ’ s a line 
Oh , sorry . I didn ’ t know 
What ? You haven ’ t taken the bus before 
No , I ’ m afraid not 
Well , you have to wait in line like everyone else . Besides , you should let old people on first 
Sorry 
It ’ s all right . Where are you going 
I wanted to see the White House 
Oh , well you don ’ t want this bus , anyway . It goes to Georgetown 
Oh , no 
It ’ s all right , though . Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A 
Oh , well thank you very much 
You ’ re welcome 
The music is on.May I have the pleasure to dance with you 
Sorry , I'm engaged for the foxtrot.Will the next Walls be all right 
Certainly 
Are you ready to go shopping 
Just a minute . I need to make a list of thinks that we need 
Good idea . Have you written down potatoes , carrots , and onions 
I don ’ t have onions on my list . I ’ ll add them . We should get some tea . Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get 
Let ’ s get both . We need some coffee too . Is that on your list 
Yes , it is . Here ’ s my list . Is there anything that I ’ Ve forgotten 
I think you ’ Ve got everything . I want to got some chocolate and some cheese 
What kind of cheese do you want 
I ’ m not sure . I ’ ll decide at the cheese counter , when I can see what they have . Have we got enough money 
We don ’ t have enough cash , so I ’ ll take my credit card and we can pay with that . Where are the car keys 
I ’ Ve got them there . Shall I drive 
Good afternoon , Mr Meng ! It's nice to see you today . It's been a while , hasn't it 
Hello , Miao Ping . Yes , it has . I've been in Saudi Arabia for the last 6 weeks on business . I did have a little time to relax in Dubai , though 
I envy you , Mr Meng ! What can I do for you today 
I need to effect a payment under my L / C . Not the old one , the new one my Assistant came in and dealt with last week 
Right . Do you have the code for that one 
It's DG193445782100 . Can you find it 
Here it is . Have you got the advice slip with you ? You have sufficient funds in the account , so we can go ahead 
How may I help you today 
I need to open a second account 
What kind of account would you like to open 
I need another savings account 
Do you have another account with us 
I sure do 
Would you like to transfer money from that account into your new one 
That ’ s fine 
How much would you like to transfer 
Transfer $ 100 
Give me a moment while I complete your transaction 
That ’ s fine . Thank you 
Julia , I saw two men fighting beside our door this morning 
I know them . They are the two brothers living next door 
Brothers ? Do you know why they quarreled 
It's said that the father's will caused the dissension among the two brothers 
Is there anybody acting as mediator in the dispute 
No , everyone keeps in mind that ' Don't intrude in a family dispute ' 
I'd like to order broadband internet for my laptop 
Just plug the Ethernet cable into your computer , and a prompt will tell you the payment options 
Well , I don't have an Ethernet port . My computer runs entirely on wireless service 
That's too bad . But there are several alternatives , if you want to hear them 
Yes , please ! Tell me about the alternatives 
We run a fully equipped computer lab on the first floor 
Very good . How much does that cost 
The service is free to hotel patrons . However , printing costs ten cents per page 
I see . And the other alternatives 
Alternatively , we do offer wireless in our lobby . You can bring your laptop down here 
Great ! What if I need to print something in the lobby 
You would have to use the computer lab . I'm sorry for the inconvenience 
Ms . Montgomery ? Do you have a moment 
Sure , Brian . What ’ s on your mind 
I ’ m a bit upset about this year ’ s bonus . I was really expecting a little more . Are there any problems with my work 
No , not at all , Brian . This year , we ’ Ve all had to cut back . I ’ m hoping next year ’ s going to better . I hope you can understand 
Welcome , sir , what can I do for you 
I want to buy some records 
Whose record do you want 
Are there the records of Michael Jackson 
His records have been sold out . The new copies will be available next week 
Oh . it's too late . Maybe I should go to other video stores to have a look 
It's my first time to come to Bangkok . Could you recommend some places for me 
Well , it depends on what you have 
What do you mean 
It takes only one day and you could experience almost all the famous spots in the city , I don't think you would like to miss it 
Sounds persuasive . How much will you charge for it 
50 dollars per person 
That's reasonable . Will you take care of meals for the day 
Of course . Please take it easy 
I see . May I know the schedule 
Why not 
I really like what you have . But the price for this product is much higher than we expected . I am absolutely not a buyer at that price 
I know it is not the cheapest on the market . But if you take the quality factor into consideration , you will find your company will benefit in the long term . This device is built in with the most advanced technology . Every aspect has reached the international standard . It is a worthwhile investment 
I understand that . If you can lower the price by 10 percent , we have a deal right now 
Well , the best I can do is to lower the price by 5 percent if you are willing to pay 90 % cash of front and 10 % on delivery . That is our best offer 
Err , well , I can ’ t decide right now . Do you mind if I have a small internal discussion on this first ? I will tell you our decision this afternoon 
Sure , no problem 
Here ’ s your hot dog and beer . What happened ? Did I miss anything 
Yeah , Cal Ripen just hit a home run 
What ’ s the score 
Well it was 3 to 4 , but Ripen ’ s home run made it 5 to 4 since another player was on first base 
So Baltimore is winning 
Right 
This is a really great place to watch a baseball game 
Yeah , there isn ’ t a bad seat in the place 
The fans are great here , too . Not like in Philadelphia 
It was a great idea to spend a day watching a game 
Yeah , it reminds you why they say baseball is America ’ s favorite pastime 
Hello , could I speak to Mr . Wang , the PR Director 
Yes , speaking . How can I help you 
I am calling to inquire about the position of PR manager . What requirements does the job need 
The requirements are strong communicational skills , management and work assiduously . And you have to handle the recurring crisis good-humoredly and discreetly 
What are the branches of Operations 
Operations is made up of Manufacturing , Materials , Shipping and Distribution etc 
It seems that it is a key department for providing materials and transportation 
Yes , it is 
The dress looks beautiful . Can I touch it 
I am sorry , miss , it's not allowed unless you want to buy it 
I see . What about the dress over there ? I would like to try it on 
OK , here you are . The fitting room is behind the curtain 
Did you check before you left the shop 
Yes , I did . But when I got home , my son put it on and we found the hole 
Really ? Let me have a look at it . Mm . OK . Let me change it for another one 
Thank you very much 
Good morning . Craftsman Company . Can I help you 
Yes , good morning . This is Mr . Suzuki from Video TV . May I speak to Mr . Johnson 
I'm sorry , but Mr . Johnson is out at the moment . Can I take a message 
Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I 
Yes 
From Video TV 
Yes , Video TV 
Tell him I telephoned . I'd like to see him about the videotapes . Can he call me this afternoon 
Yes , Of course . What's your telephone number 
It's , area code 413 , 447-9626 
That is 413-447-9662 
No , that's 447-9626 
Oh , I'm sorry , 447-9626 
Yes , that's right . Extension 162 
Extension 162 . Okay , Mr . Suzuki . I'll give him the message 
Thank you . Good-bye 
Good-bye 
Do you have any job placement services at EDD 
The first thing that you should check out is callous , which is a great Internet-based placement service that you can use 
What about people who don ’ t have a computer 
You can search for jobs on the computers at the EDD offices 
What else is there at the EDD offices that can help me with my job search 
We can help you find local information about available jobs and workshops 
What are the different workshops that are available at the EDD offices 
Resume Writing and Interviewing are our two most popular workshops 
Can you think of some other places where I may look for work 
Many times there are special services available to certain groups like Women at Work or job help for non-English speakers 
Hello , this is Francis from XYZ Company . I would like to discuss with you about a new project some time next week . Do you have time to meet 
Well , I am not sure . Lets me check my agenda
Ok 
I am free on Tuesday afternoon from 2 PM to 4 PM , is it convenient for you 
It is ok with me . So I will be arriving at your office around two fifteen PM 
Yes , there is . See you then 
Good morning . What can I do for you 
Good morning . I want to post this letter . Can you tell me what the postage is 
I must weigh it . Do you want to send it by ordinary or registered mail 
I want this letter registered . There is something valuable inside 
In that case , you'd better have it registered 
I think so . Would you mind telling me the postage now 
Seven dollars and fifty cents in all 
Here is ten dollars 
OK . Here are your receipt and your change 
Thank you . Goodbye 
Bye 
Hi , is this Sue 
Yes 
Sue , this is Tom Lin from Allied Trust and I'm calling to offer you a position with our firm 
What position 
Senior account rep 
How much does it pay 
It starts at $ 30,000 . S
I'm sorry but my bottom figure is $ 36,000 
Can you give me more details on what is included in the package 
Sure . The coach leaves at 6:30 a . m . , in front of our office . The drive takes eight hours , with two stops to see some sights 
What about the hotel accommodations 
You'll be staying at Holiday Inn . It's a three-star hotel with two restaurants and a swimming pool 
Great . What types of things will we do at Lushun Falls 
The second day you take a four-hour city tour . In the afternoon you go on the famous boat cruise under the falls 
Way to go ! It seems beautiful and very delicious 
Thank you.Thanks to the baker , I benefit a lot from him 
Miss Fallen , can you tell me why you want to get a visa to the States 
To study . I am going to the University of Tampa to do a postgraduate course for three years 
And do you have the Letter of Acceptance from the University with you 
Yes , here it is 
Thank you very much . And do you have any proof of the financial support for the three years 
I've got a letter from my bank here . It shows I am able to support myself during these three years of studies 
Could I see that , please 
Yes , here it is 
Thanks very much . Well , I'll be able to give you a visa for one year , a student visa , that is 
Oh , but mine is a three-year program 
Yes , it is a three-year , but you can renew the visa each year in the States . It is our usual procedure 
Okay , thank you 
Roger ? Would it be possible to meet with you to discuss my department ’ s budget 
Of course , Debbie . Let me look at my schedule , - - I have some free time on the 12th . That ’ s this Thursday at 9:00 a . m 
All right . That ’ ll be fine . Can you put together a rough idea of the kind of money I ’ ll have available for the next year 
Certainly . I ’ Ve already worked out a general budget for all the departments 
Are you going to the beach this saturday afternoon 
It depends on the weather 
The radio says it'll be fine 
That'll be great 
hello , Jason , there is going to be a screening of Final Destination 3 at our campus cinema tomorrow . I plan to go to see it 
is it a horror movie 
yeah , I love horror movies . Would you like to go with me tomorrow 
no way . I will be scared out of my wits 
that's funny , I didn't know a big fellow like you could be so soft and timid on the inside 
Hey , how could you like to taste my fist 
alright , all joking aside , what kinds of moves do you like 
Um , let me see , romance , comedy . documentary , action , science fiction , animated and so on 
that is to say , you like all genres except for horror movies 
yeah . It seems like we don't speak the same language as far as movies are concerned 
not quite . I also greatly enjoy romance and comedy 
the Notebook is this type of movie 
really ? I haven't heard of it 
well then , this could be a nice opportunity to enjoy it together . I bet you'd love it 
Ok . I can't wait to see it . Let's go 
What can I do for you 
I would like to buy two exquisite watches for me and my girlfriend 
We have many pairs for couples . Look at this counter 
This pair is Rolex , right 
You have a very good taste , this pair is the latest product 
What function does this watch have 
Both of them are luminous with a time reminder function . They don't need battery , because they can absorb energy from the sun 
Sounds good 
In addition , they are waterproof and shockproof 
How long is the guarantee 
We guarantee the quality of the product for 12 months . We also provide a worldwide warranty 
How much does the pair cost 
2,200 $ 
It is a bit expensive . But it is worth buying one's favorite . I will take them 
Mary , come here . I've found the book our teacher recommended us to buy last week 
Really ? How much is it ? Oh , it's 42 yuan ! How expensive 
You know , it is the best seller for this year . It has had its fifth impression since its publication early this year 
How come ? I have never seen such a popular book before 
Wait a minute . I found there were two printings . The paperback books must be much cheaper 
You are right . Let's buy the cheaper one 
Mom , I've got something to tell you 
So , please 
Aunt Jane buys a new bike for Tom . He is putting on grand airs 
I bought you a new one last year . Isn't it handsome 
It is great . But Tom's bike is so much better than mine 
Frankly , he is more well-behaved than you 
Nothing of that sort 
Why hasn't the bus come yet ? Every morning we have to wait for so long 
Mom , it's OK . I will buy a big car one day . It is faster than the bus 
Really ? I am looking forward to that . What about the traffic 
Let me see.Yes . I will buy a plane for you . There is no traffic up there 
It is quite important to be a good listener in the interview 
Listening carefully can show you understand and respect the speaker 
It can show your good attainment as well 
Besides , you can pick up some helpful information from the talk 
First of all , you should keep proper posture and make eye contact with the speaker with a smile 
To show that you have understood what is said , you can nod or ask simple questions at the right time 
And your statement should be clear and brief to the point 
Never should you interrupt on a unfamiliar topic 
Sure , in order not to leave a bad impression on the interviewer 
Additionally , don't show any impatience to a repeated topic 
Don't be absent-minded even when you are not interested in the talk 
In a word , any impolite behavior should be avoided in the listening 
The National Day is coming . What are you going to do during the holiday 
I have no idea 
Why don't you go sightseeing 
It isn't a good time because there must be many tourists in the scenic spots . What about your plans 
I intend to stay at home for the whole seven days and have a good rest 
It seldom rains this summer 
Yeah , some places are very short of water 
Because of pollution and other things , our environment has become worse and worse 
You see , This time I traveled to the West . When I looked out of the windows of the rain , all the lands that I could see are as dry as a bone 
It is serious 
Can I take your order 
I'll take two value meals 
What kind of drink do you want with those meals 
One Coca Cola and the other a Sprite , please 
You can super-size your meals for only three dollars extra 
Yes , I'd like that , then 
How about anything for dessert , like an apple pie or ice cream 
No , thanks . That will be it 
Is there a bookstore near here 
Yes , it's straight ahead around the corner 
Thank you very much 
When will you be able to come here 
I can't come until next week 
Okay , I'll have everything prepared for you when you get here 
Thanks , I'll see you around Wednesday then 
May I take your order 
Yes . I'd like a hamburger and a large order of french fries , please 
All right . And would you like a salad 
Yes . I'll have a mixed green salad 
OK . What kind of dressing would you like ? We have vinaigrette , Italian , and French 
Italian , please 
And would you like anything to drink 
Yes , I'd like a large soda , please 
Have you seen this 
What 
They killed another hostage 
Oh , how awful . What a terrible thing to do 
I agree completely . I just don't understand what's wrong with them . Don't they have any humanity 
Well , maybe they've got a point . I mean , I suspect that they think the same about us 
Yes , but that doesn't make them right , does it ? Just because they think so 
I guess not . My view is that we should give in to their demands , so that innocent people can stop getting killed 
Come on , you can't be serious ! We should never give in to terrorist's demands , otherwise where would we be 
Well , that's probably true , but I don't think we should be dogmatic about it . A colleague of mine was kidnapped once , so perhaps I have a different view of things 
Really ? What happened 
Well , it was in the Balkans during the war . He was only held for three days , and then they simply released him . It was a case of mistaken identity , and they just let him go when they found out he was no use to them . It was lucky they didn't kill him 
Oh , sure 
Hi , I want to check out 
Okay . Come with me 
Can I pay by a credit card 
Sorry , you can only pay cash 
OK . Here is the money 
Here's your change 
Would you wrap it for me 
Of course , I'll get right on it 
Uncle Ben , how did the Forbidden City get this name 
Well , in the feudal society , emperors had supreme power , so his residence was certainly a forbidden palace 
His residence ? You mean the whole palace 
Yes . The Forbidden City is divided into two parts . The southern section , or the Outer Court was for the emperor to exercise his power over the nation , and the northern part , or the Inner Court was for his royal family 
Oh , unbelievable . This was too luxurious 
Even the whole country belonged to him . That's why he is called the emperor 
OK , then . I love these unique structured towers with the delicate carvings on them . It's really artistic 
Yeah , the buildings and designs of the Forbidden City are the peak of Chinese traditional architecture , not only scientific but also suitable for living 
I agree . It's definitely a product of wisdom . Well , why were those small animal sculptures placed on the tops of the buildings 
Some of them are mascots and some are symbols of power 
Why are there so many yellow things ? Is yellow the lucky color in China 
Oh , no . In fact , yellow is the symbol of the royal family 
Just like the pattern dragon , right 
Exactly . Here is the Nine-dragon Screen 
Oh , it's really fabulous . I wanna take a picture here 
Sure , this will be a really good picture 
My wife is really a chatter box . It ’ s so boring 
I have an idea 
What is it 
You just turn a deaf ear when she talks 
What was the party like last night , Jean 
Not bad at all , thanks . There were one or two interesting people there.Why couldn't you come 
Well , I couldn't get away from work early . And when . I got home I had a headache , so I had to go straight to bed . But I was over-tired , because I wasn't able to get to sleep for hours 
What a shame . Why didn't you take a sleeping pill 
I don't like them . I used to take them when I had to work overtime , you know 
How many did you use to take 
Three every night 
Good heavens . Why did you take so many 
Because I was under a terrible strain . The doctor saidthey weren't very strong . Anyway , I used to feel awful the next morning 
I'm sure you did 
The doctor said I had to be careful 
He was quite right 
So I stopped drinking coffee late at night instead 
Are you free this evening , Li 
I ’ m afraid I ’ m busy tonight . I ’ m having dinner with friends 
What a pity . I wanted to go for a drink with you 
What about tomorrow ? Are you doing anything tomorrow 
No , I haven ’ t got any plans 
Shall we go out tomorrow then 
Why not ? Sounds good to me 
Lisa , I am told you did very well in your exam 
I was the only one who got a strait A in my class 
Congratulations on your success 
Thank you 
Hello , Wendy speaking 
Hi , Wendy . I ’ m Gerry 
Hi , Gerry . How can I help you 
Is Marisa in 
Yes . But she is very busy right now . Can you call her later 
All right . I ’ ll call her later 
Thanks , bye bye 
Bye 
What places does the tour include 
You will visit the Hyde Park , Poet's Corner , Tower of London , Fleet Street and Tower Bridge 
So many places I have been looking forward to . We will take part in the group 
I think you will enjoy your journey 
Can I help you , sir 
Yes , I am checking out 
Can I have your key and room number , PLS 
Room 1419 . Here is my key 
Here is your bill , sir . Could you PLS check it 
It's all right . Pls charge it to my credit card 
Here you are , sir . You are all set . I hope you enjoyed your stay and that next time you are in town , you will stay with us again 
I will . Where can I leave my luggage ? I really want to leave after lunch 
The bell captain will put it in storage room . When you are ready to leave , you can claim your luggage from him 
Thanks very much and goodbye 
Shouldn't you already be in bed 
I can't sleep . I'm really not all that tired 
You need to get some rest , as you have to get up early in the morning 
It's impossible for me to get to sleep right now 
Just close your eyes , and try not to think 
That really does not work for me 
It doesn't matter , you need to get some sleep 
How about I tire myself out , and then fall asleep when I'm tired 
Then you're not going to go to sleep 
Don't worry , I'll make sure and get to sleep in a little while 
I want you in bed , right now , so sweet dreams 
Fine . Sleep well yourself 
Thank you for seeing me . Did you look over my letter and resume 
Yes . Quite good . Perhaps you're very interested in the social benefits 
Yes , I think it is possible more important than the salary 
Really ? We would like to start you off at 2,000 yuan a month , excluding bonus and overtime pay 
Good , about the essential living conditions 
Well , we'll supply you with an apartment of a bedroom and a living room 
I see . I'm a female . Are there any special benefits for me 
Yes , in our company , the women have a two-week vacation a year , besides this , if you are a married woman , maternity leave for some months is permitted 
I think it is very necessary for us . I wonder whether I am on holiday with payment every year 
Yes , you have a paid month holiday every year 
Right . How about the unemployment compensation and the retirement pension 
Well , we are only responsible for the retirement pension . About the unemployment compensation , this will be given by the government 
Yes , I see 
Good day , what can I do for you 
Could you fill me in on the details for buying foreign currency 
Of course . Where are you planning to travel to 
Kula Lumpur , in Malaysia 
That's fine . If you are travelling outside of Mainland China , Hong Kong and Macao we need to follow the SAFE rules . This means that you can exchange 2,000 USD or equivalent 
That sounds fine . I'll bring in my passport and everything tomorrow . Thanks 
Do you have the day off today ? How come you're not at work now 
I don't have the day off . Our labor union is staging a nationwide strike today , all of the workers in our department are supporting the labor union by participating and not going in to work this week 
Are you serious ? Why would they have to go to such extreme measures like a strike ? Doesn't your company have a pretty good corporate image ? I'll bet the folks at headquarters are going nuts over something as serious as a strike ..
It happens quite often , actually.Whenever there arises a dispute between the union and the executive group , the first thing they do is to call a strike . Usually it only lasts a day or two before both sides can come to an agreement and we start work again . Anyhow , it's a nice , unanticipated holiday ..
Mon and I got in another fight , Boris 
oh , Iris ! what was it about this time 
it was over food . I simply wanted some fried chicken but she said no 
I believe she was right . You must know that fried foods contain a lot of fat 
oh , she keeps saying that . She never allows me to have them 
I think you'd better take her advice since health is the greatest wealth 
But , Boris , i am not a baby any more 
well , that's true 
how about your mother 
she also believes in healthy diet . And she requires us to have regular meals 
poor you . It seems we are in the same boat 
Oh , i am grateful for my mother on this point . her idea of healthy eating helps me a lot keeping fit 
really ? so you don't have fried food at all 
not really . I may have some occasionally for a chance . But I don't indulge myself too much 
how do you manage it 
it's pretty simple , Iris . Just keep it in mind that you're what you eat 
Have you found a new job yet 
No , not yet . I ’ m still looking . I ’ Ve been doing some work through a temp-agency though 
What kind of work 
I ’ m temping at a pharmaceutical company 
What do you do there 
Mostly office work - filing and so on 
How long is the assignment 
Till the end of the month 
Hello , my name's David Wong . I've ordered a sofa from you last Wednesday . I wonder when it will be delivered today 
Let me check ... what's your voucher number 
It's 45132 
Wait a minute , please---Mr . Wong , I'm terribly sorry . Our delivery truck had an accident today . I'm afraid your sofa won't be delivered until tomorrow 
Houston restaurant . Is there anything I can do for you 
Yes . When do you start severing dinner 
We open at 6:00 and take last orders at 10 :: 30 
Well , that's fine . So I don't think it necessary for us to make a reservation . We will be there at 9:30 
Yes , sir . We are looking forward to your coming 
They got a divorce at last 
It's inevitable . Their love wasbuilt on the sand , and this is why their marriage has landed on the rocks 
You said it . Love but on the sand will soon be on the rocks 
That give us a good lesson 
Do you feel all right ? You look Pale 
All my joints seem to hurt and I have a terrible headache 
Have you taken your temperature 
No , not yet , but I do feel a little feverish 
How long have you been feeling this way 
Only since this morning 
Oh , probably you've been working too hard 
Maybe you are right 
I'm searching for an old music box 
You came to the right place . Any particular decade 
If you had a box made in the ' 20s , that would be nice 
We just got one in yesterday , so now we have six 
Would any of them have dancing figures 
Yes , we still have two boxes left that have dancing figures 
Oh , they're both so beautiful . Let me have this one , I think 
That one truly is a beautiful piece of work , isn't it 
One last question
Oh , no . Everything we sell here is ‘ as is . 
I guess I was asking for too much 
If it breaks down , maybe you can find a repairman on the Internet 
What was the biggest turing point in your life 
I usee I would say that would be moving out of my parents ’ house for the first time 
Really ? Why is that 
Till I moved out of my parents ’ home , I became a lot more independent 
What would you say was the lowest point in your life 
That would definitely be getting a divorce 
What went wrong 
We just weren't right for each other 
How long were you married 
The marriage only lasted about a year 
Have you remarried since then 
Yes , I got married to a man that I met shortly after I divorced my first husband 
Do you think you'll ever get a divorce again 
Oh I hope not , my first marriage was a mistake , but this one isn ’ t 
How long have you been married 
About 15 years now 
Do you think you'll still love him when he is old and gray 
I think so , hopefully we ’ ll have a long and a happy life together 
I ’ m sure you will 
Hi , I'm out of here . Here's my key 
Give me just a few seconds , sir , and I'll hand you your receipt . Here you are 
Thank you 
I hope you enjoyed your stay , sir 
I only had nine little problems here . Other than that , I enjoyed my stay , and I loved the city 
I apologize again for the cockroaches , sir . I hope you have a nice trip home 
do you like animals 
yes , doesn't everyone 
what's your favorite animal 
it's hard to say . While dogs are more affectionate , cats are much easier to take care of 
have you ever had a dog 
when I was little , we had a few domestic dogs at home 
they always say that dogs are a man's best friends . do you think that's true 
definitely . rich or poor , dogs always love their masters 
how about cats ? Have you ever had one for a pet 
i had one a few months ago , but she ended up running away 
how did that happen 
she left through a window that was open one night and never returned 
you must have been devastated 
i was pretty sad . i still hope that she'll return some day 
I hope she does . Do you think you'll ever get another pet 
I think I will . It's difficult to feel longly when you have a pet around 
i hope your cat finds its way back home 
i do , too 
Good afternoon . This is Michelle Li speaking , calling on behalf of IBA . Is Mr Meng available at all 
This is Mr Meng speaking , Michelle 
Oh , hello ! Sorry about that . I'm just calling to say that we've received your new Corporate Credit Card from HQ 
That was quick ! I wasn't expecting it until later this week 
Yes , our application procedures have speeded up since we started using the new fast-track system 
Shall I come in and collect it 
Or we can send it to you . But if you would like to use it at the ATM , you'll need to wait for your PIN number 
Mmmm ... if I come in and collect it this afternoon , is there any way I could use it today ? Petty cash is getting low , so I need to draw some money 
As long as you bring your ID , etc , we can serve you over the counter . But you won't be able to use the ATM until your new PIN number arrives 
I see . Yes , that's fine . I'll be there at around 2:30 pm . See you later , and thanks 
Hello . I would like to make a reservation at 8: 00 
OK , sir . How many are coming 
4 . By the way , what's your dress code 
We require a jacket and tie 
I see . Thank you 
Can I be of any service to you 
I've been told that Chinese arts and crafts are famous for their excellent workmanship . We'd like to take some home . What would you recommend 
There are over a thousands kinds of articles in our shop.For example , there is tricolored pottery originating in the Tang Dynasty , embroidery , batik , jade carving , just to name a few.Do you have anything in mind 
No , not really.But I think it should be something distinctively Chinese . And easy to carry 
I would suggest you buy paper-cuts , embroidery and batik.They are very easy to carry 
So , we'd like to see some embroidery 
Dan , Dan , dude . You have to come over to my house right now 
Is everything OK 
Just get over here ! Come in ! Quickly 
So , since when is your house a bank 
What do you mean 
I mean , what ’ s up with the locks and iron bars on your windows 
Security , Dan , security ! You can never be too safe you know ! A lot of sickos out there . Just the other day they caught that peeping tom red handed ! Had a high power telescope and binoculars by his window 
What ’ s the matter with you ? Why are you acting all paranoid 
Paranoid ? I ’ m not paranoid ! I ’ m cautious ! You see Dan , we have to be on guard at all time ! People just invade your privacy as if they knew you ! Telemarketers , solicitors , even your bank ! They have way too much information ! I like to keep everything on a need to know basis 
OK , well , what did you want to see me about 
You are being watched ! Be careful Dan ! Be careful 
I want to join in the bus tour 
Yes , sir 
Will the bus pick up the tourists from hotels 
Of course . You don't have to come here and we will drop you off at your hotel 
Woo , that's quite convenient 
Nice to meet you , sir . I come from New Times Clothes Company . We learnt that your exhibits on the Trade Fair in Shanghai this month were marvelous . Would you please quote the price 
Before we discuss the price , may I ask you what kind of exhibits you are interested in 
Your summer clothes for white-collar and men's jackets 
Can you give us a rough idea of the quantity you require ? It is generally known that the price varies according to the quantity 
That is to say , 10000 sets for the one of white-collar and 5000 for men's jackets 
In that case , our offer for the white-collar series is US $ 200 , and the other is US $ 300 per set 
Do you quote CIF or FOB 
We usually quote on a CIF basis and a commission of five percent for you . You will find our price is most competitive 
What are your terms of payment 
Letter of credit at sight 
Another question . Could you tell me the earliest possible time of shipment 
Within a month after your letter of credit reaches us 
Well , I got all the point . All the decision will be made since I get the approval from my supervisor 
OK ! I expect you to accept our general terms and conditions of trade . We believe that through our cooperation , large transactions will be brought to speedy conclusion 
Mary , would you like to get something to eat with me 
OK . When 
At 10 o'clock 
10 in the morning 
No , at night 
Sorry , that's too late . I usually go to bed around 10:00 PM 
OK , how about 1:30 PM 
No , that's too early . I'll still be at work then 
How about 5:00 PM 
That's fine 
OK , see you then 
Alright . Bye 
Excuse me , I need to get to Cambridge today 
Would you like to go by train or by bus 
I am not sure , which one is better 
The bus is cheaper but also slower . It will take about two-and-a-half hours 
And how long does the train take 
If you take the fast train , it will take about 50 minutes 
Where do I catch the train 
The trains for Cambridge leave from King's Cross Station . They run approximately every half hour . Most trains to Cambridge go from Platform 9 
How do I get to King's Cross 
The best way is to take an underground tube train directly to King's Cross . The Underground station is just round the corner from here 
Can you show me on the map 
It is very easy . Just turn right when you leave and then turn right again at the first crossroads . The entrance to the Underground station is about 50 meters further on 
Thank you very much 
You're welcome 
What a beautiful day 
It is really gorgeous out today . I remembered the weatherman said it is supposed to rain 
I heard that it's supposed to get up to 90 degrees Fahrenheit today 
Really ? That's unusual for October , isn't it 
Well , you could never tell about the weather here in New York 
Yes , that's true . Still , it's hard to believe . Yesterday our high was only 50 degrees Fahrenheit 
Did you vote yesterday 
I sure did 
What candidate did you vote for 
I voted for Obama 
I ’ m shocked he actually won 
I knew he would win 
How ’ d you know 
He was the best candidate this year 
What about him being black 
I guess America is finally maturing 
I think you have a point 
Is Mr . Thomas there , please 
Sorry , I can ’ t hear you . Could you please speak up a little 
I said , is Mr . Thomas there 
Pardon ? The line is bad . Don ’ t hang up please . I ’ ll have the call transferred to another line 
Are you tired 
Not really 
Why aren't you doing your homework 
I'll do it later , Dad . I must prepare the concert on Saturday 
Oh , is it ? You'll be making records next , will you 
We hope so 
You'd better get on with your homework ! You can practice on Sunday 
Oh dad . You don't understand at all 
I certainly could . You'll get exams next month 
I don't need it to play the guitar 
Oh , don't you ? God save me 
I'm sorry 
Steve , you look pale . What happened 
I didn't sleep a wink last night 
Did you have something on your mind ? You look so concerned . Maybe I can help you 
Well , I am under a lot of pressure . My boss is very pushy . He assigned me three projects . Now the deadlines are near , and I still have not finished all of my projects 
Is there anything I can do to help you 
Well , I guess no one can help me but myself . For the moment , I just need someone to talk to , so that I can relieve my stress 
Mom , can you talk about the philosophy of life with me 
You got me on that one 
Who's singing in your home , Jim 
It's Ellie and her friends 
Who's Ellie 
She's my little niece.It ' s her birthday.They ' re singing " Happy Birthday " 
Oh , I see.how old is she 
She's ten 
I suppose they're playing games 
Oh , yes.Ellie was playing games all day yesterday.By the way , Alice , when's your birthday 
Today 
Today 
Yes 
Well , imagine that ! How old are you 
Eighteen.Some friends are having a birthday party for me tonight.Do you want to come 
Very much.What time 
About 6 
I'll be at your house at about five thirty.Happy birthday 
You look upset.What ' s wrong 
Nothing . It's just one of those days . Everyone at the office is sick and I'm getting blamed for work not being done 
Maybe you need a vacation or something , or maybe a bonus 
I'm sick of doing other people's job and getting blamed for not doing it right 
Why don't you talk to your boss about it ? If you talk to him , he will surely understand 
I wish he could understand . You know what , if this goes on , I think I will get stick like everybody else 
All the routine work really browns me off 
Oh , come on.You ' Ve just started 
I wish I hadn't chosen this job 
How do you get road news 
I've a driver mate in my car 
So you have all the news on broadcast 
Yes , it's so helpful 
I would suggest roast beef , sir 
All right , roast beef , please.And I'd like to start with soup 
We have clear and cream soup at your choice.Which one do you prefer 
Clear soup , please 
I need to buy a bus pass 
What kind of bus pass would you like to buy 
What are the different kinds 
You can get a day , weekly , monthly , or student pass 
Could I get a student pass , please 
Sure , can I see your student ID 
Sure , here it is 
Very good 
How much for the pass 
It's free , but the monthly sticker is $ 24 
Okay , I'll take it 
Thank you for your purchase 
You are welcome 
Is there a bus tour 
Yes , of course . We have day tour and night tour . Which one are you more interested in 
I'd prefer the night tour 
You are smart . The city is really charming at night 
Now please tell me something about your achievements in your work unit 
All right . In my first teaching position I received the Excellent Teaching award the past two years in succession 
Have you received any other honors 
Yes . I was chosen as one of ' the Top Ten Prominent Youths of Beijing ' in 2002 
Do you have anything published 
Yes . I have got two articles in English in The International Youth Writer's Collection 
So what did you think about the movie 
Well , I think this Star Wars episode is an excellent piece of work , but not as good as the previous ones 
Really ? I don't agree . This Star Wars episode was incredible 
Why do you think so 
Well , one of the most spectacular things about this one was the special effects . State of the art special effects are the main reason for the success of previous episodes , so audiences have high expectations for this one , and I don't think they will be disappointed 
You are right . The special effects were amazing . And I like the fact that they created so many fantastic settings and otherworldly costumes , weapons and creatures 
It's kind of cool that they are still using the same Star Wars theme song for this movie 
Yeah ! It reminds me of the previous Star Wars scenes 
I know exactly what you mean . Hearing that song gives me a nostalgic feeling 
I thought the overall plot of the movie was very interesting , but I don't think the character development was that strong 
Do you think that they had anything to do with the casting of the movie 
No , the casting is great and the actors were excellent . They just didn ’ t have a lot of funny or meaningful dialogues . The writing was also a little weak 
Well , maybe . But I like the little kid who played Manakin Skywalker . I can't imagine anyone else playing that role 
I liked him too . He is so cute ! You know , even though I was slightly disappointed , I can't wait for the next episode . I wonder when they ’ re going to start making it and when it ’ s scheduled for release 
I've no idea . But looking at the success of Star Wars episode , I've a strong feeling production for the next episode will be selling pretty soon . I hope It will be even better than this one 
I hope so , too 
Well , I think we should go now . It's getting pretty late 
Okay , let's go 
How do I know what forms to fill out for unemployment 
There is a special form to apply for unemployment benefits 
How do I get the form to apply for unemployment benefits 
You can go online to begin the application process 
What type of information will I have to provide to the Employment Development Office 
You need to be able to say whom you worked for and when 
Will they need anything else from me 
You should be able to provide a layoff notice or proof of severance 
What should I do after I turn in the application 
You need to be interviewed over the phone . They will set up a time for you 
Are you going abroad to study 
I'll have to think about it 
Hello . Excuse me . Do you know if there's a Commercial Bank around here 
Yes , go straight along Beijing Road and turn right 
Straight on , and turn right . Is it far 
No , it's just a couple of minutes 
Thanks very much 
You're welcome 
I ran into a glass door yesterday 
What a bone head ! Be careful next time 
I'm really happy that you came to visit me 
I really missed you a lot 
I've been missing you like crazy 
I don't understand why you haven't come to visit me 
Lately , I've been quite busy 
Tell me what you've been up to 
I've really been working a lot lately 
I've been pretty busy myself 
So what have you been up to 
I've just been working a lot 
Whatever the reason may be , I'm glad you visited me 
I'm glad I did too 
Hello ! Tomorrow I'm going to need a wake-up call 
Not a problem . What time shall we call you 
I always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen 
It'll be our pleasure . We'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen 
Oops , cancel that . Change the second call to 7 thirty will you , please 
No sooner said than done . Can I help you with anything else 
No , that's about it for now . Thanks 
Okay , sir . Have a pleasant evening 
What games do you like 
I like word games 
How about a game of bridge 
I don't like it at all 
What about guessing games 
I'm not one for the games 
Let's play other game 
What about playing go 
OK 
That man's really a bore to me 
Which one do you mean 
The man with his hair cropped 
I ’ Ve lost my purse 
Oh , dear . What was in it 
All my money 
Well . Go to the police station and see if it ’ s there 
Fairly warm this morning , isn't it 
You're right.The air is so warm and everything looks so fresh and green 
Say , how about a walk along the river 
Marvelous idea 
I have lots of friends 
Really ? How many do you have 
I don't know , maybe one hundred 
That is a lot of friends . Do you have a best friend 
Of course . I have lots of best friends 
How many best friends do you have 
I think about twenty-five 
Hmm . I have only one best friend 
I feel sorry for you 
I have only a few friends 
You must be lonely . I will share my friends with you 
That's very nice of you 
That's a very nice pair of glasses 
Does it really look OK 
Yes , and I like the color too . It matches your eyes 
And I got it on sale 
That's incredible 
Merry Christmas 
Huh 
I said Merry Christmas ! Don ’ t you know that Christmas is almost here 
It is ? Oh , that ’ s nice 
Huh ? Didn ’ t you know ? Aren ’ t you excited 
Actually , I ’ d forgotten about it 
Forgotten about it ? How could you 
Because I ’ m not Christian , I ’ m Jewish 
Oh , I ’ m sorry . I didn ’ t know 
It ’ s all right . There are so many Christians in America that everybody takes it for granted that I ’ m Christian 
I guess so . So what do you do around this time of year 
Well , I ’ ll celebrate Hanukah soon , but that ’ s not as important to us as Christmas is to you . Mainly I ’ ll just enjoy the holiday break 
Well , would you be horribly offended if I invited you to a Christmas party at my house 
Not at all . A party is a party . I ’ ll be happy to come 
Mom , where are you going 
I am going to buy some food to cook for supper 
Good . I wanna come with you 
How strange ! Our little emperor now asks to help out with shopping 
We learnt about vegetables and meat at school . But I never see the real thing 
Wow , that's something new . Let's go ! What's this , honey 
Er , is it cabbage 
Cabbage ? Is that what they teach at school now ? OK , honey , it's spinage 
Yeah , I know , this is Popeye's favorite food 
There we go 
Mom , come here . I know this , it is carrot , am I right 
Bingo ! It's dark outside , Let's hurry up 
I ’ d like to ask whether it is correct to partake in the firm ’ s insurance plan 
If you want my advice , you won ’ t invite yourself any risk 
But people keep talking about the benefits from the plan 
You must be new 
As a matter of fact , I am 
Have you just started college 
No . I transferred here from a different school 
What school 
I transferred here from PCC 
Do you like it here 
I really like it here so far 
Do you like it better here or at PCC 
I like PCC better 
If that ’ s the case , then why did you leave 
I graduated and I'am working towards my next degree 
Hello , Ken 
Hello , George 
Have you just been to the cinema 
Yes , I have 
What ’ s on 
Paris in the Spring 
Oh , I ’ Ve already seen it . I saw it on television last year . It ’ s an old film , but it ’ s very good 
Paris is a beautiful city . I have never been there . Have you ever been there , Ken 
Yes , I have . I was there in April 
Paris in the spring , eh 
It was spring , but the weather was awful . It rained all the time 
Just like dear old London 
I'd like to book a ticket to Shanghai 
When would you like to fly 
As soon as possible . Do you have a flight tomorrow 
I will check , please hold on . Sorry to say that flight is all booked up . Can I book you for the 3rd of September 
That will be OK 
How many people are there in your party 
Just me this time 
What class will you fly ? First class ? Business class ? Or economy class 
Economy class will be fine 
Round trip or one way trip 
I would like to book a one way trip ticket 
How will you pay , cash or charge 
I would like to pay by check 
I am sorry , we do not accept checks 
I'll pay by charge card then 
Great . What name shall I put the reservation under 
Lucy Green 
You are booked , Ms . Green 
Thanks a lot 
It's a pleasure 
How about this opera given by the famous musician 
Fair to middling . A little hard to appreciate 
I want to try my hand at the stocks 
It is very hard , you know 
Don ’ t worry . I know there are no pennies from heaven . I will work hard 
Good luck 
Is there someone I can talk to about a payment question 
Yes , we can handle that here . How can I help you 
My paycheck that just arrived is less than last week ’ s check 
Did you work at all during the last pay period 
Yes , actually , I did make a little bit of money 
Did you report it on your Continued Claim Form 
Yes , I showed that income on the Continued Claim Form 
Well , we deducted a portion of the income that you made from this week ’ s check 
Maybe I just shouldn ’ t show the income then 
That is cheating and , if you get caught , you will be fined and disqualified from collecting unemployment 
What's taking you so long 
Don't worry . I'm almost finished 
I need you to hurry up 
All right . I'm finished 
I think there's more you need to do 
What do you mean by that 
My hair looks awful 
What don't you like about it 
I just don't like my hair 
I'm sorry that you don't like it 
I won't be paying you for this 
I'm sure we can work something out 
What type do you have in your mind 
A compact please . What's the daily rate for that car 
Thirty dollars a day 
Does the rate include the cost of gas 
No , you have to pay it by yourself 
Hi , Fanny 
Hi , Andy 
Are you feeling OK ? You sound a little tired this morning 
I did not sleep much last night . I really feel bad . It was a crazy night 
What happened 
I had a bad dream . I was walking alone in the graveyard , and suddenly all the ghosts jumped out of their graves . They began to chase me through the graveyard and shouted that they wanted my blood 
Oh , what a nightmare ! Then what happened 
My mother woke me up . She had heard me crying out for help 
You have got a great mother 
I felt embarrased . After all , I am 18 years old . Mom gave me some chocolate cookies and a glass of milk 
That sounds good 
Yeah , but i was afraid to fall back asleep . I am worrying about getting into the University of Michigan 
Me too . But I tell myself that if they don ’ t accept me , another school will 
What type of people do you work with most effectively 
I tend to work well with people who are confident and straightforward.It ' s more difficult for me to be around timid people , because I move quickly and I am decisive 
What things impress you in your colleagues 
I admire and work best with people who are of good character and integrity . I also think confidence and enthusiasm is positive in any business environment 
What are some of the things your supervisor did that you disliked 
The only thing I really don't like is to get feedback in front of others . I want to hear good and bad feedback in private , so that I have time to think and react to the issue without other distractions . I believe that's the fair way to improve learning or to change future behavior 
How do you organize and plan for major projects 
I love to brainstorm a best , worst , and most likely scenario.Then , I set a timetable that's realistic.What I usually find is that some combination of my schedule easily as these things unfold because I've already visualized what could happen and how I'd react 
Describe an experience when you had to work under great pressure 
I had to complete an end of quarter report once while I was on the road for two consecutive weeks.The amount of telephoning back and forth was incredible , because I could't bring my office files with me.Luckily I had a great secretary and a logical filling system , so we located everything we needed 
How do you manage your time in a typical day 
I've always given priority to work with established clients , because they offer a better risk / return value.The last thing I do is general correspondence , especially internal correspondence , which I take care of at the end of the day or week 
Describe a time when you acted on someone's suggestion 
I changed my open office hours because several of my employees found it difficult to visit me except in the early mornings 
Excuse me ? Do you have anything for a carsickness 
Yes , but you look fine 
Oh , it's for my brother . The little boy over there . He is getting a carsickness 
Poor boy ! But don't worry . Here are two pills made in Germany . It's really effective . He will be just fine 
Thank you so much 
Take some with you next time , just in case 
Sorry to interrupt , but my brother is still sleeping 
You mean the boy who felt carsick just now 
Yes . It's so strange that he slept all the time after taking the pills 
Oh , sorry , maybe I gave you the wrong medicine 
What 
It's just sleeping pills made in America which is also very good . But don't worry . It has no undesirable side-effects 
I see 
What did the boss say 
He asked me if I'd like to be a newspaper salesperson 
You are still student so I don't think you should have time for that 
Don't worry about that . He said I can do that at spare time . Anyway , it's just a part-time job 
Okay , then . What kind of newspaper he wants you to sell 
It's a weekly newspaper named Olympic English . So I need to be here only on Sunday 
Sounds interesting . Especially that we are Olympic Volunteers 
That's exactly what I am thinking about , And also it's a good way to get social experiences 
And a good way to get some pocket money 
Let's do it together 
I'll say yes . Wait a minute . I need an IC card 
For what ? You have a telephone at home , don't you 
Yes , but I don't want my Mom to tap my phone when I call Clive 
How do I submit an expense report 
You need all your receipts for reimbursement 
You mean I have to attach the receipts with the expense report 
Yes , here is the form for an expense report . Fill it out and give it to me . I ’ ll get it signed for you 
Professor , do you have a few moments when I could meet with you 
I schedule my appointments from two to four on Saturday ; what works best for you 
Three would be a good time 
Great , do you need directions to my office 
I'm not sure 
Well , just make sure to go through the double doors , and I'll be on the right 
OK , I'll find it 
It's very easy to find 
See you then 
I will enjoy seeing you ; have a good week 
Good afternoon . Can I help you 
Is Ms April Wang available at the moment 
I'm sorry , Sir . She's currently away at our sub-branch . Is there anything I can help you with 
I hope so . I'm in the process of applying for a credit card with you , and Ms Wang asked me to drop off these documents 
Let me take a look ... ID , yes , form completed , yes , well , it looks in order , Sir 
Do you need anything else from me 
We do require a deposit before we can issue you with a personal credit card 
No problem . How much ? If I don't have enough on me , I'll pop over to the ATM and draw some 
The minimum deposit is 1,500 RIB . But you will need to pay some small additional handling charges as well 
I think I can manage that . Let's see ... yes , here we are 
Should I ask Sara to the party 
I would if I were you 
Your prices seem a little high 
We could make it lower for you . What's your counter-offer 
We make a counter-offer to you of $ 150 per metric ton F . O . B . London 
If you order in large lots , we'll accept the price 
OK . We will increase our order 
All right , as a token of friendship , we accept your counter-offer 
I'm glad that we've settled the price 
What kind of job do you intend to do 
I want to do some management job since I have three-year's work history 
What are your plans if you were hired 
I would apply my specialty and experience to my job and gradually move up to the management level in this company 
Taxi 
Where would you like to go 
Please rush me to the railway station
Get in and close the door 
Can you speed up a bit 
Sorry . The road is too crowded 
But I have no time to lose 
But I can't help it 
Can you drop me off here 
Sorry . We mustn't stop here 
Can I help you , madam 
Yes , would you keep our bags until 6pm 
Are you all our guests 
Yes we checked on just now 
Please fill in this form 
Is this all right 
So you're leaving this evening , we ’ ll keep your bags until 6pm , here is you tag 
Thanks a lot 
Excuse me , I'd like to have these pants I bought here yesterday altered . Here's my receipt 
Certainly , sir . What would you like done to them 
They're a little bit too long , so I'd like about half an inch taken off them 
All right , sir . They should be ready for you by tomorrow afternoon 
Thank you very much 
It's our pleasure 
John ? It ’ s Susan Miller 
Hi , Susan . What ’ s up 
Do you know where that memo about office procedures is ? I want to give my secretary a copy 
I ’ m sorry . I have no idea . I haven ’ t seen that for ages 
Hi , dear , I've got your voice at last 
Hi , darling , I am thinking it is the time of your calling 
Are you OK today 
Quite good except thinking of you so much 
So do I . You are a beautiful flower in my mind 
It's called love is blind , I think 
Hi , can I speak with the apartment manager , please 
Hello , this is the apartment manager speaking 
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street 
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment 
I would love to see it 
Are you free today at around 6 p . m . 
Yes , I will be able to make it then 
Well , I'll see you at 6 p . m . Do you know how to get there 
I used to live in that area 
I'll give you an application form when I see you 
That sounds good . Do I need to bring anything 
No . Just bring yourself 
Good afternoon , Johnson 
Good afternoon , Mary . How's business 
Not bad , thanks 
Read Jimmy's card to me please , Janey 
I have just arrived in Scotland and I'm staying at a Youth Hostel 
Eh 
He says he's just arrived in Scotland . He says he's staying at a Youth Hostel . You know he's a member of the Y . H . A 
The what 
The Y . H . A . , mun . The Youth Hostel's Association 
What else does he say 
I'll write a letter soon . I hope you are all well 
What ? Speak up , Janey . I'm afraid I can't hear you 
He says he'll write a letter soon . He hopes we are all well . Love , Jimmy 
Is that all ? He doesn't say very much , does he 
He can't write very much on a card , mum 
I need some mascara . Do you have good thickening mascara 
Of course . Here is our thickening mascara . We also have mascara designed to lengthen the eyelashes 
Alright . And I want to consider your eye shadow too . Do you have a color chart can look at 
We have a very wide selection of colors . And our eye shadow is specially designed to moisturize the skin . So it is very gentle on your eyelids . Would you like to sample some 
Oh , sure I will need to clean off my own eye shadow first 
I can help you with that 
Thank you 
Good afternoon Miss.Are there plane tickets to San Francisco on the day after tomorrow 
Good afternoon Sir . I'll have a look at the time-table for you . I'm sorry but there aren't any direct flights available 
Are there tickets for Saturday then 
Yes there are.How do you want to go , First class or coach 
I'll need a coach open return . What's the fare 
It is 260 dollars 
What time will the flight put me there 
The flight will get you there at six Sunday morning 
OK I'll take three . What's the flight number 
The flight number is 301 at Gate Two 
Can I see your ticket please 
Here you are 
Ok , Mr . Smith . Do you have any bags to check 
Just this one 
And would you prefer a window seat or an aisle seat 
Aisle , please 
Boarding time is ten 20am 
What ’ s the gate number 
Gate 29C . Have a nice flight 
Steven , we are preparing a martial arts show for the New Year's party . Would you like to join us 
I'd love to ! But I have never learned martial arts , and there is only a month left before the New Year 
That's OK . A month is enough for you to learn the basic movements . It would be great to have you with us on the show 
Sounds great ! Shall I learn the actions that Jet Li did in the movies 
No . You know , there are many schools and styles of kung fu . What we will perform is a set of Chinese shadow boxing 
Whatever ! I'm glad to learn something of Chinese kung fu . Thanks for asking me 
Thank you for joining us ! Now let's see some pictures and know more about kung fu 
Good 
What can I do for you 
I'd like to have a sightseeing tour in South Africa . Do you provide a package tour 
Yes , sir 
What interesting places shall we visit 
We'll visit the generally well-known spots 
How many days shall we spend on the trip 
Five days ' time will be OK 
Sounds good 
My name is Mary , and I will be your waitress tonight 
Thank you , Mary . We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant 
Before your main course , would you like to order an appetizer 
Sure , that sounds great . Where are your appetizers listed 
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table 
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good . Is that pretty good 
You know , that is one of my favorites 
OK , I'll take one order of that 
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share 
Perfect ! Please add on an order of onion rings 
Room service , is there anything I can do for you 
Yes , I am afraid there are not enough outlets 
Well , we have 6 for each room 
Yes , but 4 of them are broken . Can you send someone here 
OK sir , please wait a minute 
How's your thesis going 
Don't mention it . The thesis due date is coming , but my thesis isn't even close to being done 
I've finished the first draft , but the professor said it's poorly written . I have to rewrite it . it's so depressing 
Don't worry . Anyway , you are better than me 
Veronica ! Veronica ! Veronica ! Are you OK 
Steven ! What ’ s going on ! Who were those guys ? I didn ’ t know you have a gun ! What ’ s going on 
I will come clean as soon as we get to safety , OK ? For now , you have to trust me , please ! I would never do anything to hurt you 
Steven , I ..
I haven ’ t been completely honest with you Veronica , I ’ m sorry . I ’ m not a fireman . I ’ m not even from the United States . I ’ m a spy for the Indian government 
What ? Why didn ’ t you tell me before ? What are you doing here 
When I was a young boy , I used to play cricket my father back in my hometown of Hyderabad . It was a peaceful town , and my father was a renowned chemist . One day , he was approached by members of the CIA , claiming that my father had made the discovery of the millennium in his small lab back at the university where he taught bio-chemistry . I never saw him again . I vowed to discover the whereabouts of my father and consequently joined the Indian Intelligence Bureau 
What does that have to do with those men shooting at us ? Most importantly , why did you lie to me 
I ’ m sorry , I wasn ’ t supposed to meet you . I wasn ’ t supposed to fall in love with you , but you have to believe me when I tell you that what I feel for you is real 
I can ’ t believe this ! Why are all these things happening to me ! I can ’ t take it anymore ! Let me out of the car 
Veronica , wait 
Excuse me , sir . Is this a duty-free shop 
Yes , you can draw your tax back at any customs in the EU 
Well , I am afraid I don't bring my passport with me today . Can you save it for us until tomorrow 
No problem , sir 
I need to order new business cards 
Do you have any idea how many you'd like 
I think 2,000 would be enough 
Would you fill out this form , please 
I don't want to make any changes to my old card 
If you detect any difference , I'll take you out to dinner 
... Okay , that's it . Here's the form , and here's my old card to use as a model 
Thank you . Your order will be ready seven days from now 
I need it sooner . Let me have it in three days , okay 
We can certainly give you faster turnaround , but it will cost you extra 
ABC Company , my name is Lucy . How can I help you 
Hello , Lucy , this is Monica . I ’ m calling for the accountant position . I saw the information about the vacancy on your company ’ s website . Is it still available 
Thank you for your interest . The position is still available . Have you already sent your CV to us 
No , not yet . First , I want to check about the availability and see if you could give more information 
It is urgent for us to fill this position now and I would like to stress that English is a must because of the international contacts and most likely traveling abroad very soon . If all these is not problem for you , I recommend you to mention these in your cover letter and send it to me directly 
The notification period of my current job is not that long and I ’ m quite profession to English and I am happy with the traveling abroad as I ’ m good dealing with the people from other cultures . It makes the whole job even more interesting . I will send my resume to you still this week 
The consignments of chemical instruments have just reached us . We have to lodge a claim against you for inferior quality I am afraid 
Is there anything wrong 
We bought 1,000 sets of chemical instruments from you , but there are 40 not up to the standard 
It's hard for us to believe it . Our instruments have been the best quality for years . Have you any reliable evidence 
Here is the survey report from a well-known public surveyor in London . You may inspect the defective instruments personally
Well . According to the contract , we are responsible for repairing or replacing those defective instruments . We ’ ll send our technicians to repair them 
Forty faulty instruments means that 4 % are not up to the standard . You should compensate us for 4 % of the total account on the contract , as well as for the inspection fee 
I am sorry about the quality problem , but I propose we compensate you for 3 % of the total value apart from the inspection fee 
All right . In that case we are still willing to do business with you 
Excuse me 
May I help you 
Yes , I'd like to send this book to France 
Let me weight it first . That'll be 14 dollars 
Can it go in an envelop 
Of course , it's 4 dollars now 
Do I need stamps 
No , you don't . We use computers now 
When will it arrive 
In a month 
We've got a new manager in our department 
Oh ? You hoped to get that job , didn't you 
Yes , I did 
I'm sorry . That's too bad . Who is it ? Who got the job , I mean 
Someone called Drexler . Carl Drexler . He's been with the company onlytwo years . I've been here longer . And I know more about the job , too
Hmm . Why do you think they gave it to him and not to you 
Because I'm the wrong sex , of course 
You mean you didn't get the job because you're a woman 
Yes , that was probably it ! It isn't fair 
What sort of clothes does he wear 
A dark suit . White shirt . A tie . Why 
Perhaps that had something to do with it 
You mean you think I didn't get the job because I come to work in jeansand a sweater 
It's possible , isn't it 
Do you really think I should wear different clothes 
Well . . . perhaps you should think about it 
Why should I wear a skirt ? Or a dress 
I'm not saying you should . I'm saying you should think about it . That's all 
Why should I do that ? I'm good at my job ! That's the only important thing 
Hmm . Perhaps it should be the only important thing . But it isn't . Not in this company 
Excuse me , but can you tell me the way to the Today Mall 
Yes , go down the fifth street . You won't miss it 
How long will it take me to get there 
It's only about 10 minutes ' walk 
Thank you very much 
What is your long-term goal in this career 
My long-term goal is to become an expert in this field 
What would you do to achieve that 
In order to achieve that objective . I would work step by step and make further study 
I am so sorry that I must be off now . My girlfriend told me I must arrive at her home in ten minutes or she will break up with me 
She can cope with it . Don ’ t be such a wimp 
May I speak to Mr . Baker 
I ’ m afraid he's not in 
Will you ask him to call me collect when he ’ s back 
Certainly . May I ask who ’ s calling , please 
Yes , this is Cindy Wang of A & B Trading Company in New York 
Northward Airlines . Can I help you 
Hello . I'd like to reconfirm my flight , please 
May I have your name and flight number , please 
My name is Daniel Adams and my flight number is 374 
When are you leaving 
On May 11th 
And your destination 
Buenos Aires 
Hold the line , please . ( ... ) All right . Your seat is confirmed , Mr . Adams . You'll be arriving in Buenos Aires at 4 o'clock p . m . local time 
Thank you . Can I pick up my ticket when I check in 
Yes , but please check in at least one hour before departure time 
What's holding us back on the plant expansion project ? We were supposed to see the specs on that ages ago.Why haven't I heard anything about it ? Did the whole project just vanish into thin air 
No , sir . The plant expansion project has been delayed.There was a snag up in the fling process to get the necessary construction permits.It seems that the property we were slated to build on is also habitat for some endangered indigenous species 
You're joking , right ? No wonder we've been tied up with this project . I know the environmental impact statement will take forever to get approval if they've found anything endangered on the site . Are they positive there is evidence of endangered species actually living there 
The environmental review board has a team on it now.Hopefully we'll know more by the end of the week 
Have you had any experience with sales work 
Yes , I have . In fact , I had worked for a foreign trade company for nearly two years , where I established business ties with several firms 
What exactly did you do at that company 
Visit customers , dispatch consignments and things like that 
Did you like your work 
Yes , I did 
But when and why did you leave the company 
I left it two months ago . I didn't think I could learn much there , and there were not many opportunities for self-development 
I see . Why did you choose our company 
I've been informed that there are many opportunities to develop myself in your company . Besides , I grew up in a city in the Northeast . I have lots of acquaintances in the region , which might help to push sales 
Hello , I'd like to open an account 
Which account would you like to open 
I'd like to open a savings account . What's the interest rate now 
It is 3.2 % . You may earn a little interest on money 
Is there any minimum deposit for the first time 
Yes , the opening minimum deposit is 1,000 Yuan 
What about the later deposits 
For the later deposits , you can deposit any you want . Even one Yuan is OK 
OK , that's good 
Your ID , please 
Here you are , a thousand Yuan and my ID 
Wait a moment , please ... Here is your bankbook . Keep it well please 
Thanks . I will 
We'd like some local-flavored pastry . Can you recommend some 
How about some Zongzi 
What is that 
Well , it's a pyramid-shaped dumpling made from glutinous rice wrapped in reed leaves 
That sounds appealing . OK , we will have that 
Do you want some stuffed bun ? It's delicious , too 
OK . We will try some 
Anything else 
No , it's enough 
OK . Wait for a moment , please . I'll be back in a moment with the dishes 
OK . Thank you 
Show me your passport , please 
Here you are 
How long are you staying in Britain 
3 weeks . I am here on tour 
Have a pleasant stay in Britain 
Shall we go for a drive today 
It feels like there's going to be rain later 
Maybe you're right 
We'll go tomorrow 
So , how are you feeling today 
I ’ m pretty tired . I haven ’ t been sleeping well 
Do you have enough time to get the right amount of sleep 
I have enough time . I just can ’ t seem to fall asleep and stay asleep 
What time do you usually go to bed 
I don ’ t have one time in particular . I just go to sleep whenever I feel tired 
Have you been under a lot of stress lately 
I just lost my job , and I am unsure about being able to find another one 
Have you ever tried doing relaxation exercises before you go to bed 
I haven ’ t ever tried that , but it sounds like a good idea 
I'm freezing . Turn down the air conditioner , will you 
But then it'll be too warm 
Not if you take off your jacket 
This is the Pan-American Club.May I help you 
Yes . I believe you have a luncheon meeting this coming Wednesday.Could you give me some more information about that 
Yes , of course.The guest speaker is Professor David of a University , and he'll be lecturing about The impact of the Oil Crisis on Latin America 
Mmm , that sounds very interesting 
I would like to get my driver's license today 
You will have to take your driving test . Have you taken it yet 
I haven't taken it yet 
Could you fill these papers out , please 
Can I take my test right now 
You need an appointment 
I would like to do that right now , if I could 
Is Friday good for you 
That's perfect 
Okay , so Friday at what time 
The morning would be nice 
All right . Come in on Friday at 11
Can I help you 
I want a leather jacket 
What size , please 
Size 40 
What color would you prefer 
Let me see . Do you think a brown one will do 
Well , the brown one is beautiful indeed , but I think the black one will suit you better 
Really ? Please get it for me 
Will there be anything else 
Is this dress made of pure silk 
Yes , it is . It's brilliant 
Is it washable 
Yes , it is . But you have to be careful 
How much , please 
Only 350 yuan 
All right . Will you wrap it for me 
OK . Here you are 
Yesterday I had a quarrel with my roommate . I'm really fed up with all this 
Tell me what seems to be the problem 
My roommate always brings a lot of friends from off-campus . They stay in the room until midnight , singing and talking , drinking and playing cards while I have no place for study . I even don't have the quietness to sleep 
Did you ever talk to him about it 
Can I trouble you for some change 
I'll see what I have got . What's it for 
I need some cigarettes 
I can let you have some silvers if that is good 
OK , thanks 
What do you do 
I'm a teacher 
What are you going to have 
I'll try a steak sandwich 
Can I get you anything to drink 
Yes , I'd like a chocolate shake 
That sounds good . I think I'll have the same 
Where are we going now 
We are going to Jingshan Park . Originally it was an imperial garden while it is now a public park 
Where is it 
It is at the north of Forbidden City , on the central axis of Beijing 
What can we see in it 
Jingshan consists of five individual peaks , and there lies an elaborate pavilion on the top of each peak . These pavilions were used for gathering and leisure time . These five peaks also draw the approximate historical axis of central Beijing 
Anything else 
According to the dictates of Eng Shut , it is favorable to site a residence to the south of a nearby hill . When the capital was moved to Beijing , no hill existed at this location , so one was constructed . It is called " Coal Hill " . The last emper-or of Ming Dynasty , Chongzhen , committed suicide by hanging himself here in 1644 
Tragedy 
Jingshan Park is especially a popular place for old people socializing and gathering . People can often find elder folks dancing , singing opera and other cultural activities at Jingshan Park 
Excuse me , waiter . I have just dropped the spoon onto the ground . Would you please bring me another one 
Sure . Wait for a moment . Here you are 
Thank you . We'd like to have some dessert 
Here is the menu 
Good morning , Paul 
Hi , good morning , you are so early today 
Yes , traffic wasn't much today , so I made it to the office earlier 
I see . How long does it take you to reach the office every day 
Well , about an hour or so 
Wow , that ’ s quite a long journey . Do you drive a car 
No . I take public transportation . It's safer 
You are right ! But I get up a little late . That gives me no other option but to travel by motorcycle 
Well , both have advantages and disadvantages 
Are you OK there 
Oh , my computer crashed again 
Can I help 
That would be great ! I hate working with computers 
Year ! They are unreliable sometimes 
We'll miss you while you're studying in the United States 
Yeah . I'll miss all of you , too . But I'll keep in touch 
Turn on the TV , please 
OK 
What's wrong with the TV ? It isn't clear and the color's not right 
I don't know . Maybe it's broken 
Can you do something about it 
I'll see if I can adjust it 
That's better , but it's still not quite right 
Why not tell the clerk and ask them to repair it 
Good idea 
Good morning , Miss 
Morning . Can I help you 
Yes , I'd like to know how to use the library . You know , I'm a new student here 
All you need is your student identification card to check out books 
Yes.Here ' s my identification 
That's all you need 
Thank you very much . By the way , how many books am I allowed to check out 
You can check out two books at a time . But you can't check out newspapers , magazines and periodicals ; they have to be read within library 
How long can I keep the books 
For two weeks . After that you must renew the books if you wish to keep them longer 
I want a book on physics . Could you show me where I can find it 
Yes , over there to your left 
Can I help you , sir 
Yes , I want to buy some grapes 
What kind of grapes do you want 
People say grapes from XinJiang are much sweeter than other kinds . Please give me a kilo of that 
Ok , wait a moment please 
Make sure they are fresh 
Trust me 
Look , here're two coins named Kai Yuan Tong Bao — the sort of coin made in memory of the founding of a new dynasty . These two coins were made in different periods of the Tang Dynasty 
How can you tell the difference ? From what I see , they look almost the same 
The one made in the early Tang period is bigger and has more characters on it , while the one with smaller and elegant characters was made in late Tang period . Look carefully , and tell me if you see the difference now 
Yes , they are different ! But it's too professional . What I need is just being able to tell the real from the fake . Do you know any method we can use to tell a fake ancient coin 
Various methods were used in history to produce fake coins . We usually send the coin to an authorized unit to have it tested by experts with special machines . We can judge it with naked eyes 
I see . By the way , China was more than once ruled by foreign tribes in history . Did they issue their own coins in China 
Certainly , they did . Liao Coins and Song Coins , for example , coexisted in circulation during the Southern Song and Yuan period some 800 -1000 years ago . The Liao Coins look plain and bold in style , just like the characteristics of the Mongolian tribe . Let me look for one and show you 
If you happen to find one , please bargain with the owner for it . I'd like to have one . It's interesting to see the integration of the Han and Mongolian cultures on this small piece of metal 
Tell me a little bit about yourself , please 
My name is Dunlin and I live in Beijing . I was born in 1980 . I will graduate from Peking University this July . I have majored in accounting 
Would you tell me something about your family 
There are three in my family , my parents and myself . My father is a teacher and my mother is a worker 
Good afternoon , sir . Gan I help you 
Good afternoon , I want to pick up a new shaver since the old one has retired 
Which brand are you interested in 
I'm still not sure . The type with top quality , I guess . Well , which one do you recommend 
Do you prefer imported ones or domestic ones 
It doesn't matter much . If it has high quality and reasonable price , it will be OK 
How about Flymo ? It's selling well 
Do you have a warranty on it 
Of course . The warranty period is one year 
If there's something wrong with it in a week , can I come back to change it 
Sure . But you must show us the receipt . If something comes up , we'll change it for you 
OK . I'll take one 
Should we ask Jason to play ? He's always watching movies on HBO 
I guess we should invite him . I just hope he doesn't start talking about Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger again 
Oh , come on ! The game is better with three people . Anyway , if we don't ask him to play , he'll be mad 
Yeah , you're right . We'll never hear the end of it 
Excuse me . Could you give me some directions 
What are you looking for 
A gas station . My car ran out of gas two blocks back 
Walk straight ahead until you come to the second traffic light . Then turn right 
Do you know the name of the street 
I can't remember , but it's the second light 
By the way , do you know the price of the gas now 
I'm afraid I don't . But I do know the price has gone up 
Thanks a lot 
What's your hobby 
Photograph 
What's the make of your camera 
Olympus 
Do you own your own darkroom 
No , usually I get my films developed at a photo studio , but I make my own enlargements 
Why 
Because I can make many different kinds of pictures from one negative . That's more , but that saves money 
Good morning . I'd like to buy 2 tickets 
Have you brought your student card 
I didn't know you have student tickets so I left them in my bag 
In that case , you have to buy two full fare tickets 
Here is the money 
Kevin ? Hi , it ’ s Elizabeth . I have a big favor to ask you 
How big , Elizabeth ? Last time you said that , I ended up working overtime 3 nights in a row 
Well , I ’ Ve got a huge load of typing and Mr . Blake has insisted I get it done by tomorrow afternoon 
All right , Elizabeth . But this is the last time 
Linda , it's really late . Let's call it a day 
Good idea . We can finish this project the first thing tomorrow morning 
Sure thing . Do you want me to give you a ride home 
That ’ s great . Thanks for the ride . I really appreciate 1 it . You know my car is still in the shop 
Don't mention it . It ’ s my pleasure 
It's very nice of you 
Your office called and said that the owners had made a counter-offer to my offer to purchase their house 
To your offer of three hundred and twenty thousand dollars , the owners have counter-offered three hundred and thirty-five thousand dollars 
I think that maybe I should accept their offer 
You , of course , have two ways of responding . You can say yes or come up with another offer 
I want to make another offer , but I am afraid that they will decline and I will lose this house 
There is always a chance that someone could outbid you , but you could try one more offer if you like 
I would now like to offer three hundred and thirty thousand dollars as a counter-offer 
After the owners get home from work tonight , I will approach them with your offer 
Can you tell me how long it will take them to get back to me 
I don ’ t think that it will take as long as the response to the first offer 
Hello , is that John 
Yes . What can I do for you 
I am calling to tell you some issues about the interview 
The volume is too loud . Would you kindly turn it down a little bit 
Yes . I think it is now a moderate volume 
This visit is over for me . Here's your room key 
Thank you for that , and in return , here's your receipt 
And thanks to you 
I hope you'll visit us again , sir 
I'd be willing to try this hotel again , if you can promise me no more cockroaches 
I guarantee you that our little “ friends ” won't be back . I hope your trip home is pleasant 
What kind of work do you want to do when you finish university 
I want to work in the banking industry . I ’ Ve always been interesting in working for an international invest bank . I ’ d like to help people invest their money 
That ’ s a job that pays well . If you ’ re lucky , you might have opportunities to travel as well . Have you applied to any banks yet ? Our course will end soon 
Yes . I ’ Ve sent letters to several banks . A few have invited me for interviews after we take our examinations 
Well done ! I haven ’ t sent off any job applications yet 
Which field would you like to work in ? have you decide yet 
I ’ d like to work in marketing . I think I could have a good career in that field 
Perhaps you should apply to banks as well . They need people to market their service . As you said , the banking industry pays well 
That ’ s great idea . Do you have the email address of human resource managers at any banks 
Is there any way you can cut us a better deal on your wholesale price for this order 
We did the best that we could to give you a low price . Did you get our recent estimate 
Based on the estimate you gave us , by the time we figure in transportation and other expenses , our profit is short.With the offer you've given me , we're making next to nothing.Can ' t you do any better 
I've already given you a discount of 20 % off of our normally charge . If I go any lower , we'll have loss on this project . I really want to work with you on this . But we've already gone as low as we can go 
I'll be honest with you , our budgeted cost can't exceed more than $ 150 per unit.That is our bottom line . If you can meet that price , you've got the deal.Otherwise ..
I'll tell you what , I'll go over the number again with our financial team and see what I can do . I can't give you any guarantees . But we can try 
Will you be done doing my hair soon 
Give me a little while longer 
How much time do you need 
There you go . How do you like it 
I think it looks gorgeous 
You think it looks nice 
I honestly think it looks great 
Thanks . I'm glad that I did a good job 
How much is it for my hair 
Just give me $ 55 
Thanks for doing such a good job 
No problem , girl friend . I'll see you next time 
Slow down ! You can't exceed the speed limits 
No , I cann't . I'm in a hurry 
No , you can not . It is dangerous 
Shut up ! Now you are in my car , you should listen to me . Or you can get off . I've told you I'm in a hurry . I don't want to waste time on the road 
No . You shouldn't drive like that 
I want to change my job 
Why 
Well , I want to earn more 
I see 
Not only that . The job I ’ m doing now is the most boring job you can imagine 
You have drank dozens of cups . You are bound to get a bay window 
Thank you , but I am in a terrible mood indeed 
What case do you have against the police 
I want to take them to court for arresting me 
I don ’ t understand 
There was no reason for them to arrest me 
They let you go , didn ’ t they 
They released me the next morning 
They detained you at the station 
That ’ s exactly what they did 
Why did they arrest you 
They said I matched the description of a robber 
I get it now 
I ’ m definitely taking them to court 
who are you writing a letter to 
I'm just responding to Sue's letter . Do you want to help 
OK . I guess I could add something . Tell them that I send my love 
that's kind of boring . Don't you want to tell them anything else 
well , maybe you could tell them about my promotion 
you've been promoted ? when did that happen 
just today . I guess I forgot to mention it 
congratulations ! That's really exciting ! Let's get out a bottle of wine to celebrate 
shouldn't we finish writing this letter first 
ah . That can wait . Your promotion is the best news I've heard in a long time 
it is good news , but it looked like you were almost finished . We might as well just sign off 
ok , you're right . I'll just tell them how round I am of you for getting a promotion and then I'll thank Sue for her kind letter 
I guess you can write that I'm looking forward to seeing them in June 
that's thoughtful of you 
and also thank them from the bottom of my heart for the Christmas package they sent us 
that's right ! I almost forgot about that 
what would you do without me 
we do balance each other out well . I guess we were really made for each other 
I like this apartment . Do you think we can afford the mortgage 
Yes . I think so . It ’ s not a very expensive apartment . It ’ s in the right area and it has everything that we are looking for . The rooms are quite large too 
I love the balcony . We can sit outside and enjoy the sun in summer . We are on the 12th floor , so there ’ s very nice view from the balcony 
The neighbourhood is nice too . There is a park nearby 
Yes , and there are many houses nearby . I like it that the neighbourhood isn ’ t full of apartment blocks 
It ’ s a pity we can ’ t afford a house . A garden would be so nice 
Yes , it would . Don ’ t worry . There ’ s a lawn outside the building and there ’ s the park nearby . This place will be fine 
The building is quite new and well constructed . I ’ m happy with the fittings too 
Yes , everything has been well designed 
Housekeeping , may I help you 
Yes , I'm missing a sweater . I sent it in the laundry yesterday , but my laundry was returned without it 
May I have your room number , please 
505 
505 . Let me check it out . Just a moment , please . I'm sorry . You're right . We have found your sweater . We made a mistake delivering the laundry . We'll send it up to your room at once . We're very sorry for the inconvenience
That's all right
May I have my bill , please 
That's $ 20 in all 
Well , I am afraid you have made a mistake . Would you check it again , please 
Let me see . I am terribly sorry , sir . That should be $ 18 
It doesn't matter 
Excuse me . May I take a picture of you 
What for 
I just want to show my children how an American policeman looks 
OK . But I hope it won't take too long 
Oh , no , it won't . Just stand there , please 
Would you go to the bookstore with me 
It sounds a good idea . Let ’ s go 
Do you know Jeffery has published his second detective novel 
Yes . I heard about that . And I know you want to buy it , but I ’ m not interested in detective novels 
So what are you interested in 
Magazines about fashions , such as Cosmo Polian 
I know that magazine . It ’ s very popular 
Yes . I can lend you some 
Thank you . But I ’ m not interested 
We seem to be lost here 
Possibly 
I suggest that we go and ask for help from the policeman 
Not a bit 
Fixing computer isn ’ t my cup of tea . You can leave this job to Jason 
Yeah , he has a good commend of computer skills . But ..
But what 
But he is always talking big 
You must be Mr.Sellers . I'm Steven . I am here to see the apartment you advertised 
Oh , nice to see you . The apartment is on the tenth floor . The previous tenant just moved out yesterday 
Could I have a look at it first 
Sure . Let me show you the way . Here we are . Apartment 1008 . ( They enter . ) This is the living room dining room combination . Here's the kitchen . It's small , but fully equipped . The refrigerator is new , and the stove and the microwave oven are less than a year old 
It's nice . So this is the bathroom . And that must be the bedroom 
Yes . And there's a walk-in closet 
Is there air conditioning 
Yes , there's central air conditioning and heating . The thermostat is in the living room 
What's the house rent ? When is the rent due ? And how much security deposit do you require 
It's 600 yuan per month.The rent is due no later than the tenth of the month . We ask that you leave a month's rent as a deposit . It will be returned to you at the end of your lease 
I like the apartment , Mr.Sellers . You can show me the lease 
Wow , what a cool car ! The styling of this car really appeals to me 
Yes , this is a very popular car 
I want to buy it . How much does this car cost 
The car is beautiful , isn't it ? Come on inside and we'll discuss the price 
You can tell me here . I just want to know the price 
50000 yuan ' What a deal ! That will , of course , include tax , licence , and registration fee 
I appreciate your help , but I think I'll look around a bit 
Then what price would be fair to you 
I think that 30000 yuan would be fair for this car 
I can see that you are a smart buyer . Forty thousand is my best price 
Can't you make it cheaper ? I still can't afford the car 
38000yuan is my final offer 
Hum ... OK . I will take it 
Mom , may I play the card games for a while 
Do you ? Dad is in the study 
I won't make any noise . Mom , please 
Behave yourself ! Don't make any noise . Have you finished your homework 
Yes , I ' Ve finished 
Then let me see 
er ... , mom , I promise . I won't make a single noise 
All right . Just five minutes . Be sure not to touch anything 
Ok . I won't get into trouble 
Be careful 
Thanks for the warning , Mom 
Here is your spicy diced chicken with peanuts , sir 
Thank you . It looks very attractive 
I would advise you to enjoy the dish while it is hot 
Tasty and tender ! It must be one of the famous local dishes 
Yes . It's a traditional dish 
And it must be very particular in cooking 
You are right , sir . To prepare it , a Sichuan food chef first fries some chilli until they turn reddish brown , and then puts diced chicken breast meat into the pot with other condiments and peanuts . That's why the dish has a bright colour 
I see 
Enjoy yourself , sir 
Good morning ! The Inland hotel . How may I help you 
Good morning . I ’ d like to book a room for Friday night and Saturday night 
Certainly . What kind of room would you like 
A single room please . I hope you ’ re not fully booked 
A single room ? That ’ s fine . In whose name shall I make the booking 
Jones . According to your website , the nightly rate is $ 50 , including breakfast 
We offer a 20 % discount for guests staying of Friday and Saturday . The total cost will be $ 80 , including breakfast 
Thank you very much . I look forward to seeing you on Friday 
Could I just take your credit card number please ? I should mention that there is a cancellation charge of $ 20 
That ’ s fine . My credit card number is ..
May I speak to the apartment building manager , please 
I'm the manager . How can I help you 
I was hoping that the apartment on Main Street was still available 
Why , yes , it is . Would you like to get a look inside the apartment 
Yes , it would be nice to see the apartment 
How about today at 6 o'clock 
Yes , I can be there at 6 
Sounds good . I'll see you at 6 . Do you want directions 
I'm okay , thank you . I already checked out the address on MapQuest 
If you like the place , you can fill out an application form . I'll bring one with me 
Is there anything that I need to bring with me 
No . I won't need to see anything except your driver's license 
Excuse me , I'm lost . Can you show me where I am in this map 
Er , let me see . Oh , look , you're right here . Pretty close to the Olympic Park 
That's great ! It's not my day . I just have very bad sense of direction 
Is this your first time here ? Where are you going 
I am supposed to go to Liu Ichang 
Oh , there are many Chinese antique stores . They get paintings , too . Do you get interested in them 
Yes . Yes . Can you tell me how to get there 
Wow , it is quite far away from here . I'm afraid you're gonna have to take Bus No . 713 
Should I tell EDD that I have found a job 
Is this a temporary job or something more permanent 
What difference does it make 
When you get your next Continued Claim Form , you should just write down where you worked and note that you no longer need unemployment 
If I take a short job and then get laid off , will I be starting over trying to get unemployment 
Just because you work for a week doesn ’ t mean that you will be losing your benefits 
You know , smoking does do harm to your health 
Yes , you're right 
Why don't you try to give it up 
I've tried to give up smoking several times , but it's no good . Smoking relaxes me 
Have you ever thought of just cutting down ? You could do it gradually 
Yes , maybe I should have another try 
I am keen on a coat on www.dingding.com . But it requires having an online banking account . Is it necessary 
Indeed . Online banking enables you to make on-line shopping 
Do you know how to get the bank account 
Bring your ID card and fill out a form . That will be fine 
So easy 
I think online banking can change your money habits and it is quicker than ATM processing speed 
My shopping life will be more convenient 
I don't know whether or not to believe him 
You can trust him . He always tells the truth 
But it's really too important to me 
I said you can trust him . You just have to believe it 
I know you are a good dancer . What dances do you like 
I like the old styles of dance . Such as fox-trot , waltz , rumba , tango and so on . They're all graceful 
Why do you like old styles of dance 
Why not ? Do you think I should like modern dance 
I think so , because most young people like modern dances , such as rock and roll 
Oh , sorry . I don't like them . Why not ask Lily . She likes modern dance 
OK , I will.Thank you 
Hi , is this the Bread and Cheese Deli 
Yes , ma ’ am . How may I help you 
I need to place an order for a couple of sandwiches and drinks . Can you deliver 
Yes , we do deliveries for orders over $ 15 , ma ’ am 
I'm very annoyed at your disobedience 
But mum , I didn't mess it up 
You should have asked for my opinion before you did it 
Sorry , mum . I won't do it again 
You'd better remember your promise 
Excuse me , sir . Are there only 3 programs in your hotel 
Of course not . We have 50 channels in all 
Well . I am afraid it must be my fault . Can you send someone here to help me 
OK . I will send a maid to your room right now 
I lost all my lottery winnings playing the stock market 
Easy come , easy go 
Hello , is that Cathy speaking 
Yes , is that you , Allen 
Yes , how are you doing 
Not bad 
Say I've got two tickets for the concert this evening.Would you like to come with me 
Sure.Thank you very much 
Then I ' ll pick you up at six thirty.OK 
Ok , see you 
See you 
Boy , it looks like everyone in your family is here , from young to old 
Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together 
And after church they come here for lunch 
Yup , a big potluck buffet . And then-notice there are no children around 
Yeah , what's up with that 
The kids wait in the house while the grownups hide these . Hide away , Yi-jun 
They don't really think you took it , do they 
I don't know . I just know I've never been asked so many questions in my life 
How many of them were there 
Three-but there was one of them who kept asking really stupid questions 
Like what 
Oh , he wanted to know what time I got up this morning and if I bad a bath or a shower you know , things like that 
What on earth has that got to do with some money disappearing 
I've no idea . Oh yes , and the most ridiculous thing . He asked me what I had for breakfast this morning 
Oh well , that's it . They obviously think you're a desperate criminal and you have to steal to eat . I should think you'll get thirty years 
Hmm . Thank you very much 
How did you meet your girlfriend 
I met Amanda through a friend 
That's great . Did you start dating right after you met , or did you become friends first 
We started dating right away 
Isn ’ t he the best instructor ? I think * he ’ s so hot . Wow ! I really feel energized , don ’ t you 
I swear , I ’ m going to kill you for this 
What ’ s wrong ? Didn ’ t you think it was fun ? 
Oh , yeah ! I had a blast ! I love sweating like a pig with a bunch of pot bellies who all smell bad . Sorry , I ’ m just not into this health kick 
Oh , no , get off it . It wasn ’ t such a killer class . You just have to get into it . Like they say , no pain , no gain 
I am wiped out . Thank you 
Look , next time get yourself some comfy shoes . You ’ re gonna come back again with me , aren ’ t you 
Never ! But thank you for inviting me 
Come on . You ’ ll feel better after we hit the showers 
Bill , Happy Halloween 
Happy Halloween ! What creature are you going to dress up as 
I will dress up as a vampire with big fangs 
May I have a look at your costume 
Sure . Wait a moment . ( Several minutes later ) Here you are 
I like your black clothes and your fangs are cool 
I will bite many beautiful girls on the neck tonight . Maybe I will suck their blood 
Haha . Wish you good luck 
Hurry up , get in 
I ’ m in , let ’ s go 
OK , make a left here . . . no wait , I meant make a right . Come on , speed up 
Geez ! What ’ s the rush 
Don ’ t worry about it , just drive . Oh , no , the light is about to change . . . step on it 
Are you nuts ! I ’ m not going to run a red light 
Whatever . Just turn right here . . . . The freeway will be packed at this hour . . . . let ’ s take a side street.Go on ! Get out of our way ! Move , move 
What ’ s your problem ! Geez . Having a fit is not going to help 
Here , I know a short cut ... just go down here , and we ’ ll cut though Ashburn Heights . Let ’ s go , let ’ s go ! Watch out for that lady 
I ’ m going as fast as I can 
Yes ! We made it . 5:58 , just before the library closes 
You ’ re such a geek 
Hello 
Hi Vicky 
Are you there yet 
Yes 
I just got off the subway . I'm almost there . Sorry I'm late 
That's no problem . I just wanted to tell you I'm inside 
Where are you 
On the second floor 
Should I come to the second floor or do you want to come to the first floor 
Come upstairs 
What 
Oh , Can you hear me OK ? I said , come to the second floor 
Oh , OK . What are you doing there 
Just looking at some books on how to learn English 
Do you want to get something to eat later 
No , I'm still full from dinner 
What do you want to do 
I don't know for sure . When you get here we'll talk about it 
OK , see you soon 
Bye 
Hello ! How can I help you , sir 
I want to take out a loan for school . What kind of interest rate do you offer 
Do you qualify for any of the Federal loan programs 
Yes , but I need to borrow some more money 
Well . In that case we can offer you a private educational loan 
What's the interest rate 
It's 7.2 % , fixed-rate loan 
How do I go about taking it out 
Just fill out this application . We can let you know right away if you qualify 
All right , thank you 
It's one of the highlights of the match 
What 
The wonderful passing Melaena did 
Too bad I missed it 
Finally the class is over . Be quick . Ben must have been waiting for long 
Oh , I am so tired . My back is sore and my neck hurts 
That's normal . You have been sitting for three hours , with your attention highly concentrated 
You are wrong , Shirley . I was always absent-minded in the class . I meant to concentrate on the class , but I was just so tired . Maybe I am old 
No . You are just burning yourself out these days . Have a good rest and you will feel energetic again 
One of my friends took the Adult College Entrance Exam last year . He filled the school column with his name , and his score was relinquished 
How could he make such a silly mistake 
He said he hadn't taken any exams for ten years , and couldn't get used to it immediately . He was extremely nervous then 
He lost a very good chance to go to college , didn't he 
Yeah . The test was fairly easy and almost every test-taker could pass that exam . Adult College Entrance Exam is much easier than college entrance exam . And there are fewer subjects 
That's a very good lesson . We must familiarize ourselves with the exam from now on 
It's so earlier this morning , Mr . Li ! You just came back yesterday , you should have rest much more 
I'd like to have rest , but I have many things to do 
How about this post-trip 
It's very good , and the result isn't too bad 
Really 
Of course . I will write a report about this post-trip , and then you'd better type it at the moment , OK 
OK , it's no problem 
( Afternoon ) Miss Liu . Are you typing my report 
Yes , what can I do for you 
Nothing . I just tell you take care of it when you type , especially the address and telephone number of those new guests . You should make sure that it's no mistaken 
OK , please don't worry about it . You should set your mind at rest 
Ha , I know you are great secretary 
Thanks your flatter 
have you seen the new Cosmo magazine that I was reading this morning 
I think I may have seen it on the kitchen table 
you're right , thanks . There's an interesting interview with a top director about his latest film that I want to finish 
who's the director 
it's Martin Scorsese . You liked his film , The Departed , didn't you 
yes , it was fantastic ! Can I read the article when you're finished 
sure . You know it has an online edition , too . You should go online to read if you want to read it now 
that's ok . I'll wait until you're finished . Just out of curiosity , do you have a subscription for that magadize 
no . I don't buy it regularly enough for it to be worthwhile 
how much does the magadize cost 
it's almost three pounds now , and I think they're going to put the price up to four pounds soon 
that's quite expensive . Who is their target audience 
Cosmo mainly has a middle-class readership , but I think circulation will fall dramatically if the price goes up anymore 
I bet you'll still buy it , though . You wouldn't be able to live without your fashion magazine 
Hello , Rachel . It's glad to see you here 
Hi , Ross . Glad to see you , too 
I'm going to throw a party tomorrow night . Would you like to come 
A party ? Yes . I'd love to . Thank you for inviting me . Will Monica come 
Of course 
That's great ! What time will it start at 
At 6 o'clock 
OK . I'll come . See you then 
See you 
Good morning , Mary 
How do you want your egg cooked 
Sunny side up , please 
Okay , it'll be ready in two minutes 
Let's go now 
I'll be with you in a minute 
I couldn't wait to meet you in person 
Me , too . I've heard so much about you 
Same here 
I was looking forward to your arrival 
Do you believe in UFOs 
Of course , they are out there 
But I never saw them 
Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them 
You mean that you can them 
That's right . I can see them in my dreams 
They come to the earth 
No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space 
Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like 
OK , OK , one by one , please ! They look like robots , but they can speak . Their mission is to make friends with human beings 
That means that you talk to them ? In which language 
Of course in English , they learn English on Mars too 
Wow . Sounds fantastic 
Hello , can I speak to Alice , please 
Hold on , please 
Thank you 
Sorry , but she ’ s out 
Could you tell her Tom Green called 
I ’ d be glad to 
Hey , Jack ! Is Jenny coming with us 
Yes . Why 
Nothing . I am just asking 
Just asking ? ! Why is your face burning like mad ? Ah-huh , someone has a crush on Jenny , doesn't he 
Who has a crush 
Come on , Ted ! Don't be such a chicken . If you like her , you ’ Ve got to tell her . Maybe she likes you 
Well , I don't have the guts to ask her out 
What are you so afraid of ? Just tell her what you are feeling about her 
I ’ d totally die if she turned me down 
But that's better than keeping everything to yourself . You ’ Ve got to let her know . Come on ! You ’ Ve got to take a chance . Even though you are rejected , it ’ s not the end of the world . There ’ s nothing to lose , is there 
I don't know .. Well , maybe you are right , but how am I gonna tell her 
Excuse me . Does this bus go by Tiananmen square 
Yes , it does 
At which stop should I get off 
There is a stop at Tiananmen Square . The stops will be announced on the bus both in English and Chinese . When the stop is coming , you just push the red button near the rear door if you want to get off 
Okay , thanks very much 
What are the pop groups that you like 
Oh , there are so many good ones ! I loved the Spice Girls . They were so cool 
I agree ! I cried for a week when they broke up 
I was really sad too , but at least I can still listen to their Cds 
Do you have any idea why I pulled you over today 
I'm not sure 
One of your brake lights is out 
Really ? I'm sorry . I did not know that 
I'm going to give you a ticket 
Why can't you just let me off with a warning 
It's just a ticket 
How much is the fine 
The judge will let you know 
I have to be at court 
Of course 
All right . Just give me the ticket 
Dad , can you help me 
Oh , honey , you made a mistake 
I don't know how to do it 
OK . Let's do it together 
16 divided by 2 . What's the answer 
16 divided by 2 equals 8 
You got it . Good job 
You are looking really healthy lately . What are you doing differently 
Thank you for noticing ! I've been making a few lifestyle changes over the past year 
Tell me about it . I'm interested 
Well , it all started when my brother challenged me to quit smoking 
Ha ! That's right . You used to smoke . I forgot 
When I kicked that habit , I found I had so much more energy . I started exercising 
At the gym 
No . I like to be outside . I took up hiking and mountain biking 
Are you okay 
No 
What's wrong 
I got robbed 
By who 
Some guy on the street just mugged me 
Are you hurt 
No , he just stole all of my things 
That's crazy 
I need to go to the police station 
Do you want me to take you 
That would be great . Thank you 
What can I do for you 
I am returning these books 
What did you do to this book 
I accidentally ripped the cover 
You will need to pay for the damage 
How much do I need to pay 
I ’ m going to need $ 5.00 
That ’ s not too expensive 
It isn ’ t 
Here ’ s the $ 5.00 
Thank you 
No problem . Have a good one 
Hi , Cindy . I thought I ’ d missed you 
Oh , I am very sorry , Hans . Thank you for waiting for me . You must have been here a long time already 
It ’ s all right 
I was caught in the heavy rain , or I would have come earlier . I am sorry I kept you waiting 
I was in a comfortable place , so really , it ’ s no problem . I am happy to see you . Did the rain hold you up long 
Yes . When I came out of the subway , it was raining cats and dogs . And I forgot my umbrella . So I had to wait for the rain to let up 
I totally understand 
Your resume says you have had one years experience working in a foreign representative office in Shanghai , may I ask why you quit 
I worked in a foreign representative office for one year . However , I leave there two years ago because the work they gave me was rather dull . I found another job that was more interesting 
Have you done any work in this field ? What have you learned from the jobs you have had 
I have learned a lot about business know-how and basic office skills . In addition , I learned at my previous jobs how to cooperate with my colleagues 
Is that true 
I guess so . Now Anna's got four kids and another on the way 
Wow . She looks good for having had that many kids . She's pregnant and wearing Prada 
That's Anna for you . She keeps up the image of the stylish Italian woman . Here she comes 
She's glowing . It must be the pregnancy 
Yeah , or the expensive Italian facial treatments 
What should I prepare for the recruitment fair 
You should wear a formal dress and be confident 
What application materials should I take 
You should take several resumes and some copies of your graduate diploma 
You're my hero 
Aw , shucks , ma'am 
Good morning and welcome . How can I help you 
Could you tell me something about safety deposit box rental , please ? I need somewhere safe to keep some insurance documents ; I just simply don't feel comfortable keeping them at home or in the office 
We have 3 different types of boxes . We usually rent for 1 year and the fee depends on the size and location of the box 
I think I'll go for the smallest , as it's just for documents . Will I be the only key holder ? I'd perhaps feel a little nervous if I knew someone else could have access to it at any time 
You can have more than 1 key if you'd like , but we must have signature cards for each box 
That's great ; I can give an extra key to my wife . I feel perfectly comfortable with her having a key . Thanks for your help 
If you have your ID and are willing to pay a year in advance , we can do that for you today , there is no need to wait 
OK , I'll take a small , for 1 year , in this branch , please 
See you later , alligator 
In a while , crocodile 
Where are you going 
I have to go to work 
Going to work where 
I ’ m working at the polling place 
I didn ’ t know you were working there this year 
I work at the polling place every year 
How did you get that job 
I signed up for it online 
That ’ s really cool 
It ’ s a very cool job 
Do they pay you a lot 
They pay well enough 
Have you been to Shanghai before 
Yes I have . I ’ Ve been there three times in the past year 
That sounds great . Have you been to the top of the Pearl Tower 
No I haven ’ t . I haven ’ t visited the Bund either . I ’ Ve always had too much work to do 
So you haven ’ t done much then , in Shanghai 
Actually , I ’ Ve eaten soup dumplings in a lovely restaurant on Nanjing Lu . They were delicious 
Jim was late again 
It's not like him to be late 
Wow , this is the famous Empire State Building 
It's huge 
Would you like to go to the top 
Yes , of course 
The view is breathtaking 
May I help you , sir 
Yes , I'd like some information about the trains to Beijing 
When do you want to go 
On July 7 , I have to be there well before twelve o ’ clock 
There ’ s a train at 7 a . m . It'll get you there at 11 a . m . But there are many stops along the way 
And I have to get up early , too . Are there any non-stop trains to Beijing 
Yes , there is one at 8: 30 a . m . That arrives at 11:35 a . m 
Can you believe me 
Sure 
Please count on my love 
I will 
I'll be yours through endless time 
I see . And I'll always be devoted to you 
Thank you . I know I've nothing to offer you , but I'll never give you reason to cry 
I'll never hurt you ; I'll never lie 
My love will grow , like a river to flow 
It can't be dry , and can't die 
I don't know whether we are in a dream 
Aha , Aha ..
I'm frustrated 
What's the problem 
I can't work out this problem 
Let me take a look . Maybe I can figure it out 
Thanks . I really appreciate it 
Hello , is Mr Over there
Sorry , madam . I afraid you have a wrong number.we don't have Mr Over here 
I want 6420422 3 , is that right 
No , you give a wrong number 
oh , I'm sorry to bother you 
That's all right 
Did you put this morning's faxes on my desk ? I'm waiting for some urgent faxes from headquarters , I'm pretty sure they came in last night 
Everything that came in off the fax machine last night is all on your desk . But I noticed that some of the faxes came through pretty blurred . Maybe you can take a look at them . If the copy is unreadable , I'll call them and ask them to relax 
Yeah , you're going to have to call them and get them to be re-faxed . These copies are so dark , I can't make out any of the words 
What about that one 
This one ? This one is so light I can barely read it . How can that be 
You know , I think the fax machine is out of toner , I can change the toner cartridge . That should solve the problem 
Yes , but this one will have to be re-faxed as well . And look , there's about three pages missing ! It looks loke the fax machine ate half my important faxes , and the ones that made it through are so blurred or too light , they're unreadable 
I guess the fax machine is out of paper , too . Don't worry , I'll have someone look at it this afternoon , and in the meantime , I'll have your documents re-faxed to our other fax machine 
Who wants to go first ? Allen 
Uh ... I mostly just like to listen . You're the groom . Why don't you go first 
OK . Put on something by the Backstreet Boys 
How about " As long as You Love Me " ! You can pretend you're singing it to your fiancee Brooke 
I'd better not . Brooke hates the Backstreet Boys 
Hello . I am calling about the apartment you advertised 
Yes , what kind of apartment are you interested in 
I am interested in one-bedroom . Do you have any available 
Yes , I have one . When you need it 
Sometime around next week . What can you tell me about this apartment 
Well , It's a one-bedroom apartment . The monthly rent at 650 dollars and a 300 dollars security deposit . You pay electricity only . Gas and water is included . Both the heat and stove are gas . Let me see , what else ... Oh , you'll be assigned a sheltered parking space at no extra charge . And that's probably it 
Sounds good . May I come over tomorrow to take a look 
Sure . What time would you like to come 
How about 10 am 
Good , May I have your name , please 
My name is Blanca 
Thanks for calling , Blanca . I'll see you tomorrow 
Hello ! We ’ Ve been waiting for our lunch order for over an hour . Did you forget our order 
I ’ m sorry , sir . Could you tell me your name and order again , please ? I ’ ll check on the delay 
The name ’ s Stanley Morris and the order was for two chef ’ s salads 
Thank you , Mr . Morris . Please wait one moment and let me check on the order . Would you like anything to drink , sir ? On the house 
Hi , how can I help 
I was told to come over to this window if I want to make a withdrawal . I'm not withdrawing from a Current Account , you see . I want to withdraw from my Certificate of Deposit 
Unfortunately , if you wish to withdraw on your C / D before the pre-decided date , you must give notice 
Oh , I see . Will I lose any money if I decide to withdraw on it now 
Yes , you will lose interest . I see that you have a 5 - year C / D with us . I'm sorry to tell you that would mean losing 6 months of interest as a penalty for withdrawing before maturity 
Oh dear . Well , if it has to be done , then it has to be done 
Hello . I am calling to apply for the job as an airlines staff . I'd like to check it . Is it part-time or a full-time job 
OK , the job is a full-time one 
What does the job description say 
We need a person with ability and flexibility 
Hello , this is Liu Juan speaking . Is that Mr . Brown 
No , this isn't 
Could you please get him on the phone 
Sure . Wait a minute 
I find that every employee here respects that manager very much 
Yes . He carries a lot of weight . Everyone here is willing to follow his orders 
You said you like classical music very much . Then who is your favorite opera star 
There are three of them , the Three Tenors 
Oh , you mean Pavarotti , Domingo and Carreras . Have you been to their live shows 
Yeah , it's really a unique experience . It's a solo concert by Pavarotti . He put on the performance in the Forbidden City in Beijing 
I've heard of that one . It was also his swan song 
Besides , speaking of classical music , we should never forget about the New Year's Concert 
Of course not . People all over the world watch it on TV , or listen to it on the radio 
Sure . It's undoubtedly one of the biggest classical music events . Have you ever been to the live show 
Yes , I went to the New Year's Concert in 2005 
Wow , you are so lucky . I saw that one on TV . But it must be so different to be there in the concert hall 
That's for sure . You know , it's really amazing to be in the best concert hall , listening to the performance by the best orchestra . I had the greatest time ever 
Who was the conductor at that event 
Lorin Maazel . He did an amazing job . Moreover , he just celebrated his 75th birthday 
So cool . I wish I can go to the live New Year's Concert someday in the future 
The right opportunity for you would come along soon . You know , music is transnational 
I believe in that . Well , the performance is about to begin . Let's be quiet 
You look like being on cloud nine 
I am 
What has made you so happy 
I think I'm in love 
Are you ? Who's the lucky girl 
Her name is Jenny 
How did you meet her 
We are in the same math class . Our teacher sat us next to each other 
What do you like best about her 
She's very funny . She makes me laugh all the time 
I guess it was fate working to bring you together 
Whatever brought us together , I'm happy 
And how would you describe yourself , Miss Tao ? What kind of person are you 
Well , as I mentioned before , I think I am easy-going . I enjoy working and talking with people and I'm a responsible person 
Did you have any difficulty getting along with fellow students or teachers 
No . Not at all . I'm quite easy-going 
What's your strong points 
Oh , I'm very responsible , I can make fast decisions , and I do not need much supervision . I enjoy completing challenging tasks 
What do you dislike most about your job 
Probably routine , dull work . Oh , I am much more enthusiastic if I'm given a challenge and responsibility 
What kind of relationship do you think should exist between a supervisor and employee 
A friendly one . I think an open , friendly , honest relationship should exist . An employee should feel she ( he ) can go to her ( his ) boss anytime with any kind of question 
Sometimes working with a foreign company can be stressful . Foreigners tend to get excited or angry easily , and they show it . Are you sure you can handle this stress ? How do you deal with conflict in your present job 
Well , there's a lot of stress in a Chinese company also , although much of it is below the surface . I have confidence in my ability to handle conflict . If I have a problem with a co-worker , I do everything I can to work it out directly with that person . If I am unable to work it out , then I ask a supervisor to help out . If my boss shouts at me , I try not to take it personally . I try my best to understand the stress he is under . It's kind of like being in a family . Often family members say things in the heat of the moment , but don't mean what they say . A company is like a family , it has good times and bad times 
How do you feel about overtime work 
That's no problem . I know that every company has busy periods . When this happens , I'm ready to put in as much time as necessary to get the job done 
What is most important to you in a job 
I want to feel that I am making a real contribution to the company , so I would like my boss to trust me with important work 
Do you think that you are introverted or extroverted 
I'm quite outspoken . I enjoy calling a spade a spade and hate talking in a roundabout way . So I'd call myself outgoing 
Under what kind of circumstance will you lose your temper 
Seldom . But I hate someone's frequently being late or lazy 
OK . What are your strong points 
Hmm . as I mentioned , I can work well under pressure and I enjoy work that challenges me . I think that my English ability is also a strong point 
And your weaknesses 
I think I sometimes try to be over-organized . So I am learning how to let some things go and concentrate on the most important part of my job 
Do you have a swimming pool in this hotel 
We don't have a swimming pool , sir , but we do have swim stations in the gym 
I never heard of a swim station . Is that like a train or bus station 
It's just a deep bathtub with a current of water that you swim against 
Holy cow ! I never heard of such a thing . How much do they cost 
As a guest , sir , you pay nothing 
This sounds better every second . Now , when can I use the stations 
If you want to swim , you can visit the gym any day between 7 a . m . and 10 p . m 
Oh , boy ! This is going to be great . I'm going to the gym right now 
I'm sure you'll enjoy your workout , sir . Everyone seems to like the swim stations 
Hi , Nally , are you hungry 
I'm starving . Let's go grab a bite 
Where to 
How about Karlis 
Are you kidding ? That place is too ritzy for lunch 
True . ok Let's go to Grumose 
Same thing , meals there all coarsen arm and leg 
I guess it is a little pricy 
Let's stop it at Multicolor for a quick lunch .
That will be Ok . Come on , I can't wait to chow down 
That was a great lunch , the food was good , but the service was lousy 
Is that why you stiffed the waiter 
You got it . All right , Let's go back to school 
Mr . Jones , shall we now discuss the packaging 
Very well . You know , we have definite ways of packaging garments . As to blouses , we use a polythene wrapper for each article , all ready for window display 
Good . A wrapping that catches the eye will certainly help push the sales . With competition from similar garments producers , the merchandise must not only be good value but also look attractive 
Right you are . We'll see to it that the blouses appeal to the eye as well as to the purse 
What about the outer packing 
We'll pack them 10 dozens to one carton , gross weight around 25 kilos a carton 
Cartons 
Yes , corrugated cardboard boxes 
Could you use wooden cases instead 
Why use wooden cases 
I'm afraid the cardboard boxes are not strong enough for such a heavy load 
The cartons are comparatively light , and therefore easy to handle . They won't be stowed away with the heavy cargo . The stevedores will see to that . Besides , we'll reinforce the cartons with straps . Silk blouses are not fragile goods . They can stand a lot of jolting 
Maybe you are right , but the goods are to be transhipped at Hamburg or London . If the boxes are moved about on an open wharf , the dampness or rain may get into them . This would make the blouses spotted or ruined 
No need to worry about that . The cartons lined with plastic sheets are waterproof , and as the boxes are made of cardboard , they will be handled with care 
Well , I don't want to take any chances . Besides , cartons are easy to cut open , and this increases the risk of pilferage 
Tampering with cartons is easily detected . I should say that this rather discourages pilferage 
Maybe so , but I'm afraid that in case of damage or pilferage , the insurance company will refuse compensation on the ground of improper packing , or packing unsuitable for sea voyage 
But cartons are quite seaworthy . They are extensively used in our shipments to continental ports . There are never any complaints from our clients , and our insurance company has also approved such packing for W . P . A . and T . P . N . D 
If you could guarantee compensation in case the insurance com - any refuses to honor a claim for faulty packing , we would be quite willing to accept cartons 
I'm sorry , but we can't take on any responsibility that is beyond our functions and powers . We'll make sure that the packing is seaworthy , but we can't commit ourselves to being responsible for every kind of mishap 
I can understand your position . Perhaps I'm asking too much 
We'll use wooden cases if you insist , but the charge for packing will be considerably higher , and it also slows delivery 
Well , I'll call you immediately for instructions on the matter 
Please do . I'll be waiting for your reply 
How is Jim recently 
He has lost his job , and his wife died from cancer not long before 
Poor guy ! It will take him a long time to get back on his feet 
I have an idea for Christmas this year 
What is it 
Let's not exchange any gifts at all 
You big scrooge 
Hear me out . We can pool the money and give it to a family who could really use it 
But you may have some trouble convincing the kids 
Actual 1y , it was their idea first 
Now we know that they realize the real meaning of Christmas 
A woman after my own heart ..
OK , Mr . Coffee Connoisseur , so what's the next step in the coffee-making process 
Well , step two is grinding the coffee beans . I've roasted three different types of beans 
Let me guess , Mocha , Mandheling , and Santos 
Yep , my own special blend ! You can tell by just smelling them 
No , I just read the names off the packages ... Ha 
Hi , my name is Lean , and I'm from Russia 
Nice to meet you , Lvan.My name is Alike . I'm from Japan 
To me English is a difficult language 
A second language is always difficult 
True , but English is harder than most.It ' s a crazy language 
A crazy language ? Why do you say that 
One letter can have several pronunciations and one word can have several meanings 
No wonder you say English is a crazy language 
Hello . Dr . Brown ’ s Dental Office . How can I help you 
Hi , this is Susan Smith . I ’ m calling about my appointment with Doctor Brown today at 3
What happened 
I got the flu . I have a fever and a headache . Can I cancel my appointment 
Sure , you can , but you ’ ll be charged for $ 10 
Oh , there ’ s a charge ? Why 
This is for the delayed cancellation . Because this time is reserved for you . If you are unable to keep an appointment , you should notify us 48 hours in advance . Otherwise , the charge will be made 
I see . That ’ s ok . I ’ ll pay 
Thanks for your understanding . Do you want to make another appointment 
No . Not right now . When I feel better I ’ ll call you again 
Ok . Take care 
Thank you 
Hello , jewelry department . How may I help you 
It's me , Ali . There's this strange guy who keeps coming around . He's been here three times this week 
He's probably a pervert . Just ignore him 
He makes me nervous . He looks at me funny . And he never buys anything 
Maybe he wants to get something for his girlfriend , but he's embarrassed 
Excuse me , sir , this is the express check-out lane for people that have fifteen items or fewer . It looks like you have more than fifteen items there 
Oh , come on ! I have sixteen items ! Cut me some slack , will ya 
Fine ! Please place your items on the belt and push your shopping cart through . Do you prefer paper or plastic 
Plastic . I also have a couple of coupons 
No problem , I ’ ll take those . Sir , these coupons expired yesterday 
Darn ! Oh , well . I guess it ’ s just not my day . Thanks anyway 
Do you have a club card or will it be cash 
Yeah I got a club card . Here you go 
Will this be debit or credit 
Debit please . Also , could I get cash back ? Fifty dollars would be great 
Yeah , sure . Your total is seventy-eight dollars and thirty-three cents . Here is your receipt . Have a nice day 
Everything is OK now , doctor 
That was quick work . Let me have a look at it . Yeah , everything looks fine now . Thank you very much 
You are welcome , doctor 
How much do I owe you 
The total is 87 dollars . Here is the bill 
Really ? You worked here for just half an hour . I consider the price very high 
Hello . This is the Customer service . How can I help you 
Yes . I ’ Ve been getting harassing calls recently . Can I have my phone number changed 
Sure . What ’ s your favorite number 
How about 560 436 4040 
I ’ m sorry . This number has already been registered 
How about 560-436-8976 
This number is ok . It ’ s still available . When would you like your phone number changed 
As soon as possible . Can I have it right now 
Sure 
Thanks 
It's getting late . I really have to go 
I hope we'll get together again soon 
I hope so . A good journey to you 
Thank you 
Mom , Dad ! Can you come to my room ? I think there is something under my bed 
Son , you just go back to bed , and stop crying wolf 
Your total comes to $ 36.78 
Put it on my VISA 
There ’ s a problem with your card 
What ’ s wrong with it 
I believe it was declined 
You ’ re kidding me 
Do you have another card I could try 
I only have one card 
Do you have cash , perhaps 
I don ’ t have any cash on me 
You ’ re not going to be able to take these items today 
I ’ ll be back tomorrow 
Do you have a bf 
Yes , I had a bf before 
Why you say bf before 
We parted from each other last month 
Have you got a new one 
Mmmm , no . How about you 
I am single , I have no real of , only an E-gf , that is you 
Haha , so you are my E-bf 
I like you . Do you agree to be my of 
Mmmm . .. OK , let's try to be 
Wow ! Blablablabla . . 
Hey ! What is it 
I am flying like a bird 
LL
I am so happy . I want to drink a cup of champagne 
I have no champagne right now . How about this 
It's OK , so I send you this 
Is it made of chocolate 
It's my heart ; it's made of what you like 
Oh , I will have a sweet dream 
Are you sleepy 
A little bit . I have to go to sleep though I don't want to 
Yes , I do not want to see ur sleeping in the office 
Thx.Bye for now . Kisssssssssss 
C U here , honey 
So are you going to get a new swimsuit 
Yeah , I think I'll get this one-piece 
Why don't you get a bikini 
I'm too fat for a bikini 
You aren't fat . I'll bet you'd look great in a bikini . How about this thong bikini 
I'll wear that if you'll wear these Speedos 
I guess that one-piece isn't too bad , either . ( to be continued 
John dates her seven times a week 
Really ? That's a straws in the wind 
I think so . Maybe he's fallen for her 
Yeah . They suit each other . A perfect match between a man and a girl 
Sir , I've finished your shaving . Wow , it takes years off you after having a shave 
Really ? You've done a good job 
Thank you . May I suggest you to trim your eyebrows 
I have never heard that men would trim their eyebrows . Are you kidding 
No , sir , I am serious . Haven't you heard that today men are becoming increasingly interested in having their eyebrows professionally groomed 
Do you mean that it is a trend for men to trim their eyebrows 
Absolutely . Several men have tried it in my A shop . Do you want to try 
Yeah , let me have a try 
Does this hotel have a pool 
I'm sorry , sir , we don't have one . However , in our gym , we do have swim stations 
I'm not sure I understand 
Think of a deep bathtub that you can swim in , but against a current 
Cool . What will they think of next ? How much are they 
Sir , guests pay nothing to use the stations 
Excellent ! Now what are the hours 
The gym is open 24/7 , but the stations are open from 7 a . m . to 10 p . m . only 
I'm going to change into my trunks right now 
I think you'll like the experience , sir . It's a great workout 
Can you tell me how to reach the bank please 
Which bank ? There are two , the Allied Irish Bank and the Bank of Ireland 
I have an AIR pass card and I want to withdraw money from the bank 
You need to go to the Allied Irish Bank which is near the local shopping centre , Dunned Stores 
How do I get there . I have no knowledge of this area 
Cross the road and turn left at the other side . Walk along the footpath until you reach the traffic lights . You will see a shopping centre on the right hand side . Walk across the road and turn right after the shopping centre . Keep going straight for about 100m and the bank is to your left 
It sounds very complicated . How far is it from here 
It's not so complicated . It's about five minutes walk from here . I can draw a map for you if you wish 
Oh , I would really appreciate that . By the way will I be going North or South 
You will be going northwards . You are now in the the Western part of the city and the Allied Irish Bank is situated in the North East . Here's a rough sketch of the area 
To start with , may I ask why you chose to work at our company 
First , you have had an impressive growth record , ever since the company had been founded for half a century . Second , I can improve myself by working here 
Well , please look at the employment contract . I'd like to go over the main details again before signing . First , you will be getting a monthly salary , and no probation is involved 
Yes , I get it . Will the medical plan cover me while on duty 
Of course . A reasonable number of sick days will be covered by the company . Any extended illness will be covered by insurance . Have you read the other terms of the contract 
Yes , I have read . In the contract , I am expected to be available up to two hours past normal working hours . Is that right 
Yes , any approved overtime of more than two hours will be paid twice of the salary or take time-off 
That's exactly my understanding 
Good . Now , you sign here , you can start work the beginning of next month 
Hi , my name is Sovia.What ’ s your name 
My name is Jeff 
What do you do 
I ’ m a podiatrist . What about you 
I ’ m a nurse.What do you do in your free time 
I like to play piano , go bowling and chat with my friends.And you 
I like to hang out with my friends , play games and go swimming 
Would you like to go out some time 
Sure , that ’ d be great.Where would you like to go 
Anywhere with you 
Aren ’ t you sweet 
Daddy , how are you going to spend your weekends 
I need to finish my research paper 
Could you go with me to climb Kiang Shan 
Honey , I am sorry I have no time 
Oh , Daddy , you should do more exercise . You are getting a little heavy 
I am afraid you are right . Recently , even going upstairs makes me out of breath 
Then go climbing with me , Daddy . Mountain climbing can build your muscles like Popeyes 
Terrific ! It is also a good exercise to keep me fit 
I give you my word , you must feel refreshed after mountain climbing 
OK , I'll go 
That's a deal 
Sure 
Oh dear , Miss , you are soaked ! Wow , it's really raining heavily outside 
Yes , it sure is . I had to run here from work ! I need to rush as I'm on my lunch break 
Well please , why don't you go ahead of me in line ? I'm in no hurry 
Oh , that's so nice of you ! Thank you very much 
My pleasure Miss . Actually , could you recommend what to eat here ? I've never been here before 
Sure . Well , the avocado sandwich is delicious , and it's the healthiest thing on the menu . Personally , I think the beef salad is the tastiest choice . I usually get that . Also , the milkshakes are the best milkshakes in town 
Well , thanks for the suggestions 
Oh , don't mention it 
I think that show biz stars have a really easy life . They have lots of money , so they can buy almost anything they want . They ’ re famous , so everyone loves them 
I think they must have horrible lives . All the paparazzi take photos of them wherever they go and whatever they do . They must get sick of it 
I bet they love it really . Sure , they complain about it , but that just gets them more publicity , doesn ’ t it 
I think that few of the show biz stars want any publicity for themselves . They only want it for their films 
No way ! They want publicity for themselves , so that they get invited to make more films , go to lots of cocktail parties , and even make albums ! They have such an easy life . They don ’ t even pay for Drin
Show biz stars have plenty of expenses . That ’ s why they need so much money . They need million of dollars to buy big , seclude houses and wonderful dresses . I bet most show biz stars would prefer to Wea
I don ’ t understand how you can have any sympathy for show biz stars . They ’ re overpaid , over-ambitious , and over-adored 
I think you should give them some credit . They ’ re very talented people and they deserve all the money they earn . They even donate money to charity to help people who are less fortunate than themselves
Come on ! They only do that to get even more publicity for their films and themselves 
Too much , Harry . Don't blame her anymore 
But it was her that makes us so embarrassed 
I know . But there's no point in making her feel worse , isn't there 
I don't care 
Alright , we need to have a plan here . First of all , which bed do you want 
Well , everybody wants the bottom bunk . Why don't we flip a coin for it 
Alright . Do you have a coin 
Yes . Here's a quarter . I flip it , you call it in the air 
Heads 
Sorry , it's tails . You lose 
Oh , well . So you get the bottom bunk . What about our stereos ? It looks like we both brought our stereos . Probably we only have room for one 
Your stereo is better than mine . Do you mind if we use yours 
No , I don't mind . I just don't know where we can put the speakers in this tiny room 
Probably we can put one on that counter . And we can put one on the floor by the bed . Over there 
Alright . That's a good plan . What about the desks ? We have two desks , one by the window and one by the door ? Which one do you want 
Well , the desk by the window is nicer , of course . Don't you think 
Yes , I agree 
So since I got the bottom bunk , why don't you get the desk by the window ? That would be more fair 
Alright 
I mean , we could flip a coin for it , but I would probably win again . I'm incredibly lucky you know . Especially with girls 
Is that right 
Yes , that's right 
Well , I hope you let me hang out with you then . Maybe I can learn from you 
Oh , certainly . Certainly . I'm always willing to help beginners.Just call me Big Brother Dave 
Are all lucky people so stuck up 
C'mon , don't take it seriously ! I'm just kidding 
Anyway , I get the desk by the window , you get the bottom bunk . That's it 
Why don't we start unpacking these boxes 
I will go get something to eat . You unpack first.Then , when I come back , I'll unpack 
Alright . See you later 
Guess what came in the mail today 
What 
My acceptance letter to Yale 
Wow ! Congratulation ! When do classes start 
Freshman orientation is the last week of august , but I want to go two weeks before that to get settled in 
You ’ re so lucky ! Do you have to do many things before you leave 
Yes . I ’ ll be very busy ! I have to get a visa , buy a plane ticket , and pack my things . But first , I want to register for classes 
When can you do that 
Well , they sent me their prospectus , so I can start looking now . do you want to help me decide which classed to take 
Sure . What can you choose from 
Well , I have to take all the fundamental course , plus a few from my major 
What is your major 
I hope to major in English literature , but the admissions counselor told me that many people change their major many times in their first year , so we ’ ll see 
What are the fundamental course 
In order to graduate , every student must take a certain amount of classes in history , math , English , philosophy , science and art 
Interesting . That ’ s very different from the Chinese education system 
Yes , it is . It ’ s also very different from the British education system 
Really 
oh , sure . In British , students don ’ t have to take the foundation course 
why not 
maybe because they think they know everything already ! ha ha 
Hello , have you made a reservation 
No , are there any vacant beds for us 
Of course.How do you like your room 
Just an ordinary one , six people living in a room 
OK , how long are you staying 
3 days 
What seems to be the problem , kid 
I've got a sore throat , a runny nose and a headache 
Ah ... How long have you been like this 
I am not very sure . Maybe for three days 
Do you have any stomachache 
I guess so . It comes and goes 
Open your mouth and say ah ... God , you are suffering from the swelling of tonsils 
Is that serious , doctor 
Yes , I am sure that you got the flu . You need a shot 
Oh , doctor . Do I have to ? I am afraid of needles 
Yes , that's for sure . But it is not that bad . It's gonna be all right 
Oh , doctor , please ..
Be brave , young man . Only girls cry when given an injection 
You are right . I won't cry anymore 
It's raining heavily 
We have to find a shelter 
All right 
Let's go under the tree 
No , we can't . It's thundering 
Then let's go to that store 
Before we begin eating , I'd like to present everyone with a gift from Taiwan 
What is it 
It's a Taiwanese puppet doll 
It's huge 
Yeah . They're usually this big 
The craftsmanship is excellent 
All the parts work 
Thank you so much 
Don't mention it 
Would you recommend some places for sightseeing 
How about Great Canyon 
Is it worth seeing 
Of course ! It's the most wonderful natural works 
I'm so angry . I feel like killing someone 
Calm down 
Donna ! How are you ? It's good to hear your voice 
Thank you . Jack , it's always a pleasure doing business with you 
So how are things in the land of the free and the home of brave 
Great ! And , how are things in your neck of the woods 
Things are so great here . I almost smiled myself to death last week . One of my coworkers had to give me CPR 
Oh.Jack , I have missed your sense of humor.Ha ha ha ! Nobody else sees things quite like you do.It ' s your gift 
Or a curse 
Nope , it's a gift.Anyway , we need some more of those mid-range speakers you tricked me into buying last time 
That , my dear , was classic sales technique delivered by a professional 
Are you still gouging your customers the same price per unit 
Heck no , we doubled the price , but because it's you , I'll let you have'em at 50 off 
You silver-tongued devil . Can't you ever just answer a question with a simple yes or no 
I could , but where's the fun in that 
It's four o'clock already . I hate to leave , but I think I must 
Can you stay a little longer 
I'm sorry , but I can't 
Hello , Jack ! Fancy meeting you here 
Yes , it's really a surprise . How are you 
Fine . How is Jim 
Oh , he is all right . But busy as usual . Well , why don't we have a good chat at a bar ? It's been long time since we met each other last time 
Good idea 
How was your shopping trip Martin 
Actually it was the most interesting day I ’ Ve had so far 
Oh really ? Did you find any bargains 
I did ! I found this lovely teapot . It was the best one I saw in the shops 
And how did you get around town 
I took a taxi . It seemed the easiest thing to do 
Right , so you didn ’ t get lost 
I did actually but I think I met some of the friendliest people in China . They soon showed me the way 
I am sorry . I didn ’ t accomplish the job on time 
That ’ s all right . Everyone feels under the weather sometimes . Just finish the rest when you feel well 
You are in love with Mary , right 
You are pulling my legs 
I am not blind . Anyone can see that with half an eye 
Good afternoon . May I help you 
Yes . I'd like to check in , please 
May I see your ticket and passport , please 
Sure . Here they are 
Please put your baggage on the scale 
What's the weight limit 
Thirty two kilos 
I hope my baggage aren't overweight 
No . They aren't 
May I carry this satchel 
Sure . But please attach this claim tag 
OK 
Here is your boarding pass 
Which gate 
Gate Four . Please go and have a seat in the waiting hall 
Thank you 
It depends on where you are and what position you are in . For instance , if you are in an elevator and you smile , you will make other takers uncomfortable 
That ’ s an exception . But I am fed up with those who keep a straight face in front of me 
I cannot see eye to eye with you here . You see , I am fed up with those who keep smiling to me . I mean , they smile for no reason at all 
That means you don ’ t like them . If you hit it off with them , you will like to see their smiles 
So , Fred , what are your plans for after graduation 
Well , I ’ Ve already got a job waiting for me back in my hometown 
That ’ s cool . Have you already found an apartment to live in 
I ’ m planning on living with my parents . Won ’ t you 
I couldn ’ t even if I wanted to . My parents told me that if I went home , then ’ d have to find my own place 
You mean they ’ re kicking you out 
Not really , they just don ’ t want me living at home . My older sister did that , and she lived at home for seven years . Once she started living at home , it got harder and harder for her to move out 
Well , it ’ s not like my parents want me to live at home the rest of my life . They said that it ’ s ok if I move back home to begin with , but they want me to find a place of my own after a year or so 
My parents just didn ’ t handle my older sister very well , and because of that , they want me to be more independent . They think that it ’ s important that I should learn how to live on my own 
I know I need to learn that myself , but I just don ’ t have the money for it at the moment . Living at home allows me to save up some money before I started finding a place 
Who is it 
Supervisor . Open the door 
Wait a sec 
What are you doing here 
We're watching a football match . What's the matter 
Your neighbors complained that you were so noisy that they can't sleep 
I'm sorry about this 
Please turn down the TV . And not another shout or I'll have to report you to the school administration 
You can rest assured that we won't disturb others anymore 
Is the room ready for the meeting , Miss Chen 
Yes , Mr . Li 
How about the microphone and speakers 
I also have done it 
Good . Have you prepared some paper and pencils for the participants 
Yes . They have been laid by their name cards on the meeting table for each attendant 
Lisa , I ’ Ve been thinking of something 
What is it 
Well . I ’ Ve done a lot of business for my company . And now I feel like going into business for myself 
Do you mean you want to sell up your company of your own 
There ’ s a possibility . What do you say 
That ’ s not a bad idea . Bet after all you should get some sound financial guarantee 
Can we have two tickets for this evening's film 
Sure.Which one 
Titanic 
Where do you want to sit 
Front , please 
Are these seats all right ? They're in the second rows 
Do you have seats in the fourth or fifth rows 
Sorry.We ' Ve nothing further back 
All right.We ' ll take the second row.By the way , how much is it 
Thirty yuan 
Fairly expensive 
Do you know anyone who ’ s had plastic surgery 
You mean like a breast enlargement ? I don't think that's really necessary . That's not the way a woman should stay attractive 
Why not ? Why can't we go back to the way things were 
Because ... I don't know . But , Connie , you wouldn't do that , would you 
Darned right I would 
Maybe make-up would be enough 
Come on , Liz . Be open-minded ! Look at my eyes , they are puffy . And my eye bags , they are dark and loose and full of lines and circles . I really hope surgery can wipe out the tired feelings 
But what would other people think 
I don't care what other people think . I am ready for a lift 
Jack , I don't know how to write my resume . Could you tell me about that 
You should first write your name and contact information 
What does the contact information include 
Such as your land line phone number , mobile phone number and e-mail box 
Anything else 
Then you should write your objectives , such as seeking a position in foreign trade 
I see . It is the position desired
Yes . After that you should emphasize your skills , educational background and related experience 
I see . Skills are about specialty , and educational background is easy as well . But what about related experience ? I have little work experience 
Don't worry . It will take time to accumulate experience . You need to be confident for yourself 
I see . By the way , should I write the educational background starting from elementary school 
Generally from the college
Thank you very much . I will write it right now 
When would you like me to send those plans over to your office , Mr . Montgomery 
It would be good if you could get them to me by Thursday afternoon , Ms . Barkley 
That shouldn ’ t be a problem . What is the exact address , again 
7880 Crofton Avenue , Building 40A , Room 304 
You've decided that you definitely want to purchase this particular one 
To be honest , I haven't really done much research 
I would recommend that you at least glance through these brochures , just to make sure that you have selected the right policy for you . Take your time , Sir 
Thanks for your advice , after going through all of these materials I've decided not to go with my initial choice 
Of course , Sir . If I could have your details again and your ID , I'll check them and we can go on 
hi , Isaiah . How are you 
I ’ m well . And you 
fine . How ’ s your job going 
I don ’ t know if I told you or not , but I decided to start my own business 
really ? That ’ s fantastic . What kind of business is it 
I ’ Ve started an investment banking firm with some of my old colleagues from Goldman Sachs 
how ’ s it going 
it started off a bit slow , but now , business is really booming 
that ’ s such great news . I ’ m really happy for you ! Where is your office located 
our headoffice is here in Beijing , but we ’ re planning on opening up two more offices soon 
where will those be located 
if all goes well , we ’ ll open one up in Hong Kong in April and another one in Singapore in October 
when will you find out 
we ’ re negotiating the final details of the leasing contracts tomorrow 
well , good luck . I hope it all goes well for you tomorrow 
thanks 
Is everything ready for Billy ’ s birthday party 
Yes . I ’ Ve finished making the birthday cake and I ’ Ve put all the things on the table . Did you find the party hats 
Yes , I did . I ’ Ve put one on the table for each child . I put up the big “ happy birthday ” sign too 
Thanks . Do you think we have enough for the kids to eat and drink 
I ’ m sure of that . There ’ s enough food here to feed an army 
That birthday cake looks wonderful , but you haven ’ t put any candles on it yet 
Thanks for reminding me . I ’ Ve prepared some party games for the children too 
I ’ Ve brought a tape with lots of children ’ s songs on it 
Hopefully , that will keep everyone happy 
This motor oil case is still really slippery 
Yeah , time for more coffee 
Sure , why not ? I think I want a chocolate chip cookie , too 
By the way , I heard Kitty's just got in a shipment of Jamaican Blue Mountain 
So what 
It's only the rarest coffee in the world ! Didn't your momma teach you anything when you were growing up 
What's wrong , Lisa ? You keep pacing back and forth 
I'm nervous . I have to make a big presentation in the meeting 
Don't worry . You'll do fine 
So , Casey , how are things going with the photos for the press kit 
Yeah , I ’ Ve been meaning to talk to you about that . I might need to ask for an extension on that deadline 
You ’ Ve had over a month to get this finalized ! Why are things delayed 
Well , the thing is , we ran into a lot of problems . . 
I ’ m not looking for excuses here . I just want to get this finished on time 
I know , and I apologize for the delay . But some things were just beyond my control . I had trouble booking the photographer , and then Michael was sick for three weeks , so I couldn ’ t include him in the photos , and the design team lost all the files , so I had to re-do the pictures 
I ’ m not going to put this off any longer , Casey ! I want those photos ASAP 
Happy birthday , John . Many happy returns of the day 
Thank you , Alice . Come in to the dining-room . I ’ m going to cut the cake soon . Have some please 
Well , making good wishes 
Ok . I ’ m pretty happy and I can go abroad 
Sure . We hope your wish will come true 
Excuse me , are you American 
No 
Do you speak English 
A little , but not very well 
How long have you been here 
2 months 
What do you do for work 
I'm a student . How about you 
I'm a student too 
What time does the train for Boston leave 
9:25 on Platform 12 , Track B 
When does it arrive 
It should be there at 11:45 , but it may be a little late 
How much is a one-way ticket 
It's $ 32.00 
We're broke 
I can't believe it 
The whether in Beijing is just beautiful 
Autumn is the best season in Beijing you know 
Yes . I can see . The summer heat is over . And the winter cold is still far away 
What is the whether like in Washington at this time of this year 
Autumn is also very nice In Washington 
Is it very cold in winter there 
No . it isn ’ t . But sometimes it slows a lot in winter 
Does it rain a lot in summer there 
Oh . Yes . Sometimes it rains very heavily
How about here in Beijing 
There ’ s a lot of rain in summer . But it seldom rains in autumn
I feel it ’ s rather dry here
That ’ s true . many people from the south don ’ t like the whether here 
Are you from south 
No . I ’ m from the north . I was born in Beijing actually 
I see . So this is your hometown 
Excuse me . Where can I buy some cigarettes 
There is a shop on the ground floor . It sells both Chinese and foreign cigarettes 
Can I also get some souvenirs there 
Yes , sir . There is a counter selling all kinds of souvenirs
By the way , where is the men's room 
There is one at the end of the corridor 
Thank you 
You are welcome 
Can you help me , please 
Sure , if I can
I want to send this small parcel to Canada 
By airmail or seamail 
How different are these rates 
Your parcel weights 420 grams . So it is 21.3 dollars by air , or 6.9 dollars by sea 
How long it will take by sea 
About a month 
Then , by sea , please 
Please fill out this form , and then take your parcel to the counter on my left-hand side 
All right . Thank you very much 
Not at all 
Are you interested in going sightseeing , Mr . Simpson ? I think you are here not only for the negotiation but also for sightseeing 
I heard that there are some beauty spots and places of historical interest in this city 
Shall we go to the Tiananmen Square first 
That's great . I trouble you so much . Thank you very much 
It's my pleasure . Shall we go there on foot ? It's very near 
OK , let ’ s go 
Mike , shall we book two tickets online 
Fine . Shanghai and Beijing are thousands of miles away . How about bullet train ? Faster and relatively cheap , I think 
Yeah . How many tickets remain 
Oh , what a shame . Only sleeping cars have tickets . Others are all out of stock . The price of the sleeping car is almost the same as the airplane.You see , the discount plane tickets are no more than 500 yuan . A good deal , isn't it 
Brilliant idea ! That will make our journey rewarding and much safer 
Labor is an abundant resource here 
One of many abundant resources , I'd like to point out 
Good morning , Mr Croft 
Good morning , nurse . I want to see the dentist , please 
Do you have an appointment 
No , I don't 
Is it urgent 
Yes , it is . It's very urgent . I feel awful . I have a terrible toothache 
Can you come at 10 am on Monday , April 24th 
I must see the dentist now , nurse 
The dentist is very busy at the moment . Can you come at 2 PM 
That's very late . Can the dentist see me now 
I'm afraid that he can't , Mr Croft . Can't you wait till this afternoon 
I can wait , but my toothache can't 
How are you doing , Andrew 
Not well . I ’ Ve been feeling pretty lonely lately 
But you have so many friends ! How could you be lonely 
You know what they say'a friend to all is a friend to none ' . I don ’ t feel like I really know any of my friends . In fact , I should probably call them acquaintances , not friends 
What about me ? I ’ m your friend 
I know you are , you are my girlfriend . I wish I had a guy friend to hang out with sometimes 
I know what you mean . I find it difficult to make new friends , too . It ’ s not as easy as it was when we were young , is it 
Not at all 
I ’ Ve made a lot of new friends since I started learning English . Maybe you could join a club or take a class to make some new friends 
That ’ s a good idea 
What kind of qualities do you look for in a friend 
I ’ m not sure . I guess I ’ d like to meet some people who have a positive attitude and want to have a good time 
People who play ultimate Frisbee have a positive attitude ; maybe you should join the ultimate Frisbee club 
That ’ s a possibility . Thanks 
David , what have you been up to lately 
I went on a trip with my family last week 
Really ? Where did you go 
We went to Europe 
What cities did you go to 
London , Paris and a few other cities 
Did you go to Berlin 
No , We didn't go there . I'd like to go there next time 
I think this summer is a good time to visit Berlin . It's a beautiful place and the people there are very nice 
That's what I've heard 
I went there last year . If you want , I can give you some information I have about the city 
Thanks 
We have absolute proof that you committed the crime 
That's absolutely ridiculous 
My goodness ! She is thirty seconds faster than the world record in 5000 metres race 
Excuse me , what did you say 
A Chinese girl has broken the world record in the Olympic Games 
That's incredible . I can't believe it 
You have to . It is sure 
How amazing 
What do you mean his grandmothers are already dead ? Wait a minute , you don't think he's avoiding me , do you 
Well you know , claiming that your grandmother is sick is the classic excuse used to get out of doing something 
Oh man , I hate rejection . It really makes you feel terrible , especially when you really liked the person 
Is there anything I can do to help ? Just remember that I'm there for you if you want to talk about it 
I just have to come up for air . I ’ Ve been here for too long a time 
OK . You ’ d better come back in two hours 
Why do you want to work in our company 
Well , there are 2 reasons . First of all , I'm itching to work in a foreign enterprise . Secondly , your branch is a new establishment in Beijing . I think I'll be assigned more workload and responsibilities here 
Can you tell me something about the balance sheet now 
Yes , of course . The balance sheet contains 3 major sections , that is , assets , liabilities and owner's equity 
I'll have to go now 
Drop in if you're free.Bye for now 
See you 
What do you think of the way people use and treat animals 
I think most people treat animals well , but we are often cruel to animals . When we raise animals for food , the conditions they live in are often poor 
Perhaps people should stop eating animals . We could grow more crops 
What would you do with all the animals ? You couldn ’ t just let them go . Besides , some people would still hunt them . Meat has become an integral part of our diet 
We could provide them with better conditions anyway . We should certainly try to improve the conditions at zoos . We should try to recreate the natural conditions as much as possible 
That ’ s true . I think zoo are a good idea , because they allow people to get close to animals . I think it ’ s good for kids to see wild animals 
I agree . I ’ m an adult and I love going to the zoo . I don ’ t like animals experiments though . I believe that we can do tests in other ways 
I read that the number of animals being used in experiments is falling dramatically as new techniques are being introduced 
That ’ s good news . The good thing is that most people treat their pets well 
Sometimes you read about people who have been cruel to pets or other animals , but those stories are rare 
Have you every given money to any of the charities that take care of animals 
Yes , I have . They do an excellent job 
Stewardess 
Yes , sir 
May I have a magazine or a newspaper please 
What kind of magazines would you like , fashion or sports 
I'd like sports , please 
OK . I'll be right back with you 
Oh ! I read this before . May I have another one instead please 
Hey , May , how are you doing 
Oh , I'm a little busy these days 
Why is that 
Don ’ t you know Christmas is coming ? I have a lot of things to get ready 
But you ’ re in China . Are you planning on going home for Christmas 
Yeah , so I have to buy presents for everyone before I leave 
Why not just give them money in red envelopes ? That would be much easier 
Americans don ’ t like giving money , they prefer presents you buy for them . So I have to figure out what to buy for all of my family and friends 
I've got it . I won ’ t bother you any more . You ’ d better hurry to do it , Christmas is just around the corner 
I will . Merry Christmas 
Oh , I must have been sitting in the same position too long . My legs have fallen asleep 
Shift it a little before you get up 
And I need to stretch my legs now 
Do you develop films here 
Yes , we shall . What size do you like 
Well , the 4 x 6 is fine 
Which do you prefer , color or black and white 
The last one is black and white , all the rest should need color 
OK 
I hope they will come out well . When should I pick them up 
They will be ready at noon tomorrow . Each negative develops one print , right 
Yes , it is . And develop them as glossy as possible 
No problem . Do you need another film 
Yes , a roll of Kodak film please 
It is totally $ 20 including the deposit for films 
Oh ! Is it too hot ? I'm sorry 
Let's blow on it 
OK ! Here you go 
Yummy ! Yummy ! Eat more 
Excuse me . Do you study Chinese at this university 
Yes , I do . But my characters are very bad 
It takes a long time to learn Chinese writing 
Are you Chinese by birth 
Yes , I am . I am from Guangzhou . I am here to study international relations 
How do you like it 
I like it so far . But my English still needs work 
I want to study Mandarin and public relations 
Are there any seats left for Saturday night 
I still have five seats in the mezzanine 
I suppose there's nothing cheaper , is there 
No . Nothing . I'm sorry 
I have a sweet tooth . I can not help but think about having something sweet between meals 
A new candy shop just opened around the corner last week . They have a variety of candies and it is always full of people 
That sounds really attractive . Let's go to that candy shop now 
Are you serious ? It is always crowded with many people 
why not ? I would like to buy some candies . Since there are so many people , I think they must have delicious candy 
Look at the candy bar over there . It is so colorful and tasty 
They have lollypops , chocolate drops , fruit candy , mints , pearbrittles and toffee . They are in different colors and flavors 
I want to get a big bag and buy a little of everything 
Me too . I finally understand why a small shop like this can always befilmed with dozens of people 
To be honest , I care only about whether I can have some delicious candy eat . I couldn't care less about whether the shop is popular or not 
You are a candy terminator . Be careful or you'll get a lot of cavities 
That is true . Speaking of cavities , I am starting to feel something is wrong with my teeth now . Let's get more strawberry chocolate drops before we go home 
You really can't live without candy 
What's wrong 
I have a headache . These past few days I've been living off painkillers . Man , I feel like my head is going to explode 
You should get acupuncture treatment . My mom was always having headache issues and it was acupuncture that cured her 
The results are too slow . On top of that , just the thought of smoking needles poking into my flesh frightens me 
They don't just randomly stick you , they find your pressure points . The heat allows the body to immediately respond to the treatment , restoring the body's " chi " 
But I get scared the moment I see a needle . How could I stand having needles in my body for hours on end 
The needles are very thin , and as long as the doctor's technique is good , and the patient himself is relaxed , it won't hurt-on the contrary it will actually alleviate pain . Now there are high-tech needles that are micro thin ; they don't hurt at all . However , if you are really scared of acupuncture , scraping or cupping are also options 
Scraping is too terrifying . When they finish scrapping , your body is all red , as if you were just tortured . Cupping is the same , your body ends up with red circles all over . It looks like someone beat you up 
This only signifies that the toxins have left the body . Actually , there is only discomfort during the treatment process . Once it's over you feel very comfortable 
Chinese medicine is strange . The patients are already ill , and then the doctor makes them suffer more 
This is the only way to get at the problem . Anyway , if you want to relieve the pain , you are just going to have to be tough and do it 
Forget it . I don't want to inflict any more pain on myself . In a little while I'll go and buy some more painkillers and take a nap 
I'm here for my appointment 
What can I do for you today 
I have an issue with my schedule 
Tell me the problem 
I have two classes on here that are at the same time 
Oh , I see 
Can you change that for me 
Do you still want both classes 
Yes , I would like to keep both classes 
I'll try to change one to a different day 
I would greatly appreciate that 
Miss , which is the movie channel ? I can't find it 
Let me help you . OK , this is the one you want . Push this button to change the channel . We have 6 channels in all . Have a good day 
Thanks so much 
Hi , may I get you anything to drink 
Yes , please . May I get a glass of lemonade 
Would you like an appetizer 
May I get an order of barbeque wings 
Sure , would you like anything else 
That'll be fine for now , thank you 
Okay , tell me when you want to order the rest of your food 
Excuse me . I'm ready to order 
What would you like 
Let me have the baby-back ribs 
Sure , will there be anything else that I can get you 
That will be it for now 
You're in great shape , Keith . Do you work out at a gym 
Yeah , I do . I guess I'm a real fitness freak 
So , how often do you work out 
Well , I do aerobics every day after work . And then I play racquetball 
Say , I like racquetball , too 
Oh , do you want to play sometime 
Uh ... how well do you play 
Pretty well , I guess 
Well , all right . But I'm not very good 
No problem , Rod . I won't play too hard 
Well , I'm thinking of going to see the ballet Swan Lake by the famous Russian National Ballet Troupe this evening at Beijing Grand Theater . Why don't you join me 
I'd like to , but I've got to write a term paper . It will be due by this Thursday 
You always work too hard , Jim . As the saying goes , all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy . You should spare some time for a rest 
I know it is no good for my health if I am staying in the classroom all day . But how about my paper 
Just take it easy . Come on with me 
I'm terribly sorry I can't go with you . Shall we find some other time 
How's your mother doing 
She is so pretty sick 
That's too bad . I wish your mother can recover soon 
Thank you 
Is that Room service 
Speaking . What can I do for you 
I have made a reservation for my breakfast last night . But I still haven't got it . I am so hungry now 
I am sorry.sir , I will check for you.what ' s your room number 
203 
Fine.we we'll send it to you right now 
Mr . Zhang , are you still there 
Yes 
Can she call you back ? She is about to start a meeting 
That will be fine 
Good afternoon . what can I do for you 
I want to pick up my valuables 
May I have your key please 
Sure . Here you are 
Here is your valuable . Is that right 
Yes , thank you 
Do you want some dessert 
No thanks . We just need our check . Have you seen the waitress 
Where is our waitress anyway 
Yes , the service hasn't been the best . Is that our waitress over there 
I'll walk over and get the bill , since I don't think the waitress is coming over here any time soon 
Good idea . Just bring it back and we'll figure it out together 
So the bill is $ 36.00 
How much do you think we should leave for a tip 
My first inclination is to leave nothing for a tip 
I agree , but we don't really know the whole story . There may have been problems in the kitchen beyond her control 
Let's leave 10 % , so that we at least leave something for the service 
I agree . We will leave $ 3.60 for the tip 
Would you like something to eat 
Thank you . No . I ’ m late for dinner at my house . I really have to go 
Would you like to call home 
I ’ d appreciate that 
Please use the phone 
Thanks 
Hello , is that Xiaogang Li who applied for the Solar Studio of our college 
Yes , speaking 
I want to know whether you will come to the interview . So have you accepted offers from other companies 
No , I haven't got one by now . I will go to the interview of yours 
I can't decide what I should do 
What's the problem 
Should I date Tom or should I date Harry 
That's easy . If I were you , I'd date me 
Well , this is certainly a nice place , Mr . Taylor . What sort of public transportation is nearby 
Please , call my John . Well , there ’ s a subway stop and bus station just around the corner . Do you have children 
Yes , two 
Well , in that case , the schools in this area are very good 
We send our kids to private school , but that ’ s good to know too 
Oh , well . As far as other conveniences in the neighborhood , there ’ s a grocery store just up the block , and there ’ s lots of little shops nearby 
Great . Well , we ’ ll have to think about it , but the place looks great 
Here ’ s my card , just give me a call if you ’ re interested 
Right Rebecca . Now I see that after graduating from University your first job was ..
For a local paper in York called the York Herald . Actually , I started with them as an intern in the beginning . I was really keen on getting some experience in the journalism , and this seemed like a g
Certainly . And after your internship 
They seemed impressed , and offered me a position as a junior local news reporter . I ended up staying two years there actually . I was in charge of the sports news section of the newspaper . I really
Yes I see . But you decided to leave them in 2006 right 
Yes , that ’ s right . My husband and I moved to London , and so I managed to find a position with a National newspaper based in London 
The London Weekly right 
Yes , in some ways it was a step down from my previous job but it did offer me much better prospects for the future 
Would you like to have a piece of cake 
No , thank you . I'm on a diet 
Why ? You're not fat 
I'm considering entering for the beauty contest this summer , so I must have a slender figure 
Women of all shapes would be beautiful if they are self-confident 
I'm afraid the judges do not think so . All the beauty contests are for slim girls only 
Well . There's a beauty contest in Thailand just for fat beauties 
How much do they weigh 
All the beauties who entered the contest were over 80kg 
But I'm not fat enough to enter that contest 
Hello 
Hello , is Doris available 
This is Doris . Who's calling please 
Hi , Doris , this is Mike calling from Parker's Dentistry . I'm calling to confirm your appointment for tomorrow morning at 9 am with Dr.Parker 
Oh , I almost forgot . Thank you for calling to remind me . Actually . I do need to change the time of my appointment . I have a scheduling conflict . And I can't make it that early 
If I put you in at a later spot , would that work out 
It would have to be after lunch . Do you have anything available about 2 o'clock 
Sorry ma'm , the only opening we have after lunch is one fifteen , but I might be able to work you in after 4 . would that be a better time 
That ’ s alright , . I think I should be able to make it at one fifteen . Can you put me down for that time slot 
No problem . I have you appointment changed from tomorrow morning to tomorrow afternoon at one fifteen 
Wonderful . Thanks very much 
Hi Melissa , are you going home this weekend 
No , not this weekend . I have too much work to do 
Where do your parents live 
My father lives in Washington DC 
How about your mother 
My mother died two years ago 
Oh , I am sorry to hear that . Is your father still working 
No , he's retired 
Do you have any family here 
Yes , two of my cousins live here and my aunt and uncle live about 30 miles from here 
Do you have any brothers or sisters 
Yes , I have two brothers who live in New York and a sister who lives in Boston 
Do you see them a lot 
Not as much as I'd like to . Usually just on holidays like Thanksgiving and Christmas 
It's very thoughtful of you to invite me to your wedding 
How can I forget my old friend 
My best wishes to you and the bride 
Thank you very much 
How did your company's fundraiser go 
The fundraiser events went really well . We were able to partner with a few of our competitors , all in fun of course , to sponsor a marathon for the American Cancer Society . All of the people who participated it had a great time , and we were able to raise a lot of money to contribute to cancer research 
So how does it work ? How were you able to make money with the marathon 
Each of the runners that participated the marathon race paid a ten dollar entrance fee . Also , they went door to door to get sponsors who pledged a dollar per mile that participants ran . All in all we were able to raise several thousand dollars 
Sounds like a great deal for the American Cancer Society 
In all honesty , it's also a great deal for our company . The exposure that we gained from sponsoring an invent like this was great for our image in the community . We accomplished as much as last year's advertising campaign , plus we were able to do a little fundraising for a good cause 
Have you bought a lot of new clothes for your vacation 
No , I haven't . I've decided I ' m going to travel very light this time 
What does travel light mean 
Oh ! It means that I'm going to take only a few clothes , so I didn't have to carry a heavy suitcase 
Excuse me , is this the baggage claim area from KL17 
Yes , can I help you 
Well , this is my baggage claim tag . Can you get my baggage now 
OK , here you are 
Thanks a lot 
This is my favourite restaurant 
It looks very nice and the food looks delicious 
Yes , there might be some food you have never eaten before 
Really 
Oh yes . Like this , for example . Have you ever eaten jellyfish before 
No , I haven ’ t . I have never eaten jellyfish before 
What about these ? Have you ever tried pig ’ s brains 
No , I have not and I ’ m not sure I want to try them now 
May I come in 
Yes , please . I ’ m Mr . Peter , the Director of Personnel . What can I do for you 
Nice to meet you , Mr . Peter . I ’ m Wang Sian . I ’ Ve come for an interview as requested 
Oh , yes . How do you do , Miss Wang ? Sit down , please 
Thank you 
What was your major in school 
I majored in Public Relations 
Have you done any work in this field 
Yes , after my graduation , I worked in a trade company in Macao for one year 
What section did you work in 
The export Business Section 
So you must be very familiar with export procedures 
Yes , very much 
That's good 
How is grandpa doing recently 
Not good . The doctor told him not to smoke again , but it just rolls off him like water off the duck ’ s back 
Maybe I would talk with him someday 
I hope it will be of some use 
Sarah . You look terrible . What's wrong 
My grandmother just passed away 
I'm so sorry to hear that . When did this happen 
A couple of days ago . I just go back from the funeral 
Is there anything I can do 
No ... not really . The sad thing is that I wasn't there when she died . I really wanted to be there one last time 
I'm sure she knew you loved her . Did she pass away in the hospital 
Yeah . She died in her sleep 
I'm sorry she's gone 
At least she didn't suffer 
I think your grandmother would want you to think of all the good times you spent together 
I know . But I miss her 
When my grandmother passed away , I frequently visited her in the cemetery . I always talked to her . Even though she wasn't there , I somehow knew she heard what I said 
Yeah ? That's what I was thinking too . Thanks 
It looks like you haven't eaten anything all day . We should get you something to eat 
You're right ... I should eat something . Let's go 
So do you think I can take it 
I ’ d stay over there , if I were in your shoes 
I know , but things are getting a bit out of hand and I just can ’ t do nothing 
See your problem ? You get so restless when it ’ s time to calm down 
You ’ re right 
Hi , Doris . You look a little bit down . What's the matter 
Well , I'm leaving Japan and I'm going back to London , tomorrow 
Really 
Yeah 
How do you feel about that 
Well , I do feel quite down because I am going to miss Japan after being here for 9 months , in Japan . I am going to miss it so much , cause I've had a great time here 
Mm , so what are you going to miss about Japan 
Oh , I am going to miss the people , the food , the night life . Especially the nightlife 
What especially about the night life are you going to miss 
Well , I really like dancing . And I enjoy going out to night clubs and to restaurants and eating Japanese food also and I'm really going to miss that because it's very different to London 
How are the clubs different in Japan than in London 
Well , here there are many different clubs you can get into , for free , you don't have to pay , some of them . In London it's really expensive for drinks and an entry fee 
Did you like the Chanel bag that I got 
You must have a rich boyfriend because that bag is so expensive 
I bought it on eBay . It was only one-tenth of the original price . And the purchase was so easy 
No kidding ! Then how do you know the bag's real 
Well , it came with a certificate , and it looks real . But auctioning on eBay is risky 
A risk I would never take ..
Then you haven't browsed eBay before ... get online . Don't hang up 
Next is a ballet performance , but who is the dancer 
I'd swear that's Eddy from circulation 
Since when did Eddy start doing ballet ? 
Not very long from the looks of it 
Look ! He has a partner 
He's dancing with Jack 
Gross 
The wei-ya is the one time a year you can make fun of the boss 
But I think Eddy is going too far 
You're right . They are spinning pretty fast . Aren't they getting dizzy ? What if they fall ..
Oh ! Ouch ! That must've hurt 
How embarrassing 
Excuse me . Where is Q-Duck ? I remember it was around the second intersection of this street 
Q-Duck ? Do you mean the famous roast-duck store 
Yes , definitely 
They have moved to some other places long time ago 
Wow , this place is quite different from ten years ago when I first came to China 
Yeah , a lot of changes have happened here 
This street used to have few stores . But now , you can see supermarkets , shopping malls and department stores everywhere 
Yeah , they are my wife's heaven , but not mine . I always get lost in the supermarket 
Me too ! I was lost three times ten years ago . There were no English directions then 
Is that better now 
Yeah , there are many English signs , and wrong spellings as many as them 
Tell me a little bit about yourself , please 
My name is Steven and I live in Beijing . I was born in 1980 . I have graduated from Peking University . I majored in business administration 
What kind of jobs have you had 
I have been a production manager 
Would you like to tell me something about your outstanding achievements 
I introduced an advanced product line , which increased the output and lessened the cost 
What special skills do you have , can you tell me 
I have experience in computer operation , proficiency in Microsoft Word and Microsoft Excel 
I know in your resume that you have worked in your present company for 3 years . Can you tell me why you want to leave your present job and join us 
Because the job I am doing in my present company is of no challenge , but I like challenge . Your firm is a young organization with many innovative ideas . It has been very successful in expanding market since its establishment 10 years ago . Working for you would be exactly the sort of challenge I am looking for 
Well , I think our interview is complete then . We will give you a call in ten days or so 
Thank you , Mr . Smith 
What's our target audience for this campaign 
This go-around we're focusing on new moms , families with median income and one or more children under the age of two 
Do you think that's much different from the succor moms we tailored the last campaign for 
Well , there are some similarities that come up . Because both groups are made up of mothers ... so as before , we can play up on maternal instincts , hygiene , safety , along those lines . But that being said , there are some specific differences that come into play because we are dealing with mothers of infants here 
Right , that makes sense . What's the average age 
Demographics say an average age of 28.7 , educational background of university or post-grad , annual household income of 40-50 K a year 
Does bullfight interest you much 
Absolutely ! Everything that ’ s thrilling turns me on 
So I ’ Ve got two tickets to the latest show but I need a little favor from you 
What is it 
How did Jim get the money 
He borrowed it from Nick 
He must be mad ! Nick is a loan shark 
He was too desperate to find some other way 
What would you be doing in U . S . A 
Most of the time I'll be on a tour , enjoying the beautiful scenery there 
What do you want to see particularly 
I'll go to the Yellow Stone Park , and Great Canyon 
Have you ever shopped online 
Quite often . It is very convenient , saving me a lot of time 
Do you have some experiences to share with me ? I want to have a try 
You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can ’ t receive your delivery in time 
What about the registration procedure ? Is that complicated 
Not at all . You just need to provide your name , address , e-mail address , phone number and bank or credit card information . I will help you with that 
It is so nice of you 
Hi , I was wondering if you have my test results in 
I didn ’ t see anything out of the ordinary , but I want you to log onto our website for a printout of all of the details 
So , basically , I am OK 
If there were any major problems , I would always notify you by phone to come in 
What will I learn when I see the results on the website 
A description of each test is given on the site 
What will the numbers tell me 
The website will give you a normal range and then tell you what your results are 
Are all of my test results on that site 
Your entire test history is on the site . You can compare your results from other years 
Whose part do you think is best played 
That of the old man 
You're absolutely right ! That's the very figure I like best 
Some of the scenes moved me into tears 
Good morning . I came in answer to your advertisement for a salesperson 
I see . Will you walk this way , please ? What experience have you had 
I'm afraid I haven't had any experience in just this sort of work . I'm studying business administration in college . I want to get a job that would tie in with my studies 
Have you got any selling experience at all 
I worked in a department store in a small town last summer vacation 
Now tell me about your educational background 
I graduated from Beijing University . I majored in business administration 
What courses have you completed 
The courses I completed are marketing , business law , business English , statistics , marketing principles , sales management , distribution theory , economies and psychology 
What subjects did you like most at university 
I liked sales strategies most 
Why would you like to work with us 
It's an interesting job , and your company is one of the best known . Although I have no work experience as a salesperson , the job description you sent was very interesting . It's a job I've been dreaming of when I was at university 
What are your future plans and what kind of expectations do you have of the company 
I have an interest in marketing and I would consider graduate study in business in the future . I think my goals will become more clear as I gain experience in sales and marketing 
Good . Do you know anything about this company 
Yes , a little . As you mentioned just now , yours is an American capital company . As far as I know your company is a world famous one which produces cosmetics and skincare products 
Have you got anything to ask me 
Will traveling be required in this position 
Yes 
How often 
Three times a year at most . How do you feel about this 
That's fine 
It ’ s over 
What is over 
Our relationship . I mean my friend and I ..
Any reasons 
The cause is another boy 
Oh , that ’ s too bad 
Did you have a good weekend 
Well I wanted to go for a picnic but it rained too much 
Oh I see . So what did you do then 
I washed my car instead 
Ahh . And how about on Sunday ? Did you watch the football 
No I didn ’ t . I worked in the morning then I played tennis with my husband 
Hello , Fred . What are you doing 
I'm doing the business online 
Can you tell me the concept of e-commerce ? Now , many people mentioned the word , ' e-commerce ' , in front of me 
E-commerce , or Electronic Commerce is the practice of purchasing and selling products or services over the Internet 
What kinds of channels can you use in e-commerce 
We can complete a trade by email , electronic data interchange and smart cards , and so on 
What are the benefits of e-commerce 
Firstly , it can overcome the geographic limitation . And secondly , e-commerce can lower the internal costs . And thirdly , people like us , can also open stores on Internet 
How things have changed now 
Hi ! I need to request a wake-up call for tomorrow morning 
What time do you want the call 
I need two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen 
We can certainly do that . Expect a call from us at 7 o'colock and then again at 7 fifteen 
Actually , can I change the latter wake-up call to 7 thirty . am 
I can certainly do that . Is there anything else 
I can't think of anything . If I do think of something , I'll be sure to call again 
Okay . Good night , sir 
Hey , Ray , what are you doing right now 
Not much . Joann . Do you want to hang out 
Yes , I do . I ’ m at home myself right now with nothing much to do 
Me , too . What would you like to do 
Well , we could go to a movie . Have you see Shrek 2 
I have , actually . How about the movie , Million Dollar Baby with Clint Eastwood 
Hmm ... I ’ Ve seen that , too . We could go for a walk in the park 
We could , but it looks like it ’ s going to rain soon 
I guess that ’ s out . Why don ’ t we go shopping 
I ’ d really rather not . I ’ ll be too tempted to buy something that I can ’ t afford 
Ok . I guess we ’ d be not do that , either , then . What do you want to do 
I don ’ t know . Do you want to go bowling at the new bowling alley on 1st street 
I would like to , but I injured my wrist last weekend 
Let ’ s see . Do you want to go to a bar and sing some karaoke 
That sounds interesting , but I can ’ t drink alcohol with the medicine I ’ m taking 
Doesn ’ t sound like that ’ s be fun , then . Do you want to come here 
I don ’ t have a car 
Goodness , we ’ re not having much luck here , are we 
No . do you have a car 
No , but I could take the bus 
Oh , good . Why don ’ t you take the bus to mine and we could play Mah Tiang 
That sounds great ! Have you eaten 
Not yet . I ’ ll cook dinner and have it ready by the time you get here 
Perfect . Are you prepared to give me all your money 
Huh ? We are going to play for money , aren ’ t we 
Oh , right . I suppose so . As long as you promise to lose 
Hey ... as long as I ’ m not alone on a Saturday night , I don ’ t really care what I do 
See you soon 
Bye 
Excuse me ..
Yes , sir . How may I be of service 
I would like to return this item ... Are refunds allowed 
Certainly . The customer is always right , we are here to serve you . Is there a reason that you would like to return it ? Did you have problems with our product or services 
No , no ... It was just the wrong size 
Would you be interested in an exchange as opposed to a refund ? I think I can help you to find the appropriate size 
No . I would rather just return it 
Sure , no problem . Do you happen to have the receipt 
Yeah , right here 
Ok , just a moment , please . Here you are , I need you to sign here , please . And here is your refund . Is there anything else I can help you with 
No , thank you 
You're welcome . Have a nice day 
Good morning . Can I help you 
I want an American breakfast with fried eggs , sunny side up 
What kind of juice do you prefer , sir 
Grapefruit juice and please make my coffee very strong 
Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs , sunny side up , grapefruit juice and a black coffee . Am I correct , sir 
Yes , that's right 
Is there any thing else , sir 
No , that's all 
Good morning , sir . I've brought the breakfast you ordered 
Just put it on the table , please 
Do you need anything else , sir 
No , thanks . Ah , yes ! Can I have some more juice for the minibar 
What kind of juice would you like , sir 
Tomato , orange and apple juice , please 
Yes , sir . I'll get them for you right away . Would you please sign this bill first ? Thank you , sir 
What can I do for you 
I want to get a package of cigarette 
Have you a taste for this kind 
No , this kind of cigarette is too strong for me , I desire a mild one 
What about this 
It suits my taste , I'll take it . Do you have lighters 
I have a lot of them 
Show me the one made of plastic 
OK , here you are 
Thank you 
Hi , are you being helped 
No , I'm not . I am interested in some scarves 
All our scarves are in this section . What do you think of this one here ? It's made of silk 
Hm , It looks nice , but I ’ d like to have something warm for the winter 
Maybe you would like a heavy wool scarves . How about this one 
I think that's what I want . How much is it 
It's 75 dollars plus tax 
It's a little expensive . Do you think it's possible to get a discount 
Since you like it so much , how about a 10 % discount ? That's the best I can offer 
That's good . Could you wrap it for me 
Sure . Is there anything else I can get for you 
No , that should be it . Thank you 
May I come in 
Come in , please 
I'm sorry to trouble you , but I'd like to ask when I will get a raise 
In 3 months or so 
You said the same thing three months ago 
Did I ? Well , anyway , you will get your raise when the economy starts picking up 
You mean that I won't get a raise until the recession ends 
Yes 
I got the message . I'm quiting 
Nah , don't be so fast . We like your work here , but this company is on hard times and I can't be handing out raises for anyone 
I've been here for 3 years , and I haven't had a raise in all that time . If you like my work , it should be reflected in my pay , and I feel it isn't 
I hear what you're saying , and I wish there were something I could do 
Very well , consider me gone 
What do you think of the novel you just finished reading 
I like it a lot . It has a very funny beginning , I think . It attracts your attention the moment you begin reading it 
What do you like best about it 
I like the plot . It's so full of twists and turns . I also like the main character . She is so humorous and smart 
What do you think of the ending 
The ending is a bit weak . It's so abrupt , like those of most other detective stories 
What does this have to do with me 
You know all about coffee . I need your advice , so I won't look stupid when I order 
Order tea . Isn't that what you like to drink 
Come on , Hugh ! Tea is for wimps ! Please , I need your help 
If you want to be macho , order a double shot of espresso 
Now you're talking . That sounds good . What is it 
Do you have any seats available 
Yes . This way please 
What's the special today 
I recommend our New English Pizza 
Then give me a large one and an egg drop soup 
Okay . Wait a minute please 
... So what I think we need to do is ( XXXXXXXXXX ) finish on time 
Sorry , Tom , can you say that last bit again please ? We didn ’ t get that 
Oh , OK , I said ( XXXXXXXXXX ) on time 
Sorry Tom , We're having problems hearing you here . It ’ s a bit hissy . Can you hear us 
( XXXXXXXXXX 
Hello 
( XXXXXXXXXX ) but I don ’ t think you can hear us . ( XXXXXXXXXX ) Hello ? ( XXXXXXXXXX 
Tom , if you can hear me , I think we ’ Ve lost you . There ’ s a problem with the line . Let ’ s try again . We ’ ll call you 
( XXXXXXXXXX ) OK ( XXXXXXXXXX ) 
Congratulations ! Is it a boy or a girl 
It's a boy 
Good afternoon , Felix Wassermann Associates . Lawson speaking , how can I help you 
Hello , this is Miao Eng calling from Lincoln Bank 
B :: Miao Eng ! I'd know that voice anywhere . What can I do for you ? Any problems 
No , not at all . I was just calling to tell you that everything has been checked and double checked , and there is no problem with the documents you brought in this morning 
That is good news 
Shall I go ahead and process them for you 
Perfect . Thanks very much for calling . See you soon , bye 
Would you like to have some icecream ? I've got a variety of flavors for you to choose from . I've got strawberry , peach , chocolate , coffee , vanilla and praline 
Wow ! So many choices you have ! I wish I could , but I just can't . I'm on a diet to lose weight 
Come on , just a bite . It doesn't really hurt to have just a bite 
I'd better not . Please don't tempt me . Please 
Gee ! You are really strong-willed 
You're damn right . I'm not so easily coaxed into doing something that I think is wrong 
Well , I'd better not tempt you . Otherwise , if I give you a piece of cake , you might ask for a glass of milk 
Can I help you 
Yes . I'd like to borrow these books 
Just a second . I'll see if I can find them for you 
Thanks 
Here you are . You must return them within a month 
What happens if I'm not finished with them in a month 
You can come in and renew them unless someone else has reserved them 
OK.Thank you very much for your trouble 
No trouble at all . So long 
I found it at a garage sale once 
What a find ! So , how much does it cost 
Well , because I like you ... ninety bucks 
Ninety dollars is pretty steep . I'll take it for sixty bucks 
Sixty bucks ? No-can-do , son . You'll be lucky if I go down to eighty-five 
Eighty-five ? That's the best you can do ? I'll come back later ..
What does it cost to ride this bus 
The fare is $ 1.25 
Have you been driving buses a long time 
I haven't been driving for long — only for a few months 
Do you like to drive the bus 
Not in the least bit 
I would have never dreamed of ever becoming a bus driver 
I never dreamed of doing this either . The only thing I like about it is the money 
It was really fun chatting with you 
It was really nice talking to you too 
Have a good one 
I'll have a good day once this day is over 
Look at the cloud 
It's going to rain 
Let's go quickly 
Maintenance Department . May I come in 
Come in , please 
Did you call us 
Yes . The television is not working properly 
What's the problem 
The remote control doesn't work . I turned on the television , but I can't change the channel 
Let me have a look . I think the batteries should be changed . Let me replace them with new ones . Now , it's working 
That's great 
Is there anything else I can do for you 
No , thanks 
If you have any problems , just call us 
OK . Thank you 
I need to get on another bus , but I have no more money 
Where'd the rest of your money for the bus go 
I spent it on a bag of chips 
Well , that was an intelligent thing to do 
You don't have any spare change 
No , I don't 
How am I going to get home 
You should just ask the bus driver for a transfer 
How much does that cost 
It's free ; just go ask for one 
Thanks for letting me know 
No problem , just go ask 
Hello , Mike , long time no see . How's everything going 
Not bad . Thank you . You look great today . And how is your husband 
He caught a cold yesterday , but he feels much better now 
Well , I'm glad to hear that . Please give my regards to him 
I sure will . Thanks 
I wish I had access to the public library 
it's easy ! Just go and get a card 
Mary , how was your date with john 
it's ok . It seems we have a lot in common 
oh , really . That is great news . What does he look like 
he is tall and slim , fair-haired 
sounds like he is pretty cute . What do you think of him 
he is a nice guy and very considerate . I was impressed with how smart he was and he has a great sense of humor 
Are you leaving 
I ’ m going to work 
You have a job 
I ’ m going to work at the polling place 
You ’ re working there this year 
I work there every year 
How are you able to work at the polling place 
I applied for the job online 
Sounds like fun 
It ’ s a fun job 
They don ’ t pay a lot , do they 
They pay enough 
Nurse , I am sure to die soon . They just don't tell me the truth , I know 
But I don't think so . No one has ever said a word that you are to die , only yourself . That means you are not willing to die , right ? Actually , you are recovering and what you imagine as your worry is slowing down the treatment . Many cases worse than yours turned out to be hopeful and successful . You must be confident . Your condition is much better physically , but a little bi difficult mentally . The most important thing for you now is cooperation with us 
Is what you said really true 
Of course . I am a nurse and a nurse tells the truth 
Thank you 
Anything interesting in this city 
We have a beautiful natural park 
It's worth the time 
Come on.Let ' s walk there 
Man , I'm hungry . Do you know a good place to have lunch 
Yes , I know a great place . What types of food do you like 
Mexican , Japanese or Chinese would be great 
Oh , I know a place where you might like to eat 
Is it close by 
It's down a block on the right ; can I show you the way 
OK , I'd love the company 
This will work out well . I'm getting hungry just thinking about it 
Did you punch in 
Yes . By the way , you are having a great make-up today . I like the color of your lipstick . So adorable 
Really ? It took me really a while to find the color . I am happy you like it 
Well , girls like us are happy to spend our time on those kinds of things . Actually , do we still have a meeting this afternoon 
Sure , when those never ending meetings 
How do you like your job here , Linda 
It's interesting , I like being an editor 
Why 
I like talking to writers , I get to meet a lot of interesting people 
I'm happy to hear that , but publishing is more than just talking to writers . it involves a lot of work , patience and responsibility . Most of the work is boring 
I don't feel bored at all . I'm getting along with my colleagues . I will enjoy working with them . People are great in this industry 
Do you have any complaints 
No , I have no complaints . I hear there are many opportunities to move up in this company . is that true 
Yes , you have many opportunities to grow in this company as long as you do well 
That's perfect . I will definitely do well 
Does the material stand washing 
Sure.This material is not only washable but also unshrinkable , sun-resistant , crease-resistant , resilient 
Is it drip-dry 
Yes , you have a good eye for materials 
Why , Tom ? It's five to six already and you are still writing here 
So what ? Are we going anywhere 
Yes , have you forgotten ? We have arranged to go to Mary's to watch some videos tonight 
Oh , I'm sorry I forgot all about it.Well , can I take a rain check 
What's the matter with you ? You are the one that persuaded all of us to go there 
I'm terribly sorry , Rose.But I have to finish this paper by tomorrow or professor Martin will kill me 
Hello , is that 2896919 16 
Yes , this is Holiday Inn reservation 
Can you book me a room with a bath for August 28 
Yes.Your name , please 
Which season do you like best 
Autumn . Autumn is the best season in Beijing 
I like autumn , too . Where I'm from , Autumn is the best time of year 
Thanks for coming to see me today 
It's no problem . I was really missing you anyway 
I missed you too 
Why haven't you tried to come see me then 
I've been really busy 
Doing what 
Working 
I would've come to see you sooner , but I've been busy too 
What have you been doing 
I've been working too 
Well regardless , I'm very happy that you came to see me 
I am too 
Don't have some relation with him . You know , he is not a kind man 
Yeah . Sometimes I just cannot accept his behavior 
If you attack him , be sure you ’ ll get a Roland for an Oliver 
OK , it ’ s better to be far away from him 
Come to think of it , there is one rule in this house , Mary 
What is it 
When you go out with friends , I don't want you to stay out too late 
Okay 
We maintain a curfew for Cindy because she's just 16 
How late can we stay out 
You can stay out till 10 p . m 
But if we're going to be late 
Then you call me or Tom first 
we really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation ! Did you see the long lines behind us 
yeah , I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving 
let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share 
what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms 
I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa 
well , let's get a plate of those then 
sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course 
I think I might have a dahl 
what's in a dahl 
it's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice 
that sounds nice . Do you want to share some kebabs as well 
ok . How about some lamb kebabs 
that's my favourite . Do you want to have some wine or beer 
I think I'll have a beer 
ok , shall I flag down the waitress 
I wouldn't recommend it . I think we should wait until she comes round 
you're right . That might seem a bit rude . It's a good thing I've got you with me 
what would you do without me 
Here ! Here ! Use my card 
No you don't ! I should treat my new brother-in-law 
Not on my life ! I'm the best man , so I pay 
OK , OK . On one condition 
What's that 
You come back here with me tomorrow , and it's my treat 
You've got it ! But are we coming back for the music , or for the fruit ? 
What am I supposed to do with this plastic cup 
That cup is for a urine sample 
How , exactly , does this work 
This particular test calls for you to urinate into the cup after you have urinated a little into the toilet 
When I finish , what should I do then 
You need to leave the cup in the cubby in the restroom , and the lab tech will get it from the other side 
What is my doctor testing me for 
If there are bacteria in your urine , it could mean an infection somewhere 
Will I know the results right away 
Your doctor will be contacting you with the results 
Excuse me . Can I open a postal savings account in your office 
Of course . What kind of postal savings account do you want to open 
Hum .. Can you recommend me one with high interest 
OK . We offer a few different kinds of postal saving services . They have different interest rates 
I want the one with the highest interest rate 
That would be our Savers Plus account . You must pay 10 000 yuan into your deposit account . In this way you can get 5 % dividend at the end of the year 
All right . I'II open this one 
Just fill out these forms , and I ’ ll be with you in one second 
Thanks 
What's your favourite steps 
It's hard to say . But I do love waltz very much 
How about rumba 
To tell the truth , I don't like it 
Really ? You must like tango , right 
Oh , it's really beautiful , but I just can't dance it well 
Don't be so modest . I'm sure you can dance it very well . Let's dance it now 
OK . I'll have a try 
Oh , you dance it so well 
Thank you for your compliment 
I think I'm your lucky fellow 
Excuse me , is this seat taken 
I ’ m afraid this seat is taken 
Oh . is it . Thank you anyway 
You ’ re welcome . Why don ’ t you ask the conductor when he comes by 
Thank you 
Look , George , There's the Great Wall 
I see . It's on top of the hills 
Yeah , it stretches over for thousands of miles 
I know . It's a major symbol of China 
Where can we climb it 
Do we have any choices 
Well , we could take the cable car 
Ah ... let's just climb . It's more fun , I think 
Okay . Let's go 
Well , that was tough 
But we made it 
This looks great . When was it built 
It was first built about twenty-five hundred years ago 
That's remarkable 
There are so many ancient relics in China 
May I order , please 
Of course 
I would like sirloin steak and tomato salad 
Do you take dressing on your salad 
Yes , blue Cheese please 
Now I know why I split up with Mike . We found we were simply not good for each other 
In what ways 
Well , he is a typical Sagittarius guy , while I am a Cancer . We aren't really compatible
Ha-ha , so you believe in astrology 
What's strange about that ! As a person born under the sign of Cancer , I am home-loving and wish for a peaceful family life . But according to astrology , Sagittarius guys are too adventurous and risk-taking.They seldom think of leading a settled and peaceful life 
Is that so ? I'm afraid it is too narrow-minded to judge people using astrology . It's all stereotypes 
But in my case , the fact matches the theory . Mike is humorous , energetic , always as fresh as a daisy , but probably too ambitious . It frightens me 
But as far as I remember , you two caught on like a house on fire when you first met 
Exactly . But later on , he cares more about his career than love . Work seems to be the better all , and all for him-so much that he doesn't even grudge sparing a day out with me 
I have puzzled my brain about how to teach the children 
What is your problem 
My children can never be obedient even if I criticized them severely 
You need not always do that . Why don ’ t you pat them on the back occasionally 
Bell Captain . May I help you 
Yes . This is Mr . Wang in Room 1305 . Please send up a boy to help me with my luggage 
Certainly , sir . How much luggage do you have 
Well , two big suitcases and two small bags 
I'll send someone up right away 
Do you mind if we call on you this evening 
Of course not , we'd be happy if you could come.What time will you be able to come 
How about seven o'clock 
Fine.We ' ll be expecting you 
Have you seen the news that there is a serious flood in the South 
Yes . I've got to cancel my traveling plan 
What a pity ! I know you've been longing for it these months 
The only thing I can do now is waiting for another chance 
Hi . I want to get something nice for my niece 
Well , I've never heard of a little girl that didn't love Barbie dolls 
I like that suggestion . Show me one , please 
Here you go — Digital Barbie 
Oh , my niece will love her ! How much for her 
Barbie is our best seller . She's only $ 29.95 
That's great . I'll take her 
Your niece will love this . Anything else 
Thank you , but no . This will do it for now 
With the tax , your total is $ 32.42 . Would you like to charge it 
I'll pay cash , thank you 
Thank you for shopping here 
what are your strong points 
well , I ’ m very good with people . I ’ m honorable . I work hard . I work well under pressure . And I ’ m patient 
what kind of people do you like to work with 
I like a person who works hard . I don ’ t like lazy people 
what ’ s your greatest strength 
well , this is a challenging question . I suppose I would say that I ’ m a quick learner 
so , you ’ re smart 
I think so . I think that I am good at what I do 
what do you consider your weakness 
I ’ m not good at speaking in public . I feel uncomfortable when I speak in public 
that ’ s not a problem . It ’ s unnecessary for this position 
Hong , I really need to call back to the UK but I can ’ t afford to pay for the roaming charges 
Well , why don ’ t you use a local SIM card 
Can I do that 
Yes . Just go to the convenience store and ask for a SIM card . Then insert it into your phone 
I see . How much will that cost 
Well it ’ s 100 RIB for the SIM card then it will cost you about 10 RIB per minute to call the UK 
Wow , that is cheap . Thank you very much 
Excuse me , I have something to trouble you 
Yes ? I'll be very glad if I could be of any help to you 
An hour ago , I bought this vase with my tourist 
Oh , yes . I remember it clearly . Is there anything wrong with it 
I'm afraid so . We found this crack on the bottom when I went back to my hotel 
Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please 
Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes 
It's very kind of you to say so . How about changing another one for you 
All right . Thank you 
Just a minute , please . I won't be long . I'm sure this one is perfect . You may examine it carefully 
Oh , yes , it is . I'll take this one 
I'm very sorry for any inconvenience I've caused you 
Well , there's no reason to apologize for such a trifle thing 
I came to this lab to have my blood drawn 
You are in the right place . Roll up your left sleeve and have a seat 
What am I being tested for 
Your doctor wants to know what your white blood cell count is 
What does my white blood cell count tell him 
Usually if your white count is off , the doctor suspects an infection 
How much will it hurt 
It is only a pin prick . I have to put this tourniquet on your arm to make the vein easier to find 
Is that my blood going into that tube 
That blood that just filled the tube is all that I needed . Thanks for coming in 
Hello ? Hello 
( No response ; Silence 
Hello ? Who is calling , please 
( No response 
Listen , I know who you are . If you call this number again , I ’ ll call the police . You ’ ll be arrested . I ’ Ve got your number 
Why do you want to be a stewardess 
I have always enjoyed flying . And I am good with people 
Could you handle flying for 24 hours straight 
Yes , I can adjust to anything 
That's good 
I am also calm under pressure and trained in first aid 
You should very qualified 
Thank you . It has always been my dream to be a stewardess 
Hi , my name is Violet . Come with me , and I'll help you wash your hair 
My hair is kind of dry and brittle ..
I'll pick a shampoo that's just right for your hair type . Sit right here , and rest your neck on the side of the sink . Is the water too hot 
No , it's just perfect 
Let me know if I'm using too much force 
No , really , it feels great 
OK ! You're all set ! Come back with me to your seat , and Eva will be right with you 
Jason Emory speaking 
Hi , Jason . It ’ s Elizabeth Montgomery . Have you got those plans drawn up yet 
Yeah . They were just sent over to your office . You should have them in about half an hour 
Thanks a lot . Sorry to trouble you 
Excuse me , Mr . , Macmillan ? Could you tell me the fax number for Mr . Winthrop ’ s office , please 
Sure . I have it right here . 232-2453 . If that one doesn ’ t work , try 232-2456 
Okay – that ’ s 232-2453 , or 232-2456 
That ’ s right 
Ted is so scared by dogs that he shakes in his shoes whenever he sees one 
The reason is that he once was bitten by a dog 
No wonder 
Where are you going to spend your holidays this year , Tom 
We may go abroad , my wife wants to go to Egypt , and I'd like to go there too . We haven't made up our mind yet 
Will you travel by sea or by air 
We may travel by sea . It's cheaper 
I'm sure you'll enjoy yourselves 
Now the coals are just right . I can start grilling 
Here you go . I made up the burger patties for you 
Thanks . Smell the hickory chips ? They give the meat a nice , smoky flavor 
I'll take over for a while to give you a break 
Sorry . This is a one-man job . I've got the grill just how I like it , and I've made up my own special sauce 
Then I'll tell folks the food's ready . Come and get it ! I've always wanted to say that 
The boy threw up 
That's disgusting 
Those are today ’ s top stories . Now let ’ s go to John for the weather . John , what does the forecast look like for our weekend travelers 
I ’ m afraid we ’ re in for a rough weekend , Mary . There is a storm system moving through the East Coast . It will be drizzling all day today , and there ’ s a 60 percent chance of thunderstorms this eve
That ’ s pretty chilly for the summer ! Will it rain on Saturday 
Unfortunately , yes . It will be clear early Saturday morning but there is a high chance of showers and thunderstorms later in the day . There is a severe thunderstorm warning for some parts of the Sout
That certainly sounds like a dreary Saturday 
It gets better on Sunday , though . The storm systems move east and the skies will clear up at night . It will still be rather cool , with highs in the low 50s . The West Coast will be experiencing some
Hi , how are you doing 
I'm fine . How about yourself 
I'm pretty good . Thanks for asking 
No problem . So how have you been 
I've been great . What about you 
I've been good . I'm in school right now 
What school do you go to 
I go to PCC 
Do you like it there 
It's okay . It's a really big campus 
Good luck with school 
Thank you very much 
I ’ d like to make a collect call to Beijing China , please 
What ’ s the number you are calling , please 
The number I am calling is 86-10- 4016-9988
What ’ s the name of the person you are calling 
Marty Smith . M-A-R-T-Y , S-M-I-T-H
Thanks . What ’ s your name and phone number , please 
My name is Jennifer Smith . My phone number is 610-934-9901 
Thank you . I ’ ll put the call through for you . Hold on the line , please 
Passport , please , madam 
Just a minute , please . It's in my bag . Here it is 
Thank you . Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form 
All right . Shall I enter all my belongings 
No , only the articles listed on the Declaration 
My sister was taken to the hospital yesterday
What happened 
She was hit by a car . Luckily , she wasn't seriously hurt 
Let's buy some flowers , and pay her a visit
We'll have to hurry ; visiting hours will be over soon
OK . Let's go
I was wondering if I could collect unemployment benefits 
Did you get laid off 
I am still working for now , but I might get laid off 
You may collect unemployment if you are working fewer hours or got laid off 
Does everyone who gets laid off get to collect unemployment 
No , some jobs are exempt from paying into unemployment 
How can I find out if I can collect 
Your employer can tell you if you have been paying into unemployment and now qualify to collect 
How will I know how much I can collect on unemployment 
It depends on how much you earned . When you file , they will determine the amount 
I heard you are going to move 
Yes , I found a better house near my office . I ’ m very satisfied with it . But I ’ m worrying 
What are you worried about 
I ’ m worrying about how to move all of my household stuff . You know , I have a lot of stuff 
You can call a mover 
How much dose that cost 
Around 200 RIB for a truck 
I think it ’ s a little expensive 
But think about it , you just need to pack your stuff and leave everything for the movers , how much trouble you will save 
That ’ s right 
I know a mover which has a very good reputation for their service . I ’ ll leave you their phone number 
Wonderful 
It ’ s 8357688 8 
Okay , thanks a lot . You did me a great favor just now 
You ’ re welcome 
What would you reckon the taxing increases 
Well , the state will benefit a lot , I suppose 
But what do most people think about it 
Ah , it ’ s hard to say 
Hello Mr Waterstone , what can I do for you today 
Hello , Becky . Well , you see , I have this thing here , called a Fixed Deposit Certificate , and I've just noticed the date on it 
Oh , I see . You have two choices here you can either redeem or renew 
I think I'll redeem , if that's not a problem 
No problem at all , Mr Waterstone . Any preference as to how you want the money 
Anything you like , but not too many large notes . It's useful to have smaller notes 
Here we go , Mr Waterstone . Here's your money and your interest note 
Yes , yes . Everything's fine . Thank you very much , Becky 
Good coming ! Welcome to J P Interior Design 
Hi , I saw the sign outside says that you do all kinds of interior design 
Yes , we do . Do you have any specific needs 
Well , I am thinking about redesigning my kitchen 
Do you prefer some specific style 
Yes , I prefer a more contemporary design 
What kind of color tones do you like 
Blue , green or earth tone colors . I do not like the colors that are too bright 
I see . And what kind of feeling do you want to create for your kitchen 
I'd like it to look simple , neat and relaxing 
Fine , we will take an actual look at your kitchen before start working on it 
No problem . How about 10 ' o clock this Sunday morning 
Okay . Would you please leave your address and phone number 
Of course . This is my card . See you then 
I want to lose some weight 
So do I 
I have a yoga class tomorrow . Do you want to come with me 
No , it's too expensive for me . I've decided to take some exercises on my own 
What are you going to do 
Run around the track . In the morning I run for an hour , and in the afternoon I run around the building 
Good , I am sure it will work if you can persist 
I hope so . Would you like to join me 
Sounds good 
Is everything to your satisfaction 
No , the steak was recommended , but it is not very fresh 
Oh ! Sorry to hear that . This is quite unusual as we have steak from the market every day 
So what ? It is not fresh and I'm not happy about it 
I'm sorry , sir . Do you wish to try something else ? That would be on the house , of course 
No , thank you 
Help ! Help 
What's the matter 
Today is Saturday , isn't it 
Yes , what's wrong 
What's the date today 
Today is September 28th , 2007 
I have a meeting this afternoon 
When will it begin 
It will begin at three o'cock . What's the time now 
It is half past one 
I have to go now . I don't want to be late 
Don't worry , time is enough 
I'm going to the fair now.if any one looks for me . ask them to call the fair 
What is the telephone number there 
8826789 4 , extension to 208
When will you reach there 
About ten.another thing is that I want an appointment with the customer at Changing hotel at three thirty this afternoon.please help me phone the customer so we can confirm now 
What is the customer's name , and what is his room number 
You can check them from the fax yesterday 
Ok , I'll phone the customer right away.Do you want to pick him up at our office 
No , I'll discuss the business with him at hotel 
How do I take the tablets 
Please take 2 tablets each time , 4 times a day 
How do I take the sucking lozenges 
Please put one under your tongue , do not swallow it 
How do I take the pills 
Please dissolve one pill in water before taking it 
Well , thanks very much 
You're welcome 
I want to buy some flowers for my wife's birthday 
Red roses are always a popular gift for birthdays 
What are the roses going for 
They're only $ 20 a dozen 
That sounds nice and cheap 
Yes , you're saving money because they're on sale today 
Okay , give me the roses 
Could I interest you in anything else 
No , but thanks anyway 
Your wife will be thrilled with the roses 
Hello , excuse me 
Hello ! Is there anything I can help you with 
Yes . I wanna know where I can get on the bus going downtown 
Go straight then turn right , and you will see a big bus station there 
Ok , I see . Thank you 
You are welcome 
OK , guys . Here's the plan . Get the ball to the goal , and keep it away from Rich and Taylor 
Why ? Are they good 
They played ball at school . Here we go . Yi-jun , go out for a pass 
I'm ready ! Whoa , what a hard throw ! I can't get that 
Catch it , Yi-jun ! Run to the ball ! Uh-oh ! Slow down , you're going to hit ..
Ummmph 
What college are you attending 
I am in Nanjing University . I am a junior 
Why did you choose to attend that college 
Because it enjoys great reputation and it is located in my favorite city Nanjing 
What kind of college is it 
Ii is distinguished for the strength of law and foreign languages studies .
How does the political system work in your country 
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament . Most people call them mp ’ s 
Each mp belongs to a political party , right 
Almost all of them do . A few are independent . That means that they do not belong to a party . If one party more than half of the mp ’ s . they form a government . That means that they choose a prime Finist
What ’ s a cabinet 
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp ’ s who are usually ministers . They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy 
Can any mp make a law 
Any mp can present a law to parliament . The proposed law is debated and voted on . If it is accepted , it becomes law 
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties 
Yes , it does , because they have most of the mp ’ s . most mp ’ s vote the way their party wants them to 
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for 
They produce manifesto . These documents which states their policies . Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election . Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle
Hello , Ms . Barkley . How are you 
Fine , thank you , sir . It ’ s nice to see you again 
Good to see you again , too . How ’ s you family 
Very well , thank you , Mr . Parker 
Could we go over some things , because I think my test score is wrong 
What do you think is wrong , the math or the way your answer was scored 
Both 
I am willing to take a second look because teachers make mistakes , too . Will that work for you 
Yeah , I'm ready 
Check your answers against the ones on the answer sheet and let me know where you see the mistake 
These look strange 
Yes , I agree ; let's move on to the calculating of the score . Would that be OK 
OK , let's do the calculation 
We add all of these up and divide by this and that gives us this percentage 
I see 
Anytime you have a question , please feel free to ask 
Where do you live 
I live in Beijing 
What's your permanent address 
My permanent address is Apt . 401 , 238 Zhongshan Road , Beijing 
Where is your birthplace 
My birthplace is Suzhou 
Where is your domicile 
My domicile is Beijing 
Give me your telephone number , please 
( My telephone number is ) 139xxxxx345 
I've been learning to play go recently . It's an amazing game 
Weigh ? It must be a greatest Chinese invention . I've tried hard to learn it . Its rules can't be any simpler , but I've never won a game of Go . Well , it's all Greek to me 
At least you have obtained a very basic understanding of the game , haven't you ? I think it is perfect for boosting intelligence , cultivating personality and flexible learning . Every intellectual wishing to gain any insight into Chinese culture should learn to play Go 
I heard it is included in the four major arts of China , is it 
Sure . It was considered desirable that a well-educated ancient Chinese scholar could be well versed in zither , weigh , calligraphy and painting . I think weigh is the most fantastic of them . It embodies ancient Chinese wisdom and cultural profoundness 
I know it is quite different from Western chess 
Yes . Playing chess is a very aggressive experience . All the pieces are supposed to capture their opponents . Whenever I start a chess game , I can't help but imagine a concrete battle in which all fighters stand ready to kill 
But isn't it the same with wiki 
Certainly not . The object of weigh is to surround a larger area than the opponent . In other words , each side is struggling for a greater living space by mapping out a territory on the board . Hence , chess aims to kill , while weigh is most concerned with howso survive 
May I come in 
Yes , please 
How are you doing , Madam ? My name is During . I am coming to your company for an interview as requested 
Fine , thank you for coming . Mr . Wu , Please take a seat . I am Anne Smith , the assistant manager 
Nice to see you , Mrs . Smith 
Nice to meet you , too 
Did you move into your new apartment 
Yes , but I ’ m afraid it ’ s still a mess . I haven ’ t put anything away yet 
Don ’ t worry . It ’ ll probably take you about three weeks to get everything organized 
Don ’ t say that . It looks like a dump now . I can ’ t stand it 
Have you taken a walk around your neighborhood yet 
Unfortunately , yes 
What do you mean by that 
I took a long walk through the neighborhood this morning on my way to the train station . It took me 20 minutes 
Yes , but you only pay 800 dollars a month . Emm , it ’ s hard to decide which is better , shorter commuting time or lower rent 
I thought paying a lower rent would be better , but now I ’ m not sure 
Is there a supermarket nearby 
Yes , if you consider 7-11 is a supermarket 
Sounds like you better buy a bicycle 
That ’ s right , or I ’ m going to spend a lot of time walking 
Merry Christmas , Mr . Wang . I would like to give you the book I specially chose as my appreciation for your sincere help to me in the past few days 
Thanks , Mr . White . That's very kind of you 
I hope it will be of some use to you 
I am sure it will . It'll be of great help in carrying on the work I have done so far 
That will be great 
Excuse me , is this taxi taken 
No.May I help you 
Would you please drive me to chinatown 
Oh , that's where I'm going 
Are you going to vote this Tuesday 
Yes , I am , and I am so excited 
Have you figured out who you ’ re going to vote for 
I love my candidate 
Why is that 
My candidate is probably the most intelligent 
Is that right 
I also agree with all his policies 
That ’ s great 
I know he ’ s going to be the next President 
Hopefully , he will be 
I can ’ t wait to vote 
Excuse me , I am Dunlin . I am here about your advertisement for a tourist guide . Are there still any vacancies 
Yes . One more is needed 
Oh , I'm so lucky . I want to apply for it 
But do you have any experience like that 
Yes . I have been a guide for two years 
OK.Then I want to ask you some questions about the tourist guide.If there wasn accident , for example a tourist falls ill , what would you do 
I think I will call the office to send someone to meet us , and escort that person to the nearest hospital without interrupting our trip 
If one of them forgot a camera in a restaurant , would you let the tourist bus go back 
No . In fact , prior to their boarding the bus and their getting off the bus , I will make an announcement to remind them that they should check their belongings 
Well , it seems that you have all the practical experience to handle these cases . I am very glad to welcome you into our company 
Thank you . It's my honor 
Did you hear what happened to Mike in Accounts 
No . What 
He got arrested on Friday night and spent the night in jail 
No . Really , what happened 
Well , it was all a big mistake , actually . He got home on Friday night really late , and apparently he'd been out drinking with some clients , so he was really drunk 
Was he out with the guys from the bank 
Yes , I think so 
Oh , yeah , they always get really drunk 
Well , anyway , he'd somehow lost his wallet and his house keys , so he couldn't get in . He lives alone , you know 
Oh , really . I thought he lived with his wife 
No , she left him last year 
Oh , really ? Do you know why 
Hang on , let me finish telling you what happened . Where was I 
He lost his wallet and keys 
Oh yes , well , he tried to climb in through the bathroom window , but apparently he slipped and broke the glass with his foot . The neighbors heard him and thought a robbery was in progress , so they called the police 
Oh , no 
Yes . So when the cops arrived , they didn't believe his story
So then what happened 
Well , when he sobered up , he called someone from work to come and bail him out 
Well , that's a bit of a tricky situation 
Yes , I know 
Happy birthday , Ms . Lin . Here is a present for you 
Oh , thank you ! It's very kind of you . Ah , it is a porcelain vase 
I hope you like it 
Yes , it is lovely . I have been expecting something like this for a long time . Thanks ever so much 
I am glad you like it 
OK , Devon , I've been putting on a few pounds and you're quite a lean fit guy 
Well , thank you 
What do you recommend ? What can I do to lose weight 
Well , I exercise a lot . I go running at least three times a week . But more than that I enjoy playing sports and so different sports use different muscles and all of it helps to lose that weight that you might have gained 
Yeah , well , actually , one of the problems is that I actually exercise a lot 
Do ya 
Yeah , so maybe it's my diet 
It could be and so in that case you might want to eat something perhaps more nutritious or maybe even less of what you do eat . Maybe , I eat three meals a day and I try not to snack in between . No potato chips . No popcorn . No candy bars 
That's pretty tough 
Hello , Pineapple Computer Company . This is Janice Shaw , the secretary of Nova . May I ask who is calling 
Good morning . This is Dan . Could I speak to Nova 
I feel so sorry that Nova has gone on her business trip 
Really ? When will she come back 
Maybe next weekend . She only mentioned this before she left 
Well , the reason why I am calling is to tell her that our appointment in next month will have to be postponed . And the exact time for this meeting will be discussed after she comes back 
Wait a minute . I have to leave a memo here . Anything else 
The file for the meeting needs to be retyped and please send it to us as soon as possible 
Dan , don't worry . I will tell her everything as soon as she comes back 
Can I take your drink order 
Where is your wine list 
The wine choices are posted on the little menu in the middle of the table 
Do you have any mixed drinks available here 
We can make a number of mixed drinks at our bar 
I heard that you are famous for your drinks . What are your specials 
Our house special is our Cuervo Gold margarita 
I would love a margarita right now ! That is what I am going to order 
Can I prepare your drink on the rocks , or would you prefer it blended 
I prefer my margarita on the rocks , please 
Do you like your margarita with salt or no salt 
No salt , please 
Do you like ethnic food 
I do ! My favorites are Mexican , Thai , and Indian 
Really ? Have you ever tried Moroccan 
I can't say that I have . What are the basic ingredients 
I don't know . A friend of mine said I should try it 
Do you know where a Moroccan restaurant is 
As a matter of fact , he gave me this address 
Let's go there for lunch ! I'm up for an adventure 
Oh , Linda , you must be so excited about going to study in America 
Oh , yes , I am . I have always wanted to go to the States . I love meeting new people . And making new friends 
Well , I'm sure you will 
Well , there's one thing 
What's the matter
I'm a little worried about my host family . You know , in the agreement I have to do some cooking for them 
Maria sings like a lark , doesn't she 
Yes , she's almost equal to Celine Dion when she sings 
Maybe she'll make a famous singer in the future 
You can bet on that 
Can you help me find a lotion for a problem I am having 
That ’ s what I am here for . What questions can I answer for you 
I have poison oak , and I need help with the rash that won ’ t stop itching 
The best product is Techne , and you can buy either the lotion or cream 
Which one is best 
The cream form is very popular 
Can I do anything else to help with the itching 
You could also take an antihistamine to help the rash go away quicker 
I appreciate you helping me find a solution to the itching 
Anytime you have a question , please feel free to ask 
Excuse me , could you please show me the way to the human resource department 
Yeah , but have you made an appointment ahead 
Yes , of course . I am Monica . I have made an appointment with your HR manager 
Just a minute please . I ’ ll make a call to the HR office . Yes , they confirm your appointment . Please come in . it is on the 3rd floor , room 3106 . You can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today 
Thank you very much 
You ’ re welcome 
I have a complaint to make . I've just been badly treated by a rude maid 
Well , we are sorry to hear that.May I have your name and room number ? We will deal with the matter right now 
Ted.room 2012 
Mr . Ted , I have to apologize for that and I assure you it won't happy again 
Hello ! How do I restock my minibar 
You've drunk everything , sir 
I finished it all 
Do you want the whole minibar , or just certain items 
Send me up three bottles each of Perrier and Jim Beam 
That's three Jim Beams and three Perriers . Anything else , sir 
The apples in my room were delicious . Bring me a few more , please 
Okay . Are you sure there isn't anything else 
You know , some grape juice would be really nice , too 
Be patient for just a few minutes , sir , and someone will be at your door 
So click here , then up to the top 
Er ... Hum ... Got it 
Then open that window . Yeah , that one 
Right 
And that's it . You're done 
I see what you mean . That was pretty easy after all 
What's all the security check about , Jimmy ? Does it mean the bar may be a dangerous place 
No , of course not . Just in case . Nothing to worry about . Don't you also do this in China 
I don't know . Maybe the same . Actually , this is my first time being in a bar 
Oh , then it's my honor to be here with you . I can see now why you've been so curious about the bar . You like this place 
Sure . I love this place , especially the decoration . So tasteful 
Yeah . Other than that , the real feature is the excellent drinks . Can I have your ticket 
Here it is . But , what for ? We're already in 
Well , with the ticket , you can get a free drink . What would you like ? Orange juice 
Yes , orange juice will be fine for me . But how can you get the drink ? It's so crowded there around the counter . You can barely move 
I'll show you how . The bar tenders know whose turn it is . And also , I can snap my fingers to catch his attention 
Cool . Thanks . ( Jimmy brings May a glass of orange juice . 
Oh , fresh juice , I love it . Well , I heard American people love hanging out in bars . Is that true 
Not everyone . But a lot of people do , especially the young . It's a fine place to spend an evening with friends or to make some new friends 
Interesting . Hey , look over there . The dance floor is already packed with people . Oh , the girl in red dances great 
Yeah , a dancing queen . Wanna go and join them 
Maybe later . I wanna take some photos first 
OK . Let me help you to hold the drink 
Thank you 
Who's better at chess , Bill or Fred 
Both are superb in their skills.Anyhow , Fred is one up on Bill from my point of view 
You said it 
Excuse me , is this seat taken 
No , please feel free 
Thanks a lot 
Do you work in Shanghai 
Yes I do . How about you 
No , I'm a tourist . This place is amazing ! It's much bigger than I imagined , and much more exciting ! There's so much to see here 
You can say that again ! It's much more modern than people imagine . Where are you from 
Um , well let's see ... I'm from Kansas originally . A much quieter and more peaceful place than here , that's for sure 
Uh huh ..
My name is James Owen . I ’ m Manager of Sales . How do you do 
How do you do 
Thank you for coming . Did you have any trouble finding the office 
Oh , no . It was easy . Your office sent me a map 
I apologize for this mess . They ’ Ve got me handling so many projects , and it ’ s hard to keep things organized 
That ’ s OK . Thank you for seeing me 
Well . Miss Sun , as you know , we are looking for an executive secretary with good English skills and some business background . We looked over your resume and thought you might be a good candidate 
Thank you 
Today's interview is for us to get to know a little about you . If needed , there will be a more lengthy interview later . So , if you ’ re comfortable , let's begin 
OK 
What's today's date 
It's January 
I'm quite upset ! I want a new room and a refund for tonight 
Forgive me , sir , I haven't been told what the problem is 
I'm about to be swept away by millions of cockroaches 
My apologies , sir . We'll transfer you to a new room at once and give you a full refund 
Thank you . I didn't want to have to take this to court 
Sir , we never want a guest to stay here mad or unhappy 
May I have your order now 
Yes , we'd have your regular dinner . What courses are there , please 
The courses for our regular dinner are , appetizer , soup , beef steak , dessert and coffee 
All right , we'll have it 
What kind of dessert do you want 
Do you have some chocolate cakes 
Yes , we have 
OK , we will choose it 
Wait for a moment , I'll come back soon 
Welcome to the McDonald's . What will it be for you , madam 
One Big Mac and French Fries 
Is there anything else 
Give me one coke , please 
Is this to go or to eat here 
To go , please 
That comes to four dollars and ten cents 
And can I have some ketchup , please 
It's on the service counter over there . Please go to help yourself 
You saved my life yesterday , Rachel . I can't believe I forgot to bring my wallet when we went to lunch with those clients 
It was a good thing I had enough on me 
Let me buy you lunch today to pay you back 
I couldn't look at you , and say you aren't beautiful 
You are pretending 
No , Miss Anna , you must let me say how lovely you are ! What's wrong with that 
It's wrong because---it isn't true 
You know that everybody notices how beautiful you are , don't you 
Well , no-that is , I've heard Linda say they do , but ... Thank you . But please don't speak to me again 
Oh , Miss Anna ! That's too hard ! I won't be here long 
is this seat taken 
no . please sit down 
thanks 
are you also going to Beijing 
yes , on a business trip . How about you 
I'm taking a vacation to visit a friend there . Have you ever been there before 
yes , I went there once last summer 
really ? What did you think 
I think it is amazing . You can enjoy both the traditional Chinese culture as well as the vitality of a modern cosmopolitan city . The only thing I didn't enjoy was the subway 
was it that crowded 
yes . There were always so many people . After taking the subway during the rush hour , you ’ ll envy sardines in their cans 
oh , maybe I can take the bus or even rent a car 
that's a good idea . Wish you a great vacation 
thank you very much 
So , how'd everyone do 
Well , there's this clock I was ... MY vintage clock ! How do you have my clock ? 
Your vintage clock ? ! I just paid sixty-five dollars for it 
Sixty-five ? What the ... ? How did you bargain him down , Wei ? You've never even been to a flea market before 
It must be my special touch . I think bargaining is in my blood 
Never underestimate a woman when it comes to bargaining 
David , what's new with you ? You are not in the mood . Can you tell me 
After six months , my college life will come to the end . The following trouble will be the job-hunting . That's really a headache 
Do not take things so seriously , my pal ! Every one of us will face the trouble and job-hunting is inevitable . Take it easy ! Believe in yourself and some day you will be successful 
It sounds reasonable . Maybe I should look on the bright side 
Guess who I saw yesterday 
I don't know . Who 
Avril Lavigen 
the Canadian rock singer ? But I heard you had a part-time job yesterday . How did you see her 
yeah , I worked as temporary staff in her concert . Look , her poster , a CD ..
so you're a big fan , eh 
not really . But I like some of her songs . She's actually very talented . She's a song writer and fashion and fashion designer , too 
and she was in a movie once again , right 
yes , though I don't think her acting skills are that great 
what was your impression of her when you saw her in person 
she looked sweeter than her pictures 
did you take a photo with her 
no , there were too many people . When she got out of the car , her fans were all screaming , trying to give her flowers and ger her autographs 
crazy 
Hello , Steven . Can you do me a favor 
Sure . What is it 
My car has broken down 
You should telephone the garage for help 
I have done it . But now I have an urgent appointment to keep . Could you drive me to the subway station 
With pleasure . Get in 
Thanks a lot 
How many places have you worked altogether 
Three 
Would you tell me the general description of your present job 
I am in charge of the trading department . I'm handling invoices , shipping bills and computing freight costs , that's most of the documentation 
What time do you go to work 
I must be there no later than 9:00 
What time does the office close 
I quit work whenever I get finished , usually about six o'clock 
Does your work involve a lot of paper filling and typing 
No , the secretary does this . It's not part of my job 
What made you decide to change your job 
I am working in a small company where further promotion is impossible , so I decided to change my job . I'd like to find a job which is more challenging 
Are you going out , Jack 
I'll be right back . I just need to mail this package 
Well , I ’ m glad I had a chance to see these samples , but I ’ m really not in a position to make a decision right now 
Would you like me to leave the samples with you 
Yeah , why don ’ t you do that , and then you can give me a call sometime next week 
Fine , Mr . Grant . Thanks for your time . I ’ ll talk to you next week 
I really just have two problems with this 
Yes , sir 
I ’ m concerned about your lack of marketing experience and , frankly , your age , you ’ re pretty new at all this 
I can understand that . Let me see if I can clarify some things for you 
It's terrible how things have changed . You remember there used to be trees on all these hills 
Really ? There aren't many left now 
No , they've all been cut down and now all the soil is washing away 
Were there any animals in the forest 
Yes , I can remember it very well that there used to be all sorts of animals and birds . But nowadays you just don't see the birds that you used to see around here 
Put on the helmet , please 
Do we need to put on the jackets too 
You ’ d better , to protect your clothes . Now please watch your step 
Thank you . Is the production line fully automated 
Well , not fully automated 
I see . How do you control the quality 
All products have to go through five checks in the whole manufacturing process 
What ’ s the monthly output 
One thousand units per month now . But we ’ ll be making 1,200 units beginning with October 
What ’ s your usual percentage of rejects 
About 2 % in normal operations 
That ’ s wonderful . Is that where the finished products come off 
Yes . Shall we take a break now 
If ever you ’ re in Chicago , please do look me up 
Well , yes , I ’ d like to , if it ’ s not too much trouble 
No trouble at all . I think maybe you will meet some of my friends here as well 
That ’ d be fine 
How's the building work going 
Well , I'm afraid we've had a slight delay 
What's the problem ? We really can't have any delays at this stage . We're working to a really tight schedule and we're already over budget 
The cement arrived late but don't worry , I'm confident we can still meet the deadline . The crew is on stand-by and as soon as the concrete has set we can get started again 
OK . Keep me informed . Jt must be ready on time 
You married Joe , didn't you 
Joe ? I don't know what you mean 
I remember you are in love 
Oh , I took a shine to him when we met for the first time . But it comes and goes 
It's Greek to me 
Welcome to our restaurant , Chez Attitude 
Our reservation is under the name of Foster at 7:00 for four people 
Yes , Mr . Foster , our hostess will be with you in just a moment 
We would like to begin with a cocktail while we are waiting . Would you tell the hostess to please come and let us know when our table is ready 
I will let her know where you are 
The patio tables look really nice . Could we be seated there , please 
I could seat you right away at an outside table if you would like 
Thanks ! We'll sit out there then . We will just order our drinks out there 
Well , can I start you off with some cocktails while you are looking over the menu 
Yes , why don't you bring us a bottle of the house Chablis with four glasses to start with 
I'll get on that right away 
We appreciate your help 
What do you need me to do 
Will you please copy these diplomas tor me 
Sure . How many copies do you need 
15 copies for each diploma 
Fill it up , please 
Fine . Do you want your windshield cleaned 
No , thank you . I don't have time . How much is that 
It comes to $ 15 
Hi Benjamin . My name is Dr . Green . What seems to be the matter 
I've been feeling pretty ill for a few days now 
what are your symptoms 
I feel chilly , I've got cramps , I keep throwing up , and I feel dizzy and tired 
it sounds like you might be a bit dehydrated . Do you feel thirsty most of the day 
yes . I can't seem to drink enough 
have you been drinking plenty of water 
no , just soda 
ok . Well , we'll have a nurse take some blood in a few minutes to see if you're dehydrated . First , let me feel your pulse 
that seems to be a bit low , but that's not uncommon when you're ill 
is anyone else sick in your home 
no , but my girlfriend has mono 
I see . I'll have the lab techs run some tests to check for mono as well then . The burse will come in then to take your blood , we'll run some tests , and then you can go home . You should hear from us
thanks 
Excuse me . Do you have the time 
My watch is a few minutes fast . It's about six forty , I think 
Is it ? Oh , no . The concert will begin in twenty minutes . Are we too late to get there 
If we start now , we can make it by taxi 
That dog has white long hair . It ’ s lovely 
She is my dog . I like her very much 
What ’ s her name 
Her name is Fluffy . She is a sweet dog 
My dog has spots . He is very strong 
But I don ’ t like big strong dogs 
Is this your umbrella , miss 
Oh , yes , it is . Thank you . I was looking for it just now 
You look a bit familiar to me . I wonder if I have seen you somewhere before 
Have you 
May I ask where you live 
Just two blocks away , in that tall building 
That ’ s it . I live there , too . I live on the sixth floor 
My family move in just two weeks ago . We live on the fourth floor 
It ’ s a small world ! May I know your name , miss 
I ’ m Chen Ming 
How do you do , Miss Chen ? I ’ m Song Mei 
I ’ m glad to meet you , Mr . Song 
Are you going to your office now , Miss Chen 
No , I ’ m going to the airport to meet some friends from Beijing 
Excuse me 
Yes ? What can I do for you 
I just checked in , and there's a problem with my room 
And what is the problem 
I asked for a non-smoking room , and I don't have one.My room smells like cigarette smoke . I can't stand it.Could you change my room , please 
Let me see ... I'm sorry , but we don't have any more non-smoking rooms.We won't charge you for your room tonight 
Thank you 
I'm very sorry about this 
That's OK . Thanks for your help 
Can I go to my room , now 
Yes , just follow the porter , Mr.Wilson 
Thank you , sir 
Hello , Bessie 
Hello , Jack.Happy birthday 
My birthday ? I forgot it , Thank you for remembering my birthday 
I'd like to offer you my congratulations on your birthday and best wishes for your future happiness , good health and continued success . I've asked the Fairy Flowers to send you a bunch of flowers . I hope you'll like them 
Thanks a lot . I'm so touched 
Now let me sing " Happy birthday " for you 
Thank you very much 
Are you planning on voting 
Yes . What about you 
Yes , but this will be my first time voting 
Really 
Yes , and I have no idea how to do it 
Voting is simple 
I don ’ t know any of the laws they ’ re trying to pass 
That ’ s okay . They describe everything on the ballot 
I didn ’ t know that 
Don ’ t worry . You ’ ll be fine 
That ’ s good to know 
Congratulations on your first voting day 
You look tired . Did you sleep well last night 
I stayed up all night writing a report 
Go easy . Overwork is bad for your health 
Will you give me a hand , sir 
By all means 
Thank you very much 
You're welcome 
What are you reading 
Gee ! You scared me 
Aha , Fitness Consultant . Very good , Don't you know about the rules in this office 
Yes , Ma'am . No magazines during the office hours . I'm sorry 
Well , don't do this again next time . What is it about , anyway 
It is about sports for white-collar workers , people like you and me 
What kind of sports 
Aerobic sports , for example , jogging , yoga , skating ..
Interesting . What were you reading just now 
Stretching exercise after sitting a long time 
Really ? That sounds interesting 
Can I have my magazine back now 
No . It's confiscated for now . And I will return it to you after I finish reading it 
Hello , Sir . Can I help you with anything 
Yes , I would like to use the ATM to make a payment . But I need to pay 3 parties at once 
No problem at all . With this service , you can pay up to 10 parties at one time . Are these parties on your current beneficiaries list 
They are , yes . How should I do this 
Select ' pay multiple beneficiaries ' , here ... then select ' pay from the account ' in the drop down menu ... OK , good . Then we need to enter the beneficiary statement reference 
Yes , I've got that here ..
And your statement reference and the payment amount . Click on next , then ' pay beneficiaries ' . That's it ! All done 
Waiter , please make out the bill 
OK , sir . How do you like your meal 
Quite delicious , especially the pepper steak 
I'm glad you like it . It's $ 60 in all 
Here is the money 
Helen , did you hear I ’ m having a party ? Next Saturday in my place 
I may have something on that day , but thanks for inviting me 
Well , drop by if you can 
I will , do you want me to bring anything 
No , just bring yourself . I hope to see you there 
Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater 
Yes , but you can't get there with out a change 
Which bus do I have to change 
You have to get off at the hospital and change for bus 15 
I see . Thank you 
Good morning Mr Smith . My name is Susan and I am a reporter for the Evening Star 
Good morning . How can I help you 
I was hoping to talk to you today about your business 
Very well 
How long have you been the owner of your computer shop 
About five years 
And how many staff do you employ 
There is my wife who does the accounts and my brother who helps with the sales 
So this is a family business 
Yes , we are a small family business 
And how many computers do you sell each day 
That depends on the day . We sell from here and on the Internet . I would say about twenty to thirty per week 
That about one hundred a month 
That's correct 
Thank you B for your time 
Thank you and goodbye 
Does your country export a lot of natural resources 
We export some coal to European countries , but our biggest exports is copper , which we export to Europe , north America , and China 
Which resources do you have to import 
We import a little oil from Venezuela , but we are fairly self-sufficient . We import some iron and a lot of aluminium from neighbouring countries 
I heard that you country recently discovered deposits of precious stone 
Yes , that ’ s right . So far , only small deposits have been found . Engineers in my country are focusing on drilling for oil . The government is keen to exploit our natural resources to get money to improve our country 
If your government invests in your country ’ s infrastructure , it will be money well spent 
Yes . We need to put the money into long-term projects rather than wasting it on short-term ones 
Rachel ? I ’ m not sure how you want to handle this account . I think there are a few things to be sorted out 
I agree , Toni . I think the biggest problem we ’ re facing is how to bring it in under budget 
That ’ s true . But even beyond that , there ’ s the question of meeting the deadlines they ’ Ve set 
Right . Look , why don ’ t we make a list of the problems we ’ re dealing with . It ’ ll be easier to work through them that way 
Your teacher has left you not very much homework this weekend 
Yes 
My advice would be to finish it at once 
Hi , Helen ! how is it going 
I'm very busy these days . It seems I can never finish my work 
Well , take it easy ! Don't let it get on top of you 
I'll try . I'm under a lot of pressure right now 
Why don't you take a few days off 
I can't . I am really behind of my work 
May I help you 
I ’ m not sure where to pick up my ballot 
I can assist you 
How are you going to help me 
I actually work here 
Fabulous . Thanks 
Do you have ID 
I have it right here 
Here ’ s your ballot card 
Now what am I supposed to do 
Just take it to a booth and begin voting 
Sounds good . Thanks 
Let me ask some questions . Do you know what people need to get entry into China 
Yes . An passport and a visa are necessary for entry into China 
What materials do they need in order to apply the passport 
They should fill in an application form , hand in the copies of Identification Card and household register 
Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do 
What is it ? What happened 
I think someone is stalking me 
No , it can't be . Really ? Who 
I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring.He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop 
What did you do 
I didn't do anything . Finally , he left.But then I saw him again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD's . But then he came in too 
Did he leave when you left 
Yes . Then I noticed he was on the sidewalk behind me . He was following me 
What did you do 
Can you believe that Obama was actually elected 
I can believe it , and I am very excited about it 
I hope you voted for him 
Of course I did . Didn ’ t you 
Of course 
I have total faith in Obama as our President 
You do 
Yeah . I have faith that he will help America turn over a new leaf 
Our country really could use some work 
I believe that change has already begun 
I couldn ’ t agree more 
I no longer need to worry about what will happen with this country 
Could you do me a favour ? Please give me some confidential information 
Don ’ t put me on the spot . You know , I can ’ t do that 
It looks like it's going to be sunny 
Yes , it's much better than yesterday 
They say we're going to get some rain later 
Oh , let's just hope it stays warm 
I can drink ten cups in fifteen minutes . I ’ m sure 
You ? You are full of hot air 
Did you take the job 
No 
Why not 
It involves a lot of travel 
Tomorrow I will be the new owner of all dad's assets 
It still feels really strange to me 
I know . I miss him terribly 
How does it feel to be in charge of so much money 
I thought I would feel like I was in the lap of Luxury 
I guess you could choose that if you wanted 
No , I think I will run things much the same way that Dad did 
Dad really knew what he was doing when he chose you to take over for him when he was gone 
Bob is really handsome 
That's why he's very popular among girls 
I wish I were just as handsome 
You are 
Can you help me for a minute 
Sure , what I can do for you 
I'm try to write a letter to one of our clients , But I just don't know exactly what to say , I don't even know how to get started , I know I should write dear Mr . Mrs . or Ms . , but the problem is I don't know the name of contact person 
You can just put Dear Sir or Madam , officialese not personal , you can write to whom may concerned 
OK , So I first thanks them for their business , I can say something like we are very grateful for your continue support , How is that 
Good ! But also , write off the bed you want to tell them the reason of your writing , give them more reference 
Like Regarding our new product line , we would like to announce a special price discount
Right , do you need them to respond 
Yes , the letter would have a survey inside , and they should complete it and return to our office . How should I write that 
You can tell them " Please finding the enclosed customer service survey , else also , you can say Attach a customer survey . If you need resource it right away , you can tell them the urgent by saying Please return the survey without dely as soon as possible . Maye it more polite with this as early as convenience 
May I sit here 
By all means 
Our current apartment is valued at RIB 700,000 . We can sell it and put that money towards buying the new apartment 
Yeah , but we still need RIB 500,000 . Maybe we can use some of our savings to pay part of it 
And we can take out a loan to pay the rest 
Great , so we can afford the new apartment after all 
Uh huh ... but we're going to have to cut back on our shopping from now on 
What are your thoughts on the apartment 
I think that it ’ s absolutely gorgeous 
There aren ’ t any problems with the apartment 
I think that the apartment looks very nice , but I do see some problems 
What problems 
I did notice a few stains in the carpet 
We will have the carpet cleaned before you move in 
You will 
Yes , but other than that , are there any more problems 
That was the only thing that I saw that was wrong with the apartment 
I ’ m happy that you find this apartment so appealing 
It is . I love it 
I have been looking at this online catalog for over an hour and I still haven ’ t finished getting all the kitchen appliances that we need 
What are you getting 
Well , the first thing on my list is a new blender . I decided to also get a juicer and a new coffee maker 
Don ’ t forget to also get a new mixer . I lent the old one to my brother and he broke it 
Yeah I know . I also decided to throw away the old toaster and get a new one . I am also getting a rice cooker and steamer to make some nice steamed fish or veggies 
I ’ m actually thinking of completely refurnishing the kitchen and getting a new stove , oven , dishwasher and trash compacter 
That ’ s a good idea ! The kitchen will look amazing 
I have to check out today . I'd like my bill ready by 10 this morning 
You can be sure of that , sir 
Thank you 
Oh . Have you finished listing your study preferences 
Yes , I have 
Good . So , which is your top choice 
Medicine . In my country , that certainly has great prestige 
I see . Which subject did you put last then 
Oh.history 
That's interesting . Could you give any reasons for your choice ? Can you explainwhy do you put medicine first 
Well , doctors are such an important job . I mean your health is the most imponent thing you've got , isn't it ? I want to be important and help people 
Yes . I suppose so 
I'd like to try the chef's special 
Then what about you , Miss 
I am on a diet . Do you have a vegetarian menu 
The vegetarian dishes are at the last pages of the menu 
Oh . I see . I would like to have mashed potatoes and chocolate pudding 
What kind of movies do you like , Sue 
I like all kinds of stuff . I admit I love romance 
Just like my wife . So , what ’ s your favorite movie 
You mean my favorite movie of all time ? I guess I ’ d have to say pretty woman 
Yeah , my wife likes that one , too . Personally , I prefer action movies 
So , Emily , how was your day 
I don't think you really want to hear about it 
It can't have been that bad . Go on and tell me about it 
To be honest , it was horrible ! My manager is such a pain in the neck 
Why ? What happened 
Well , he made quite a few mistakes on the monthly report and when his supervisor found them , my manager blamed them on me 
That's not very fair . What did you do 
There wasn't really anything that I could do . There's always been a lot of bad blood between my manager and myself . If I had said anything , he would have fired me for sure 
Does he treat everyone in your department like this 
He treats everyone pretty badly , but the way he treats me really takes the cake 
Do you have any idea why he treats you worse than the others 
I really have no idea . All I know is that the thought of him really curls my hair 
Is there anyone else you can talk to about it at your company 
Not really . I'm hoping to live with it for a while until I get a promotion 
That's very sensible . It sounds like you have a good head on your shoulders 
I try to be sensible about it , but it's not very easy . Sometimes you just have to grin and bear it 
That's so true . When you have a taste for success , you can't let dishonest people like your manager get in the way 
Did you need help 
Where do I go to pick up my ballot 
I ’ ll help you with that 
How ’ s that 
I ’ m working here today 
That ’ s wonderful . Thank you 
Can I see your ID , please 
Here you go 
I have your ballot card right here 
What am I supposed to do now 
All you have to do now is vote 
Okay . Wish me luck 
Royal Hotel , can I help you 
Yes . I urgently need a room for tomorrow night , and do you have any vacancies 
Yes , we have . What kind of room would you like 
I'd like a suite with an ocean view , please 
No problem , sir 
What is the price of the suite 
It is $ 200 per night 
It is a little high . I'm told that your hotel is offering discount now 
Yes , but the offer ended yesterday . I'm sorry 
Oh , I see . Then do you have anything less expensive 
No , sir . So far it is the least expensive suite for tomorrow night 
OK , I will take it . By the way , does the price include breakfast 
Yes , it does . Now could I have your name , please 
My name is David White 
Would you kindly spell it for me 
That is D-A-V-I-D , W-H-I-T-E 
Thank you , I got it . And how long do you expect to stay 
About three days 
OK . Our check-in time is after 12:00 . And see you tomorrow 
Thank you . See you 
You're right . Watching movies at home is way cheaper than going to the theater , too . I like downloading movies too because it's easy and fast 
I agree . And it's very convenient 
Have you ever heard of a movie rental company called Netflix ? They send the movies directly to your house in the mail 
Really ? That's great ! I'm going to try that next time 
Yeah , but I wish they delivered video games too . Then I would never leave my house 
Happy Mother ’ s Day , Mom 
Thanks ! These are beautiful . You shouldn ’ t have 
Of course I should have ! You certainly deserve them ! You put up with all of us 
I forgot what I put up with in that case . I do deserve these flowers 
Sorry sir . But you can ’ t go into the OR 
All right , but tell me what ’ s happening . Give it to me straight please 
It was touching girl for a while 
And now 
She will be OK . She is a tough cookie 
That ’ s great news 
In my opinion she will up about soon 
That ’ s good to hear . She is usually full of vein and vigor 
I believe it . Well , I ’ Ve got to go back in 
Thanks for helping her , doctor 
All right . Just relax , OK ? Go and got a cup of coffee 
Thanks . I will 
Oh , come on , Ultraman 
What's up , Bro ? What's in the bulletin 
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p . m . to 7 p . m . in our neighborhood today 
Blackout ? Even the TV has the limit 
Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout 
Oops , no , Daddy can't watch American Idol , either 
That's not the point . Come on , can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day 
Oh , my god ! No air-conditioner 
OK , since you are the smart one , can you come up with a better plan ? So that we won't be baked like cookies here 
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood 
Barbie ? You know , I might be seven , but I'm not a girl 
Do you have a better plan 
All right , all right 
What do you think about violence in movies 
Personally , I'm not for it . I feel it's bad for kids to watch 
But kids like watching things like that . It's just for fun , would't you say 
If you ask me , I have to disagree . Something shouldn't be watched for fun 
I heard that you finished my home inspection , and I was wondering how it went 
First of all , we need to understand what I was looking for . Do you know what the purpose of an inspection is 
I am not sure what a home inspection is all about 
I went there to check for problems with the home , so you aren ’ t surprised when you move in 
Wouldn ’ t the owners have told me about any problems 
Sellers aren ’ t always truthful , and there might also be problems that they aren ’ t aware of 
Can I require the owners to fix the problems 
You can make the sale of the house contingent on them fixing the problems 
What did you find out when you did the inspection of my new home 
There were no major problems . One leaky pipe under the sink and two broken roof tiles was all that I found 
I feel that Bob ’ s father-in-law is a hard nut to crack 
You have taken words out of my mouth . He is a tough customer 
But his daughter is a very nice girl 
What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment 
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company 
Shall we leave it to the brokers 
Yes . They usually do it 
Do they charge for that 
Of course . In Europe , they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service 
Is it the same in America 
They do the work without charge to the importer 
It's part of their service , isn't it 
Exactly 
Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading 
No , you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment 
I see . By the way , how do we prove the ownership of our goods 
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice 
I see . Thank you 
You are welcome 
Betty , something is burning . Can you smell it 
You ’ re right 
Look ! The iron is still on 
I should have turned it off . I ’ ll turn it off now 
Look at my nice blue shirt , there ’ s a big hole in it 
I ’ m sorry , Jim 
Never mind , dear 
Hi . Can I help you , sir 
Yes . I ’ m interested in a job your company posted on the Internet 
We posted several positions . Which position are you looking for 
It is a position in your Maintenance Department . Is it available 
Yes . Applications will be accepted for this position until next Friday 
I have no experience but I ’ m interested in it 
If you ’ re interested in this position , please send me your resume 
I don ’ t have my resume with me , but I will send you a copy immediately . Can I fill out the application form right now 
Sure 
Thanks 
You ’ re welcome 
Those are the headlines for today , and now for the international weather report with Mike Sanderson 
Thank you , Bob ! This past week has been the beginning of Armageddon for many , a series of unprecedented meteorological events occurred around the world . In Switzerland , a major avalanche was reported in the Alps . Fortunately , no one was injured . Due to to the extreme cold this winter , a blizzard has struck the US Midwest , causing classes in schools and universities to be temporarily canceled . Moving to to Latin American , Ecuador has suffered a six month drought that has not only affected farming , but has also forced the closure of the hydroelectric power plant that provides electricity for the entire country . In Chile , a major earthquake that registered seven point five on the Richter scale struck the southern region . Losses are reported to be in the billions . Authorities have not yet released an official statement 
Not a great week for the world ! Any good news 
I ’ m afraid not , Bob . One of the major volcanoes in Mexico has erupted , causing major floods and landslides in the region . Meanwhile , Mexico ’ s coast has been hit by hurricane Liliana and officials say that all the seismic activity leads them to believe that a tsunami may hit Central America , affecting Honduras , Guatemala and Panama . That ’ s all the news we have for today , but stay tuned for updates on the six o ’ clock news . Back to you Bob 
Hey . I'm a visitor from China . I love your music . It's the best I've ever heard . Will you please spare a little bit of time for me 
Sure . Thank you for saying that . Actually , those songs were sung for the first time today . I wrote them in the past two months 
Oh , you wrote them all by yourself . That's amazing ! Are you a regular singer here 
You can say that . But my band and I also sing regularly in several other places , too 
Cool . Your guitar skills are very impressive . How did you learn to play like that 
I picked up guitar at an early age , maybe around 8 years old . Afterward , I taught myself by listening to some records of top players 
Wow , that's unbelievable ! You play so well , but you've never been to a real teacher . You will definitely be famous in the near future 
What does your sister look like , Mike 
Well , she ’ s tall and pretty 
Is she like you 
I suppose so . We ’ re both friendly and easy-going 
Is she as clever as you 
No , she ’ s not as clever as me 
Big head 
What's the price ? I hope you'll quote us favorably 
It's 800 US dollars per kilo CIF five percent Hamburg 
Frankly speaking , the price you offer is too high . We can't accept it 
Why ? This is a fair market price 
It certainly is 
Then what leads you to think that we have to reduce our price ? Please tell me candidly 
I look at it this way , suppliers should be able to reduce their CIF price , even lower than their home price 
We give you quotations on the same basis as we quote in the domestic market 
That's the point . Your overhead is in your domestic price , but it can't be carried in the CIF price 
But even with the overhead out , the export overhead must be put in . Finally , it comes to the same thing . Anyway , this is a quality item and should be sold on its value 
I wish you could make a reconsideration . If you don't reduce your price , we won't purchase from you any more because there's plenty of other business offering here 
You look depressed . What's on your mind 
Well , I had a blood test last week . The doctor said that I have high blood pressure and my blood is thick and sticky . I'm very worried 
Take it easy . When we last talked , you promised there would be more exercises in your life . But now you are putting on some weight 
I have to admit it's easier said than done 
Well , I think it's time for you to change your eating habits and develop a healthy lifestyle . Regular exercise will improve your health 
But you know I'm just not into exercises . And I wouldn't have time for exercises , either 
You can do some jogging . It's easy and it doesn't take much time 
Actually , my doctor said the same thing 
Hello , is that the Peace Restaurant 
Yes . May I help you 
Yes . I'd like a table for six at 7:00 this evening . Can you arrange it for us 
Just a minute . I'll check if there is any availability . I'm sorry , sir . There isn't any table left for 7:00 , but we can give you one at 8: 00 . Would you like to make a reservation at that time 
Let me see . It seems a little late 
Usually , the restaurant will be quieter at that time 
OK . I'll change the time to 8: 00 
Very good , sir . A table for 6 at 8: 00 this evening . May I have your name , please 
It's John 
Thank you very much . Bye 
i saw lily for the first time . and fell like i'v been struck by lightening.she is a girl of my dreams . i have a date with her on Friday , but i really can't decide what to do 
what about taking her for a dinner or a movie 
not bad , any other ideas 
well , there is a play on campus this weekend 
good idea . that ' s why i think i have culture . you have any other suggestions 
what's the matter with these ideas 
They are good , but i still need a few more 
what about going on a picnic 
Cool , but what if the weather is not ideal 
you can also take her to the art museum or a cafe . Certainly , i must come up with something you can use . how do you like the ideas i am giving you 
they are all good 
Why are you in such a hurry 
I should finish it as soon as possible 
Don't worry , do it step by step
Why can I learn it 
Don't worry , do it step by step 
I feel I really stupid 
Room service.May I come in 
Yes.please 
Here is your laundry . I am sorry to tell you that one of your clothes has shrunk due to our fault 
Oh , my god 
We are terribly sorry for that.Could you please buy a new one and give us the receipt ? We will refund the cost of the laundry and the new sweater 
I hope so 
Would you please fill out the form 
Have you always been on this site 
No , we used to be on an industrial estate on the outskirts of York 
Why did you move 
We needed larger premises so we moved to this greenfield site last year . It's nearer the motorway so it's better for transportation 
He has lots of hobbies 
And he ’ s always busy with his pictures and roses 
He ’ s won a dozen prizes for his pictures and roses 
But as for his business in the city ..
He lets his cousins look after his business 
He sounds more like an artist than a businessman 
Hello , Friendship Restaurant . May I help you 
I'd like to book a table tonight 
Yes , Sir . For how many people , please 
Eight 
What time 
Eight o'clock tonight , would you please set us in a private room 
So sorry , we're fully booked in that room . Would you like to make reservation some other time 
Maybe not , thank you all the same then 
I want to get in shape . I feel like a fence sitter-not really fat , but not really healthy 
I know what you mean . I fit into my clothes , but I'm not always comfortable 
Would you like to get in shape together 
What do you have in mind 
How about going to the gym ? There's one really close to work 
I know the one you mean . Do you know how much the memberships are 
As a matter of fact , they are having a promotion right now 
Let's go after work and take a tour of the facilities 
Hi , Walter 
Hi , Sterling 
What do you think of our new teacher 
Professor Wood ? I think he's a brilliant scientist 
You're got a point there . But do you think he's a little absent-minded 
I guess so 
Sir , would you like some dessert now 
Please show me the menu again 
Here you are . sir , the chocolate cake is very delicious 
No , thanks . I don't like chocolate . I'd like strawberry pie 
I am afraid there is none 
Then I'll have vanilla ice cream 
Fine . I will bring it right away 
Hello 
Good morning , Ruth . Did I wake you up 
No , I was just about to get up . What's up , Carl 
Listen , I am calling to confirm what you said yesterday . Are we supposed to meet at the Chinatown terminal of the Avenue B bus or D bus 
B as in boy . You should get off at the last stop in Chinatown 
Oh , you mean Canal Street 
That's the wrong direction . Canal Street is on the other side of Chinatown 
Oh , I get it . When did we decide to meet 
At 10,45 . Is Ann coming along 
I cannot get hold of her yet 
See you around , Carl 
See you later 
Hello , Green here 
Oh , Mr Green , my name is Jianshan . You don't know me , but I'm a friend of David Smith 
Oh , yes 
When I told David I was coming here to live , he give me your number , and suggest that I give your a ring . I was wondering if you could give me some advices 
I'll be please to if I can . What can I do for you 
Well , I'm looking for a place to live . David thought as you are a @ agent . you might know something is suitable 
Yes , I think I can help you . Why not you come around and see me ? Do you know my office 
Yes , I've got the address 
Good , where are you now 
I'm at the post office 
oh , well , that's just a few minutes walk to my office , come around and see me now 
Thank you very much , Mr Green 
Not at all 
Look ! There's even a built-in handle to carry it with 
But it's so thin . There's no way that it comes with a CD-ROM 
Oh , yes , it does . Look , here it says that the CD-ROM is built-in 
What other features are listed 
It says that it comes in teal and tangerine 
Totally cool colors 
And it says that it sleeps 
I'll have sole , then 
All right.How about other guests 
The rest of us will have this today's special , please 
OK 
I'm sorry but I ordered sole , not the same as the others.Will you change it 
I'm afraid we have no more sole 
Then , I'll have this pork cute instead 
Certainly.Just a moment , sir 
Balista , pull me a ristretto 
What ? You're suddenly some kind of coffee snob now ? What's a ristretto anyway 
It's basically a very strong espresso . Half the water pulled through the same amount of beans . Pure coffee essence 
Sounds like it must be just full of caffeine . I want one of those instead 
You fiend . It's about the flavor , not the fix . Why don't you just crush some caffeine pills and start doing lines 
Hi Bob , how ’ s business 
Just okay 
Okay , enough small talk . Let ’ s get down to business 
Good idea 
Since we ’ re good friends , you don't have to pay me 
No , I can ’ t accept it . Business is business 
Bob , what are you thinking about 
I'm looking forward to going to America 
When do you go 
Next week 
What time does the next train to London leave 
At 16:35 , from platform 8 
Is it a direct train to London 
No , you have to change trains at Birmingham 
I see . One ticket to London , please 
Single or return , sir 
Single , please 
64 pounds , please 
Here you are 
Here's your ticket and change , sir 
Why don't you watch where you're going 
Me ? You're the one who pulled out in front of me 
There was plenty of room for me to pull out.You didn't have to stay in the lane you were in 
Hey , listen . I had every right to stay in the lane I was in.You were supposed to wait until I passed to pull out.And anyhow , you didn't give me any time to change lanes.All of a sudden--BANG--there you are right in front of me 
I think my arm is broken 
Sorry about your arm , but it serves you right . You need to learn how to drive . You're lucky you didn't get killed . And I'm lucky to be alive too 
Listen , let's just wait until the police get here.Then we can decide whose fault this accident was 
Fine with me . I know the laws of the road . I'm not worried 
I have a cell phone in my car . Now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side.Why don't you get it for me , and then I can call the police 
Alright 
It doesn't work . It looks like it's broken . I need to get to a hospital . You should drive me there 
Oh , yeah ? It's better if we make a police report first . Then you can go to the hospital 
Damn it ! I'm injured here . We could wait all day for the police 
Well , you'll just have to wait . I'm not going to move my car until the police arrive . I'll go into one of those houses over there and use their phone . Don't worry . You'll get to the hospital in time 
It really hurts 
Yes , maybe it does.But if you're going to drive like you did just now , you will have to get used to a little physical pain . You know what I mean 
To hell with you . The accident was your fault 
I'm afraid it wasn't . And when the police get here , you will also see that it wasn't . But enough of this bickering . I'm going to go find a phone.Don ' t move that arm while I'm gone . Alright 
To hell with you 
Last night I looked for my Indian classmate Barbara . I found her sitting with her legs crossed and quietly practicing 
Needless to say , it must be Indian Yoga 
Mary , you say something about it 
Tracing back , Yoga has a very long history . It was originated before India had approved Yoga and these documents were arranged and written according to the contents passed by mouth to mouth . In other words , Yoga is passed down from ancient times , which cannot be recalled 
Plastic bags are widely used nowadays 
But they're hard to be disposed of 
In this aspect , I think , Pater bags have the edge on plastic bags 
How are you doing , Jim 
Fine , just fine.How about you 
Not too bad 
Do you want an IBM-compatible PC or a Macintosh 
I'm not sure . What's the difference 
Well , what do you plan to use your computer for 
Mostly just to browse the Internet and send emails to friends 
Then a PC should be enough . Macintoshes are better for graphics , but they also cost a bit more 
Hello , Mr Lawson . It's a pleasure to see you again . You seem to be in here all the time at the moment ! What can I do for you today 
I've prepared some L / C documents , all in accordance with the conditions . There shouldn't be any problems ; I've done about a million of these things recently 
You're right , no problems . You are becoming quite the expert , Mr Lawson . If any problem does turn up , which I'm sure it won't , I'll give you a call 
Thanks very much . I'm sure I'll be back , so see you again soon . Bye 
Excuse me . I'm your new neighbor , Jack . I just moved in 
Oh . Yes 
I'm looking for a grocery store . Are there any around here 
Yes , there are some on Pine Street 
OK . And is there a laundromat near here 
Well , I think there's one across from the shopping center 
Thank you 
By the way , there's a barber shop in the shopping center , too 
A barber shop ? 
Mom , I want to get a motorcycle . Is that all right with you 
You mean a murder cycle ? Did you know more cyclists die in accidents than motorists 
Mom ! I'll wear a helmet and I'll drive sane . I promise 
I'll tell you what . You can get a motorcycle on one condition 
What's that 
You spend two weeks with dad in his ambulance as an EMT trainee and volunteer at the emergency room for one month 
And after that 
After that , we'll let you decide if you still want a murder , I mean motorcycle 
Hello , Mrs . Taylor . I'm here to pick up Diane 
Hi , Ben . Come in . Diane's not ready yet , so you'll have to wait a few minutes 
I think I may rent this apartment from you 
That ’ s great to hear 
How much are you looking to rent it for 
For each month you would have to pay $ 1050 
That is too expensive 
I don ’ t think that is too much for rent 
How does $ 850 a month sound to you 
That ’ s not enough 
That ’ s the best that I can do 
$ 850 a month is not enough money 
Would you please reconsider 
That ’ s my final offer . Take it or leave it 
This facility is great , don't you think 
Yes , it is better than last year . They have done a very good job this time 
I'm glad our booth is on the first floor . More people can see our display 
If someone wants to find us , they can look at this floor plan.It shows where all the companies have their booths 
Let me see that . I didn't get one when I came in 
Really ? They didn't give you one with your ticket 
No 
That's strange 
Where do you go for lunch around here 
Are you hungry 
Not too bad . But I will be soon 
I went across the street . There is a good Chinese restaurant next to the hotel 
I can't see Cortex on this floor plan . Don't they have a booth here 
They must . Let me look at that.Here it is . Cortex . It's on the second floor , next to the Roll booth 
Oh , that will be uncomfortable for them 
For whom ? Cortex 
Yes . Cortex just stole Darren McDowell from Rolly.And probably Darren will be here.So he will have to spend the whole show standing next to his old Cortex coworkers 
I've never met Darren.But you're right . That would probably be uncomfortable 
When you reserve a booth , you should check who your neighbors will be.Don ' t you think 
Yes , maybe . If you're Darren McDowell , you should probably check 
Yes . Well , I think I'll go get lunch . Will you join me 
No , I'll stay here at the booth . I ate earlier . Are you going to the Chinese restaurant 
Maybe . I will look around 
I ’ Ve always wondered , what ’ s the difference between English for Chinese students and English for native students 
I don ’ t know . What do you think 
I think a Chinese student concentrates on written English , and uses it as a basis for communicating . From start to finish he ’ s learning vocabulary and fundamentals of grammar . This is a very difficult way to learn 
What do natives get 
They get higher level English , which is more formal than everyday spoken English . They also deal with matters of style and creativity 
Do you mean that a native doesn ’ t make any mistakes in grammar 
Absolutely not ! Native speakers make a lot of grammar mistakes , especially if they come from a home where nonstandard English is spoken 
I suppose that only a small percentage of college students don ’ t know standard English in American universities 
Actually there are more non-native speakers than you think . That ’ s why it ’ s so important to quit worrying about making mistakes . Just talk to everyone every chance you get 
Ten sheets of rice paper , 25 brushes , two boxes of oil color and two boxes of water color . All these come up to $ 35.50 , sir 
Ok , here is $ 50 . Oh , can you make out an invoice for me 
Sure , just a minute . Are you an artist , sir 
No , I am a teacher . I teach art 
That must be a very interesting job 
It is . You must be new here . I do my shopping here regularly , once a week 
Do you ? Nice to meet you ! And here is the invoice and your change 
Thank you . Nice to meet you , too 
Have you been registered yet , sir 
No , I haven't been registered 
Are you a medical or surgical case 
I'm a medical case 
Do you have your medical history sheet with you 
Yes , here you are 
Please fill in this admission card . Well , how long do you expect to stay in the hospital 
The doctor told me to stay about one month 
But there're no beds available now . Two patients will be discharged this afternoon , so you'll have to wait until then 
Well , when they leave the hospital , give me a call and I'll come back 
Certainly . See you in the afternoon 
Have you had a chance to look over the contract 
Yes . I've read it carefully 
And do you have any questions 
No . But the contract stipulates that I will teach 22 hours a week.Will you have thatmany classes for me right away 
No , probably not . For the first two weeks you may teach 10 or 15 hours 
But my salary will be 1100 dollars a month.Will you pay me that much for the first month ? Because , I mean , I won't be working so many hours 
I understand . That's why I didn't write the date on the contract.For the first two weeks , we will pay you according to the hours you teach.When you have 22 hours of classes , then the contract will take effect.Is that alright with you 
Oh , so I don't sign the contract today . Is that right 
I don't want you to misunderstand , Miss Briggs.We are very serious about hiring you . We want you to teach for us.We usually do contracts this way because it is more convenient 
I can accept that 
Good . And your benefits will begin immediately 
Even my health insurance 
Yes . We will apply for your health insurance tomorrow.And your free membership in the club starts today if you like 
I have a few questions about the free membership 
What would you like to know 
Is my membership the same as paying club members ? I mean , can I get discounts at club hotels 
Absolutely . The only difference is in the restaurant and bar vouchers 
What are bar vouchers 
Paying club members get around 300 dollars a year in restaurant vouchers.The vouchers can be used in the restaurant or the lounge.But we don't offer vouchers to employees 
But according to the contract , employees get a discount in the restaurant 
That's right . So in a way , it is cheaper for you than for the members.You get more benefits than they do 
So , for now , you want me to keep a copy of the contract.But we won't sign it yet . That right 
Yes . I've prepared the contract just so that you understand everything.So that you understand the terms 
I understand.And according to the terms on the contract , I am happy to accept this job . I look forward to it 
I'm very pleased . We look forward to having you here , Miss Briggs 
Good morning , I am here for my interview 
Hello , nice to meet you . I ’ m Mr . Gotcha . Have any trouble finding the place 
No problem 
So why don ’ t you tell me why you are interested in changing positions 
Unfortunately , our company is shutting down due to the economy 
What would you consider your strengths 
I am probably best at researching for marketing purposes 
What is your biggest weakness 
I tend to get bored easily and so love to keep myself challenged 
We have a position where that could work out well 
Wow , the view from the peak is so grand 
Look , most of the maple leaves have turned red 
Did you ever see this kind of beautiful scene 
Of course , my father used to take me to Kiang Shan or somewhere like that as a child 
But my father did not . He didn't have much time 
Honey , I'm sorry . I promise you , this summer vacation , I will take you to Huang-Shan Mountains . It is more beautiful and magnificent 
Really ? It's a deal . Have you ever been there 
Yes , I went there five years ago . You were still a baby at that time 
It really gets me interested . Is it higher than Kiang Shan 
Surely . You can enjoy the beauty of numerous streams and waterfalls . The sea of clouds has a fairy tale beauty 
Can I see the rainbow 
That depends . If you are lucky , you can see a vivid rainbow across over two peaks 
We have the capital ready.Right now I am looking at three different companies to produce our products.And your company , Mr . Chen , seems to me to be the best for what we want 
I appreciate your remarks . And we are always happy to do more business.But , you know , if we take on a contract to produce new products , we want to be confident the product is marketable . Because , to start producing new things requires a lot of preparation.It requires a lot of investment for us 
You have some doubts about our products , I understand 
I would like to offer you a good price.But I won't be able to do that if I think this is a one-shot deal.So I would like to have some confidence in your idea 
Of course . Let me tell you in some detail about our idea.You know the popular Hello Kitty products 
Yes , of course 
Well , the products in themselves are very simple.It is the logo that is successful.So , Hello Kitty is successful because of the logo , but the products are very simple 
And I would say the logo is successful mainly because it comes from Japan.It is the Japanese that have made it a fad 
That might be true.But we have a logo concept that is great . It is really great . I think it will catch on in Taiwan at least . Young people will love it.It is because of our logo that our products will sell.We just need someone to produce the products for us.We have the backup and people to do the marketing 
So what you are really trying to sell is a fad 
Yes , we would like to make things like key chains , plastic pencil sharpeners , plastic rulers , watches , wallets , things like that.Little accessories for young people . But the reason these will sell is the logo.Just like Hello Kitty 
I understand . But why won't you show me the logo 
Because it hasn't been copyrighted . We want to get some protection for it.But while we wait for copyright , we are investigating companies to produce the products 
I see . The problem , however , is that I can't be confident in giving you a good priceless I am confident your product will last 
I understand . For now , though , you could just give us an estimated price.We aren't going to sign a contract yet . We are just investigating . I only need to know that your company is capable of producing the products.And then , I only need a very rough idea of how much it might cost 
Alright . I understand . Right now you just want estimates 
Yes 
Have you been to the Queen Street West 
No . What is that street charming for 
You can find the most fashionable restaurants there . And also you can see the galleries , antique shops and the ballrooms 
You look really nice today 
Thank you . I just got this outfit the other day 
Really , where did you get it 
I got it from Macy's 
It's really nice 
Thanks again . You look nice today , too 
Thank you . I just got these shoes today 
Really ? What kind of shoes are they 
These are called All Star Chuck Taylors 
I really like those . How much did they cost 
They were about forty dollars 
I think I'm going to go buy myself a pair 
I would like to ask for one day off next week . Do you think the manager will agree ? I know it is the busy time for our company , but I do have some important things to handle 
Well , it is hard to say . At least you need to come up with a good reason 
Actually , it is my mother ’ s wedding . My parents divorced many years ago . Now she is ready to establish a new family . It is a special occasion . I ’ Ve got to be there , right 
Yes , you should be there . Go find the manager and ask . I think the manager will understand and approve you a day off . Don ’ t forget to fill in the leave application form . It will be signed by the manager for approval 
Thank you so much 
I learned of the railway accident only this morning 
A really dreadful accident and many people were killed 
Is that true 
Yeah , well , I fill you in one the details later 
Thanks 
Somebody , please answer the phone 
I've got it 
Waitress ! My bill for today's lunch , please 
OK , sir 
How much do I owe 
190 yuan 
Here is 200 yuan . The charge is for you 
Thank you . Welcome to call again . Goodbye 
Goodbye 
Have you any tour route to Budapest 
Yes , I have , sir . How long are you going on vacation 
About 2 weeks 
I recommend you this route . We call it golden routes for the sightseeing spots 
Well , will you offer me any reduction since it's a out-of-season tour 
Of course , we will , sir 
They're here ! Now that's speedy service ! And they arrived within two days of each other 
What are you waiting for ? Rip ‘ em open 
Wow ... this shirt is nice , but looks big 
It's nice , but how much did you end up paying 
With the shipping included--seventy dollars 
Hmm ... not so hot . They sell them here for about that 
Ouch ! I just bit my tongue 
Oh , that hurts 
I think it's bleeding 
What day is today ? Tuesday 
Yeah . I bet you did forget everything . What's the date today , do you know 
I bet it's May 5th 
How do you usually part your hair 
To the right 
( The hair stylist cuts the customer's hair . ) Almost done . I just have to even things up a bit . ( She shows the customer the results . ) Will that do 
Looks good 
Would you like a shave 
No , thanks 
Okay , let me brush you off . Thank you very much for coming 
Thank you 
You didn ’ t show up in the morning meeting . What ’ s up 
Well , I just came in . I worked overtime yesterday . Some statistics and very important documents seemed to be inaccurate . So I stayed to double check them . The boss was aware of my very late work of last night . So before he left office , he told me I could come one hour later this morning 
But you still look a little bit tired . What time did you leave 
It was around 1 thirty in the morning . I guess I didn ’ t fall asleep till 3 because those numbers were involving in my mind . I just couldn ’ t stop thinking about them 
That ’ s normal after a tense work evening . Working overtime is not always a pleasant experience for me either . Once , I worked overtime everyday for a whole week including the weekend . That really broke my rhythm and I got a little sick later 
Working at weekend is something I hate to do most 
But if the company asks , what else can we do 
Is there anything worth watching on another channel 
I think there ’ s a Western on 
Do you mind if we watch it . I ’ d really like to see it 
Well , I really wanted to see the football game 
Football game ? Ok , and you know what comes on next 
I believe there ’ s a sitcom 
Are you interested in watching it 
Let me look in the TV Guide first 
Oh , I am sorry . What's on Channel 2 at 10 pm 
If I remember correctly , it's a quiz show 
Do you want to watch it 
Let's watch it together 
Jim ? Jim ? ... What are you doing in the kitchen 
Nothing , Mummy . I was hungry so I came here for some milk 
Milk ? I thought you didn't like milk 
I don't , but I couldn't find anything to eat in the refrigerator 
Nonsense . There's lots of food in the refrigerator ... What's behind your back 
Nothing 
What are you hiding behind your back ? Let me see 
Promise that you won't get angry 
OK , I promise . What is it 
It's a kitty 
Oh , Jim . I told you . No pets . It'll make a mess of this house 
Please , Mummy . Everybody else in my class keeps a pet . Please , I'll take care of it . It's a good kitty . It'll not bring you any trouble 
No way . It might belong to somebody else . You can't keep it here 
Please , Mummy . I found it this afternoon by the garbage bin . It was starving and looking for something to eat . Please ! You see , it's so cute and tame 
All right . But you have to clean up everything it messes up 
I will . Thank you , Mummy 
I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails 
So you have to open all the envelopes 
Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly 
Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them 
Yes , and I check all the e-mails for Mr . Thomas 
I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails 
So you have to open all the envelopes 
Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly 
Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them 
Yes , and I check all the e-mails for Mr . Thomas 
Hi , Betty ! Where's your boyfriend 
I have no idea 
Who's the champion in this picture 
Let me show you , the one with curly hair 
He's very handsome , I think 
I know I ’ m going to bite the dust going down this hill . I almost got killed on the chair lift ! This is going to be so embarrassing 
Don ’ t worry . Everyone knows you ’ re getting your feet wet . I ’ ll show you how . I bet you ’ ll be proficient at this in five minutes 
This is only your second time skiing . This is definitely a case of the blind leading the blind 
Relax . I can hold my own . Now , point your skis toward the bottom of the hill . Easy does it 
I don ’ t think I can get up enough nerve to do this 
Here . I ’ ll just give you a little push ..
No ! ! 
There . Now , wasn ’ t that fun ? As soon as you get a second burst of energy , we ’ ll ..
Don ’ t hold your breath 
Can I help you , sir 
Uh , yes . I'm going to the States and I need some traveler's checks 
All right . How much do you need 
One thousand U . S . dollars 
One thousand U . S . Mm hmm . And are you going to pay cash 
Oh , no . I want to withdraw from my U . S . dollars savings account 
All right . Now can I have your passbook 
Right . Here it is 
Thank you . And what amounts do you want the checks in 
Mm . In hundreds , please 
Operator . May I help you 
Yes . How do I get an outside line , please 
Just dial 0 , wait for the dial tone , and then dial the phone number you want to call . Or we can place a call for you , if you want 
No , thanks a lot . I'll try it myself 
How much do you pay wholesale for your products 
We have a few different wholesale vendors , so our cost varies a bit over the fiscal year . But the difference is miniscule , a fluctuation of about 0.2 % 
That must impact your bottom line at least a little bit , doesn't it ? After all , your sticker price is pretty much set in stone . How much do they go for retail 
Retail price is 29.95 per unit . We take into consideration changes in supply cost when figuring this price 
Is that including tax 
No , that's the price before tax . The tax rate is varies from different marketing areas , so it is difficult for us to figure in 
How much is your profit margin then 
Our profit margin is in the neighborhood of 20 % 
My friend George has been to Switzerland twice 
Does he like that country 
Yes , he likes the people and the quietness there 
Would you ask him to tell us more about the country 
Who's it for 
It's for you 
Hey Mike . I forgot about registration . I'm a day late , so all the classes are mostly full . What do you think I should do 
You're screwed . You can't do anything about that . You have to hope that you get some classes that will be useful 
Do you think going to the registration building will help at all 
No . They will tell you the same thing in a worse way 
Did you register yet 
Of course . Registering for classes is not something you want to miss 
What classes do you think are still open 
Well , I know psychology 101 is a big class , so there will always be seats in that class . You can also get into Sociology 
That's helpful . Thanks . But what do you think about philosophy . I wanted to take that class this semester 
I took that class last year . The professor is really cool , so if you go to his office , you can have him sign a card that will let you in even if the class is full 
He does that 
I guess that's because so many people drop out of that class 
That makes sense . I think I'll do that . Thanks for all the help 
No problem , man 
Hey , Susan . Have you got a sec ? I have some questions about my paycheck 
You bet , Emily . Pull up a chair 
Well , this is my first paycheck here in the States and there are a few things I don't understand . First of all , what is this FICA , and SUI Y tax , and why are there deductions both for Medicare and for my health insurance plan 
OK , let's start from the top of your pay stub . This number here represents your gross pay 
Then here we have a series of deductions . First off are the federal ones . FICA stands for Federal Insurance Contribution Act , or something like that . It's your federal income tax . And then there's Social Security and Medicare , which are both federal programs to help you out after you retire or if you were unable to work 
All right , I see . So the Medicare isn't actually a health insurance I can use now 
That's right . Below the federal deductions are the state deductions . There's the state income tax , and then this SUI / SDI tax you were asking about is paying into an unemployment and disability fund that our state has set up , but you can see it's a pretty small quantity that they take 
Yeah , I don't mind giving them a dollar fifty for that . So there are two separate income taxes — one at a state level and one at a federal level 
That's right . Not all states have an income tax . Some use higher property taxes or sales taxes instead 
I see . All right , well I think everything else I can figure out on my own . The deductions for health insurance and my 401 ( K ) are pretty self-explanatory . Thanks for your help , Susan 
No problem ! All those deductions do add up , and nobody's net pay is as high as they'd like . I can understand why you'd want some explanation 
Yeah , I guess it's the same in the UK , I just never paid much attention . See you later 
Good afternoon , you look a little stuck . Can I help 
The thing is , I've got all of this information here , all of these leaflets , but I can't make head nor tail of them 
I see . What is it exactly that you are interested in 
I'm not sure which would be better for me ; buying some insurance or putting my money in a Savings Deposit 
Well , that all depends on how much you want to invest 
I was thinking of around 10,000 RIB 
That's a nice round figure to deal with ! OK , if you were to buy this insurance policy , your yearly fixed income from it would be 94.35 RIB 
And for the Savings Deposit 
For the Savings Deposit you could actually get more . You see , in time deposit , the interest rate is 1.58 % after the 20 % interest tax . So , technically you could get more than a third more 
Wow ! A third more ? Very good 
Guess what , Gilly ? I won both bids 
Good for you . Did you use Paypal 
Yeah . It was so easy and super-fast , once I figured it out 
That's the beauty of it , and the danger 
I should get the items within a week . But in the meantime I'm bidding on a digital video camera 
How much 
Thirty U . S . dollars ... and it's only been used for six months 
Mmmm , sounds like risky business . Good luck 
We are looking for a bilingual secretary . Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English 
I think my English is fairly good . As you can see from my CV , I graduated from university with a B . A . degree in English . I studied the English language and English literature systematically 
How are your typing and shorthand skills 
I can type 80 words a minute , basically no mistake , and can take dictation in English at 120 words per minute 
Excuse me , but are you Mr . Smith from Britain 
Yes , I am 
I'm from Textile Import and Export Corporation . I've come to meet you . My name is Zhang Yong 
How do you do , Mr . Zhang ? I'm glad to meet you 
How do you do , Mr . Smith ? Let me help you with your luggage 
Thank you very much 
Did you have a good trip 
On the whole , not too bad 
Anyhow , it's a long way to China , isn't it ? And I think you must be very tired 
Yes , I am , rather . But I'll be all right by tomorrow and ready for business 
I wish you a pleasant stay here 
Thank you 
Now , Mr . Smith , if all is ready , we'd better start for the hotel 
I'd like to . Let's go 
This way , please . Our car is waiting over there 
I've read your resume and know a lot of things about your qualifications for this position . One thing you didn't mention is why you left your last job ? I know the company you worked for is a good company 
yes , it's a good company . But the management changed last month . We didn ’ t get along , so I quit 
I understand . Why would you like to join our company 
I'm qualified for this position . And I've heard a lot of good things about your company 
Like what 
You take care of your employees . And your company offers good salaries and benefits 
that's good to know . Why do you think you ’ re qualified for this position 
I've got over seven years ' experience working in this kind of position . I know I can do a good job in this position 
Have you a bus tour round the city 
Yes , of course . Do you want to join the day tour or the night tour 
Day tour . How much does that cost 
$ 20 
Is lunch included 
Of course . You will have the local specialties 
What he said disappointed me 
What did he say 
He advised me to change to a more suitable course 
Why 
He said that career in law was unsuitable for a women 
It is stupid to say so 
I dislike Susan . She is always above herself 
Don ’ t you know that she was the only one who had received the invitation in the office 
What of it 
Sure 
Dad , what are we doing tonight for fun 
We're going over to Mrs . Smith's place to help her with her yard work 
Yard work ? I said ' what are we doing for fun ' , not work 
It will be fun . And besides , you'll be in the best company 
Dad . You're so cute . What do I need to do to help get ready 
You could get the rakes and some shovels together and I'll put them in the car 
Jeans and a tee shirt , right 
Yes and maybe a jacket in case it gets cool 
This looks like a very nice house 
You know , I fell in love with this house the first moment I laid eyes on it 
The style of the exterior is just what I ’ Ve been looking for 
The exterior is only half of the story . The interior is incredible 
This home is gorgeous on the inside 
Everything that you see on the walls , floors , and windows is brand new 
The wall colors totally suit the style of this house 
Straight ahead is the gourmet kitchen 
I love the bamboo flooring and granite countertops 
The master suite is the best . Let ’ s go look at that next 
There is plenty of room for our king-sized bed , and I love the light in this room 
I know that you like this house , but let ’ s take a look at the others before you make up your mind 
Excuse me , can you tell me where the breakfast cereals are 
They're in aisle 2A , down that way 
Are the snack foods in that area , too 
Yes , they're in ... let me think ... Aisle 3B , if I remember right 
Okay , I'll go take a look . Thank you so much for your help 
Don't mention it 
What lovely weather 
It's so pleasant after the bad weather we've been having 
Let's go out and enjoy the fresh air 
All right.Let ' s go 
Hello Martin . Have you been to any events yet 
Yes I have . I went to the table tennis yesterday 
Oh wow . How was it 
Oh . It was great . I love Ma Lin . He ’ s my favourite table tennis player . Have you seen anything yet 
Oh I still haven ’ t managed to get any tickets . I ’ d love to see something though 
Well , let ’ s go to the marathon tomorrow then ! We can just stand by the side of the road 
What a great idea 
Would you like to stretch your legs 
Sure 
Let's get a soft drink 
Do we have enough time 
It's a fifteen-minute intermission 
The seats are excellent . We're right in the center 
It's a new concert hall and the acoustics are great 
I can't agree more 
Is this your first time to come to a symphony concert 
In the United States , yes . But back in China , I went to concerts a couple of times with my parents 
Do you have large concert halls in your city 
We have two . One is like this one . The other is a little smaller 
That's great . Well , we'd better get back to our seats . It's about to start 
Thanks for the advice , Mr . Macmillan . I ’ ll keep it in mind . I had better head off though . I ’ m meeting my husband for dinner 
Sure , I ’ m heading out myself . Enjoy your evening 
Thanks , sir . You too . Drive safely , I hear there ’ s a lot ice on the roads 
Thanks for the warning ! See you tomorrow 
Hi , it is a pleasant surprise 
Yeah , it ’ s been ages ! So how have you been 
Couldn ’ t be better . And you 
Just as usual , you know 
I'm worried sick that she will leave me tomorrow 
It's no use arguing the toss 
Maybe I'll have to face the music 
Hello . I need to disconnect my phone , please 
All right . Where do you live , sir 
At 345 Lincoln Avenue . Oklahoma City 
Very well . Why do you want to disconnect your phone , sir 
I ’ m moving to a new home 
O . K . May I have your name please 
John Smith 
Thank you . Mr . Smith . What ’ s your telephone number 
555-7658
Thank you . Where should I send your final phone bill 
623 West Side Drive . New York , New York 
Thank you , Mr . Smith . Your phone will be disconnected after this phone call . Have a nice day 
Thank you , you too 
Hello , what can I do for you 
I am looking for a host home 
How long will you stay with the host family 
Well , at least half a year . Do I have to do my own grocery shopping 
Usually the host family prepares at least two meals a day for you 
That is fine 
There's a problem with my credit card 
Tell me what the problem is 
A charge came up on my bill that I didn't make 
What was the charge for 
The charge was for a $ 350 purse , but I did not buy it 
Are you sure that you didn't make that purchase 
I would know if I bought something that expensive 
I apologize . What day was this purchase made 
It was bought on November 12th at 3
All right , we'll do an investigation 
Until this investigation is finished , will I have to pay for the charge 
No , you don't . We'll take care of it 
we are going out for dinner tonight . Are you coming , Betty 
I'm not sure . I have to check my schedule . Where are you going 
oh , Jake made a reservation at Friday's 
Jack 
yes , the one with the R $ D team . Is that a problem 
I will never go out with him anymore 
why did you say so 
last time when we had dinner at the Smith's , it was a horrible experience . He had no manners at all 
oh , really 
he made a lot of noises while eating . He talked with his mouth full and sipped loudly 
are you kidding me ? How could he behave like that 
it is true . Everyone kept looking at him . It was so embarrassing as I was sitting right next to him 
what a shame ! Didn't he realized that 
I have no idea . He seemed to enjoy the dinner very much 
maybe he should really something about eating etiquette 
oh , he really should 
I really want to go to China for vacation , but I can ’ t find a cheap plane ticket 
Have you tried the Internet 
No , not yet . Can you find a good price there 
Wow , you really live in the Stone Age , Mom 
Well , you don ’ t have to be mean . How do I do it 
Go to yahoo.com and click on “ Travel ” and “ Tickets . ” They ’ ll be about a billion sites to look at 
O . K . Thanks . I ’ ll let you know what I find 
All right 
I ’ ll look for a ticket for you , too 
I have a suggestion . Why don't we go to a ETV and sing 
A ETV ? Are you serious ? ETV 
Yes , why not ? Don ’ t you like ETV 
I don't know . I never went to one 
Never ? Really ? I'm surprised 
Many Americans have never gone to a ETV . It ’ s not an American thing to do 
But there are a lot of Kts in this town . There's one just two blocks from here 
OK , let's go 
How are you 
Fine 
I haven ’ t seen you for several days 
Oh , I have been with my uncle for a week 
What ’ s he doing 
He is an accountant . I have been helping him for a week 
He must be happy 
Yeah . How are you these days 
Fine too 
Would you like to book a table , sir 
Yes , would you arrange it for me the day after tomorrow 
Sure , when 
Six o'clock in the afternoon 
For how many guests , please 
Six 
How much would you like to spend 
We don't care about money . We'd like to have some good dishes of local specialties 
OK 
How many courses are there altogether , please 
Eight 
Could you tell me some of entrees about the dinner 
Sure . The main courses are roast Beijing duck and fried eel slices 
Very good 
I was looking for the Resume Writing Workshop 
You came to the right spot . Come on in and join us 
I am not really sure that I remember how to even put a resume together 
I am here to show you how to put together the perfect resume . It will turn out great 
How do we get started 
We need to put our name and contact information across the top 
Then what 
You can list your education at the top , or choose your job experience to be there if it is more impressive 
Could I list my interests and special skills next 
I think that that would work out quite well as an ending for your resume 
So Kim , have you ever had anything stolen 
Stolen ? No , why 
My uncle just had his motorcycle stolen a few nights ago . I was just thinking about how clever criminals are these days 
Criminals are clever ? They ’ re only successful when people are careless 
I don ’ t know . The ones who stole my uncle ’ s motorcycle were pretty good 
If your uncle had an alarm system , then it wouldn ’ t have happened 
He did . It was one of the best ones available . But that didn ’ t stop them from disabling it . And on a crowded street too 
Didn ’ t anyone stop them 
You would think that people would be smart enough to stop something like that . No one knew his motorcycle was being stolen . The thieves came in a truck and convinced everybody that my uncle was parked illegally and they were there to tow it away 
Wow , they were good . I guess criminals aren ’ t that dumb after all 
That ’ s not the end . They were so good that they convinced a bystander to help them lift the motorcycle and put it in the truck 
Have you met Professor Smith 
No , I have't got the chance to meet the famous professor yet 
Oh , he's my uncle.Come to my house at seven this evening . I'll introduce you to him 
Thank you very much 
Waiter , the meat is overdone 
I am sorry you don't like it , sir . But that's just the special point of the dish 
Is it 
Yes , hope you can enjoy it 
You know that ? Dan got a divorce 
Really ? I thought he loved his wife very much 
Yeah . But his relation with Sally come to a sticky end and was found by his wife 
He deserved it 
What can I do for you 
I want to check out these books 
I need your library card 
I have it right here 
It seems you have late fees 
Are you sure 
Yes , I ’ m sure 
How much 
Your late fees come to $ 24.50 
I don ’ t have that right now 
You have to pay it off before you can check out more books 
I ’ ll do that soon 
What time does the train for Tibet leave 
It will leave at 3:00 p . m 
When does it arrive 
It should be due in at 7:30 a . m.tomorrow 
How much is the ticket 
It's 86 coach and 175 berths
One berth , please 
Here you are at last ! You're half an hour late , you know 
I'm awfully sorry to have kept you waiting for so long 
What happened 
My watch stopped and I didn't know . I certainly need to buy a better one 
If the weatherman's predictions are accurate , it should rain tomorrow 
I hope not . Then we'd have to reschedule our baseball game 
Susan , can you give me a hand 
Sure , what's wrong 
I want to create a password for this document . Please tell me how to do it 
It's easy . Press O and then P . Then it will ask you for your password 
What do I do after I've typed in my password 
Just press ENTER and you've done 
Where can I buy textbooks 
First , you need to have the list of books for your class . Do you have that 
Yes , I have that 
Well , when you have that , you can take it over to the bookstore . Can you find it 
No , I don't know where the bookstore is 
Just pass the gym and it's the first door on your left . Were you aware that you can also turn in your old textbooks for money 
Really ? How can I do that 
Take your used textbooks with you and give them to the representative near the entrance . He will pay you for them . Are you going today 
No , I can't make it today 
I could help you with buying your books if you meet me there at 1
No , thanks . I'm good 
I'll see you later then . Have a great day 
Are you ready to go shopping 
Just a few minutes . I need to make a list of the things that we need 
Good idea . Have you written down tea , eggs and potatoes 
I forgot about the potatoes . Oh , I almost forget that we need a microwave oven badly . What kind of tea do you prefer ? Green tea or flower tea 
Let's just get both . Do you bring enough money 
We don ’ t have enough cash , but I ’ ll take my credit card 
How do I know if there is a vacancy in a company 
Easy . View the home page of the company , and see if they need staff . Many websites offer two-way service , such as job-hunting and talent hunting 
Which websites are most popular 
21st Talent Website , 51 Job , and Zhaopin.com are most popular 
Do you know that Jack got divorced last month 
For what reason 
Jack always lives by his wits and he cannot support his family 
He had better make a change 
Taxi 
Get on , PLS . Where do you wanna go 
Thank you . Pls hurry , I am late . Can I get to the Battery Park before 4 
All right , Miss . I think we will get there if there are no delays on the way 
How exactly do you figure out the car fare 
According to the kilometer rate , the first five kilometers are 4 dollars and every kilometer extra costs 50 cents 
Oh , I see 
Here we are , Miss 
Thank you . How much do I owe you 
You owe me 19 dollars 
That's 20 dollars . Keep the change 
Thank you 
Mr . Lin , what are you interested in 
I enjoy camping 
Really ? I'm not much of an outdoor person . What do you like about it 
I love the fresh air , the scenery the exercise , and the time to think 
Do you hike or fish on your trips 
Yes , both . Last trip I fished a little and hiked five miles 
Did you catch anything 
Yes , but I threw them back 
How about Joining our summer camp next week 
Great ! I can't wait 
How are you , Sue 
Pretty good . I ’ Ve just had my new poems published 
Congratulations on your success 
Thank you 
And how ’ s your brother 
He is fine 
He ’ s going to be sent to Britain to study , really 
Yes . He ’ s already got the passport and visa 
Fantastic ! Please send him my congratulations 
Thank you . He ’ s very lucky indeed 
Could I ask some questions regarding to the social benefits 
Go ahead , please 
How long is my paid vacation every year 
You ’ ll have 10 days paid vacation every year 
What about the insurance and housing policies 
We will provide you wit life insurance , health insurance , accident insurance , housing benefits , heating allowance and transportation allowance 
How often is the bonus 
You ’ ll be paid a bonus at the end of every year 
Do I have training opportunities 
We provide our employees with training opportunities at home and abroad 
Well , I don ’ t have any other questions so far . I would like to think a couple of days before I give you my final answer 
Sure . I will ask Lucy to call you in two days 
Ok , thank you for your time and patience 
You ’ re welcome 
I'm exhausted 
Okay , let's go home 
Have you seen the new James Bond movie 
Oh , yes . You 
Yes . What did you think of it 
I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it 
Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean 
Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan 
Oh , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song 
Not as much as last time , actually . What's the name of the American actor who was in the supporting role 
Hum , Edward Norton , or something like that . Did you like him 
Yes . He was excellent . They worked well together , don't you think 
I don't know . I think the woman was better . She provided a good love interest . Lucky James Bond 
Yes 
This is our Submission of Tender which includes the information about volume of the project , the cost and so on 
OK ! We'll see it 
What kind of guarantee are you going to provide for us 
We can provide you with standby letter of credit established by Bank of China 
Should we pay earnest money 
Yes , you are supposed to pay it on time . If you don't furnish a tender bond on time , your tender will not be considered . Besides , you also should provide derailed engineering of the good 
Where do we submit the tender 
To our office which is on the third floor 
Oh , I see . By the way , is tender-opening done publicly 
Yes . All the bidders will be invited to join us to supervise the tender-opening 
And are the prices stated in the US dollar 
Yes , so far as we know , in the field , your company has lots of experience and we hope you will consider the tender seriously 
OK ! We will . Bye 
Bye 
Paul sends you his regards 
How nice of him 
Excuse me ! How can I get to the post office , please 
Well , turn left at the first corner after the crossroad . It's near the corner . You can't miss it 
Thank you very much 
It's my pleasure 
Why didn't you text me last night 
What ? I sent you three or four messages 
I didn't get any of them . I was waiting for you to text me the address of where the party was and I never got your message 
Why didn't you just call ? I hate sending SMS messages 
Well , because I didn't have any credit on my phone . I used it all up this month 
I thought you had an unlimited SMS plan 
I do , but if I don't have any credit in my phone , it won't let me call or send messages 
No wonder you didn't get my texts 
Where do you plan to go this winter 
Alps , suppose 
Oh , yes , you like skiing 
Right 
Did you hear that Mary ’ s marriage is on the rocks 
So I hear 
Yesterday I met Mary , and she told me her husband often made pass at his secretary 
After all the crises they have survived together , her husband should do such things . She must feel that she ’ s been stabbed in the back 
Darling , I have news for you . Bobby and his wife , Evelyn , are going to have a baby soon 
Really ? I thought his wife couldn ’ t have a baby 
Actually they ’ re expecting the baby to come on my birthday 
Oh , what a coincidence ! I bet Bobby must be very happy about it . He likes children and always wants a child of his own 
In fact , they ’ re both very excited about the coming baby . Evelyn imagines what their baby would be look like , since one parent is American and the other one is Chinese 
Oh , right . Now I know why they would want to see our boy . It ’ s hard to imagine the wonder ! Are they expecting a boy or a girl 
It ’ s still a mystery . Because Evelyn is only three-month pregnant . But she begins to take her maternity leave now 
Oh ! You mean she doesn ’ t have to work now ? It ’ s hard for young parents not to overreact , isn ’ t it 
Good morning , Linda . How have you been 
Pretty bad . I ’ Ve had a bad cold for three days and still can ’ t get rid of it 
I ’ m sorry to hear that . Is there anything else I can do 
No , thanks 
Well , I hope you ’ ll feel better soon 
Thank you for your concern 
I ’ m from Channel 5 News 
How ’ s it going 
I was wondering if I could ask you a few questions 
Ask away 
First of all , did you vote today 
I already voted 
Who did you vote for 
I ’ m not going to tell you 
Why not 
My vote is personal 
I apologize for invading your privacy 
What I can tell you is that I voted for our next President of the United States 
Now let's talk about your interests and hobbies 
Well , I like reading , walking , swimming , hiking and playing basketball
You have a colorful life 
Yes . These hobbies have indeed enriched my life
How do you usually spend your time after work 
I prefer to read novels with a cup of tea 
What kind of books interests you most 
Detective books 
You seem to be a man of imagination and logic 
To some extent , I regard books as my good companion 
If so , you can benefit a lot from them 
That's for sure 
I definitely want to meet with you , Mr . Parker . I just need to sort out my schedule 
Well , I know you ’ re pretty booked up these days . But , we ’ Ve got to work fast on this 
I realize that . We don ’ t have any time to waste . I can put you down for 9:20 . Could you make that , Mr . Parker 
Let me see . That ’ s no problem . I ’ ll see you then 
What are you reading about in that science magazine 
There are several interesting articles on recent scientific breakthroughs . I just finished reading one about cloning 
I ’ m not sure I like the idea of that . I don ’ t want people copying me or other people . It could be very confusing 
According to the article , you have no real need to worry . Research nowadays is focussing on cloning parts of a human body to replace damaged or lost parts , not on recreating a whole human 
In the future , that could be possible 
In this article , scientists say that if you took the genes from someone and tried to create a copy of a person , there ’ s no guarantee that the copy would look or act like the original 
Really ? What else have you discovered 
I read about how scientists are using material from plants and animals to create new medicines . For example , an animal be immune to disease that affects human . So , scientists find out why it ’ s immune
That ’ s great , because it uses natural materials rather than ones that scientists make themselves . I prefer natural remedies to man-made ones 
Which way is the dining car 
Two cars forward 
What time will breakfast be served 
7:00 , sir 
The teacher just canceled the test 
Are you kidding 
I want to go house shopping , and I want to know what I can afford to buy 
There is a formula that can help us figure that out . What is your annual salary 
I earn sixty-five thousand dollars per year 
What is the length of time that you have worked at the job you have now 
I have been at the job I now have for 2 years , and I have been with the company for 6 years total 
Do you receive any other income 
I own a small rental unit with a partner , and I receive five hundred dollars a month from that unit 
Do you know what your credit score is 
I don ’ t know , but the last time I checked , it was very good 
You are in good shape . Figuring in your other expenses , you can easily afford a house costing seven hundred thousand or maybe even a little more 
Hey , taxi 
Where to , sir 
Beijing Library 
Hop in , please 
Is it a long ride to Beijing Library 
It will take about thirty minutes because it is the rush hour 
Thirty minutes , that will be all right . There are still fifty minutes to go before the library is open . Look , what are they doing on the square 
It is an exhibition of Chinese jades . It is held each year . A nice collection jades of are on display and sold 
Sounds great ! Can you stop somewhere here for a minute ? I will get some souvenirs for my friends 
No problem 
Excuse me . Can you show me some nail-polish 
Yes . We have all kinds of colors for it 
That's good 
What's your favorite color 
In my opinion , orange is very nice 
Sometimes pink is not bad , too 
You're right . Well , just these two , please 
Thank you . Anything else 
No , thanks 
Would you like to have this kind of suitcase 
Yes , I would , as long as it's good quality 
You can check it , sir 
OK 
We've managed to reduce our energy consumption in our factory by about 15 per cent in the last two years 
That's excellent . How have you managed that 
Mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system 
What does that mean exactly 
Well , we use the exhaust gases from our printing presses to provide energy to heat our dryers 
What other sources of energy do you use 
We don't use any fossil fuels . Most of our power comes from hydro-electric plants . We're hoping to use even more energy from alternative sources in the future - perhaps even wind power 
How many cleaning ladies does your company hire 
We have two cleaning ladies . But both of them have received little education 
Most cleaning ladies are illiterate . But some of them do a very nice job 
But I actually dislike another lady . She is more capable and seems to have ideas of her own . But the trouble is she Isa backseat driver with some of us . She would tell you what to do and where to put things 
It seems like it rains every time we plan a picnic 
Well , that's life 
Is there a city where it's always warm 
Yes , there are many cities where it's almost always warm.San Diego , for example 
Are there any other cities where it's always hot 
Many.Most of the cities in the southern part of the United States are hot all year 
But why do so many people live there 
Most people grow accustomed to the climate , but there are many others who complain about it all the time 
Are there any cities where it rains a lot 
Several.Two good examples are Seattle , in the state of Washington , and Portland , Oregon 
Tell us about some cold cities 
In the north there are many cities which are very cold in the winter.Boston and Chicago are two of them 
Is it always cold in Chicago and Boston 
Oh , no.On the contrary , there are many beautiful days , especially in the spring and fall 
Excuse me , I wonder if you could help me 
Of course , what can I do for you 
Well , I hate to have to say this , but I'm not happy with my room 
Oh , what exactly is problem 
Well , the traffic is very loud . I got no sleep last night 
Oh , I'm so sorry , Sir . I'll see what I can do about that 
It seems that nobody in your class likes Paul 
The boy is good for nothing 
As a teacher , I don ’ t know how to help him 
He is hopeless 
I heard you are going out with John 
Yes . To be frank , I really love him to death 
You are so lucky 
Why do you say that 
Why ? Are you kidding me ? A guy like that is hard to find . Few boys are so caring , so patient , and did I mention he is hottie 
You really think so 
Totally . I am saying it from the bottom of my heart ! And it's obvious that he ’ s head over heels in love with you , too 
I sure hope so 
Hello , Arthur . What seems to be the problem 
Hey doc . Well , I think I might need glasses . I ’ m getting headaches , and I really struggle to see things that are far away . But I have always had 20/20 vision 
Sounds like you may be far-sighted . OK , then cover your left eye and read the chart in front of you 
Mmm .. . X , E , R , 3 , a question mark , and I can ’ t quite make out the other symbol but I think it ’ s the peace sign 
Wow , Arthur ! You ’ re as blind as a bat 
Yeah , I know , my vision is really blurry at times 
Ok then , head on over to the other room and pick out some frames while I fill out your prescription 
Thanks doc 
Arthur , that ’ s the bathroom 
do you like music 
well , it depends 
do you think this music is warm matched 
of course yes 
how about the lyrics 
very touching 
it bring me back to some of my childhood memories 
yes , it is so . i love songs that take me to some places i have not been or have been for a long time . it is fun and exciting 
of course.it is really fantastic too , and it makes me eager to dance 
it is full of energy 
this song is really worthy listening to and enjoying 
it certainly is 
Oh , my God ! I feel nothing is going smooth 
Take it easy . It ’ s no good worrying . You were on your last leg if you keep worrying in this way 
Hi ! Tom . Fancy seeing you here It's a nice party isn't it 
Yeah . Well it's quite some days since we were together last summer.How is everything going 
Quite well . I got my MA degree two weeks ago 
Congratulations 
Is there anything I can do for you 
Yes . I have my wallet stolen 
When did you lose it 
I don't know the exact time . Maybe I lost it last night when I was traveling on the bus 
Can you make a description of your wallet 
It's a black leather one.There are my credit card and ID and some money 
Hello 
Hello , Claire . This is Mick 
Mick ! Nice to hear from you again . How are you 
Fine , thanks . And you 
Oh , not so bad . I've been very busy , but I'm going away on holiday soon 
Good . Listen . I'm phoning because I want to invite you to a party . At our Newhouse . And . 
New house ? Really 
Yes . We've moved . That's why we're giving the party . Can you come 
Well , that depends . When is it 
This Saturday evening 
Well . . . I'm going away on Sunday morning . Very early . Will the party go Convery late 
Until two in the morning . But you don't have to stay that long.Well ? What about it 
All right . I'll come . But I'd like to bring a present Something for your new house.What would you like 
Nothing . I mean , don't bring anything . It isn't necessary 
But I'd still like ..
Just bring yourself ! I'm looking forward to seeingyou again . It's been a long time 
Yes , it has . I'm looking forward to seeing you . too . and your new house . Uh . . . when does the party start 
Come any time after eight . All right ? 
Yes . Oh . by the W .
Bye ! See you on Saturday evening 
Wait a moment , Mick . You haven't . . . Mick ? Are you still there ? You haven'tgiven me your new address . Hello ? Mick ? Hello 
What do you think about the equipment in our company 
We have to equip our company with a network of work stations at every office and show room as soon as possible 
I also realized this issue . And office automation is essential 
Besides , Internet tends to be more essential now in the information age 
Good idea . A network of work stations is helpful for our management 
And , to be frank , our copying machines are too slow ; our telephone system is limited in function 
You are right . The current equipment of our offices really falls behind . Next week , you can provide me a catalogue of new equipment 
May I see your ticket , please 
I'm afraid I lost my ticket . Can I buy one again now 
How far are you going 
I'm going to New York 
Where did you begin your journey 
In Chicago 
I see . Do you remember how much you paid for your ticket 
I'm afraid I don ’ t 
Looks like dinner's ready 
Just about 
One Grand Slam breakfast for you 
Thanks . You know , I just noticed that these eggs are fried , and I ordered scrambled 
Thank you for pointing that out . I mistakenly gave you your friend's breakfast 
Not a problem . I can just trade my plate with his 
A special order of banana pancakes for you 
Pancakes ? I don't like pancakes . I ordered waffles 
I am so sorry , madam 
I can eat my bacon and eggs while you are exchanging my pancakes for waffles 
I will go trade those pancakes for waffles right now 
That would take care of it , thank you 
We are free this afternoon , aren't we , Mr John 
Yes , we are visiting the exhibition this afternoon , and look around Beijing city , wouldn't we 
It's very kind of you , Mr John.the sightseeing trip between our business talk will be sort of our work division.business can be make for pleasure.what kind of exhibition we're going to see 
It's industrial exhibition , in origin show the results of new industrial products in the city . a lot of products there to meet the needs of home and export
Could you give more detail information about some of the industries you just mentioned 
Yes.take the oil industry for instance.you know there are twenty oil resources in China.you can see many chemical products in the exhibition.such as chemical fabrics as I dress 
What the others 
There are chemical materials , medicines , rubber , plastics and so on , many products and meet the domestic markets , we are also trying to meet international markets 
How about textile industry 
Textile is a traditional industry , which has completely catalogue , and solid basis and has developed in the past few years.the export is great , counting more than 25 % of export products
That's surprising , three days ago when I went to yancheng store , I saw different kinds of textile goods . I've bought some for my wife , some for my friends.they seem very attractive 
That's good . I think they must like them.in recently years , light industry have be developing in Standley , and place a credible role in our industry sister.these industry including leather , bikes , household electric products , clocks , sporting goods and so on.many of them are very popular at home and abroad 
I'm sure I'll enjoy seeing them.and will have more information of your city industry.what is more ? I'd like to visit if it is possible.the famous Goumi street in the city 
No problem , this street is nearly built along the both sides of this street.there is stores , restaurant follow the style of tradition chinese building , the guest come there taste very traditional favorite dishes 
I am sure I'll enjoy some real chinese food then 
I have a feeling you will get this job 
Thanks . But I'm not so sure . Interviews stress me out 
Just remember to be professional and polite . Oh , and don ’ t forget to smile 
I ’ ll do my best , but sometimes I have trouble being myself in stressful situations 
Have you updated your resume recently 
Yes ... ah ! I forgot to include my e-mail address 
You ’ d better double-and-triple check it . You don ’ t want to have any embarrassing typos on your resume . Otherwise , you might shoot yourself in the foot 
I ’ ll be sure and do that . I also need to pick out the right suit , shirt , and tie for this interview 
Definitely . Oh , do you have a reference letter 
Sort of . I prepared a list of all the people who can vouch for my experience and good work ethic 
I ’ m included on your list of references , right ? My praise of you could really make a difference 
Sorry , you ’ re not on it . I don ’ t think using my brother as a reference would be very convincing 
Hello , Jack.It ' s good of you to come 
The pleasure is mine.Happy birthday and many happy returns of the day 
Thank you , Jack.To be frank , I'd rather forget my birthday 
Don't be silly 
We have made some adjustment on the prices , and this is renewed price list 
Thank you for allowing us 3 % reduction , but still we find your price is on the high side 
This is our rock-bottom price and we can't make any further reduction 
If so , we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks 
Then , what's your countr-offer 
This is our counter-offer 
We are sincere to make business with you , but the difference between your counter-offer and our price is too great 
So are we , our counter-offer is in line with the world market 
How about meeting each other half-way in order to conclude the business 
Agreed 
How are you 
I ’ m great . Thank you for asking 
What can I do for you 
Do I owe any fees 
You sure do 
Could you tell me how much I owe 
You owe $ 235.13 in fees 
I can ’ t believe that 
When will you be paying these fees off 
I ’ ll pay them off right now 
Cash or check 
I will pay with cash 
Can you read what this says 
Yes , and you could too if your hair wasn't hanging down in your face 
Don't dis my hair ! I like it like this 
You like it , but it's getting to be a handicap for you 
Hey , that's enough about my hair 
I know a great hairdresser not far from here and she is cute too 
I don't go to hairdressers because they're cute 
Did I mention she's good at cutting hair too 
Peter , do you want to learn to play the piano 
No , mom . Piano is for girls 
Well , there are many boys that can play the piano very well , like Jay Chou 
No way , mom . I don't like piano 
OK . But you have to promise me that you will study hard in your English class 
All right , all right . I understand 
Look what you've done 
I'm very sorry , sir . I'll bring you a cloth immediately 
Yes , and hurry up 
I'd like to apologize for my carelessness . May I clean it up for you 
No , I'll do it myself 
Here is my card , sir . Could you send me the cleaning bill and I will refund the cost to you 
I should think so , too 
I'm very sorry to have caused you this trouble 
Yes , and please be more careful in the future 
I will , sir . I'm really very sorry 
That's OK 
What kind of character do you think you have 
Generally speaking , l am an open-minded person 
What is your strongest trait 
Cheerfulness and friendliness 
How would your friends or colleagues describe you 
They say Mr . Sun is a friendly , sensitive , caring and determined person 
What personality do you admire 
I admire a person who is honest , flexible and easy-going 
How do you get along with others 
I get on well with others 
Can I have my check , please 
Here it is . 350 Yuan all together 
May son adores my new hairstyle so I suppose it is worth it 
Hearing you say that is a big reward for us . And here is the receipt 
Thank you 
Wait ! Congratulations ! You are the lucky customer of our anniversary celebration 
Wow , it's surprising . So what do I get 
You can have a free facial and then make up free for you . Do you want it now 
Probably not . Doing that will probably take another three hours which I can't afford now 
Here is our number . Call us when you are ready to come 
You mean I should make an appointment ahead of time 
Yes 
Got it . Bye for now 
Good . There is the information desk . How do we get to seventieth street , please 
The northern line is what you want 
How much is it 
It ’ s two yuan 
Which way do we go for the northern line 
Just go through the number eight to ticket barrier over there . A train will be in directly 
I appreciate it , thank you 
That ’ s all right 
Are you free on the thirteenth in the afternoon 
No I'm afraid not . I'm meeting Ruth then . How about the fourteenth in the morning 
I'm sorry . I'm attending a meeting at the Hilton then 
What about the next day 
No . I'm busy then too . I'm meeting Dorothy Heath at North Bridge Road . Are you free on Thursday afternoon 
Yes , I think I am . Let's meet for lunch at mouth restaurant 
Good idea ! Is two o'clock okay 
That's fine . See you there 
Good morning . This is Apple Corporation . May I speak to Ballam 
Speaking 
I ’ m calling to offer you the position of computer engineer 
May I ask how much I can get every month 
Your starting salary is 3 , 000 yuan a month , but if you work well we will put you on our regular staff after six months time and your salary will be raised to 5,000 yuan a month 
I thought the starting salary is too low 
What is the lowest salary you may consider 
I hope to make 4,000 yuan a month for supporting my family 
That ’ s all right . We will pay you 4 , 000 yuan a month for supporting your family . Would you like to start on next Monday 
No problem . Thank you for hiring me , I am very proud to be employed by your company and I will come in at eight o ’ clock sharp Monday 
Okay , well I ’ m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position 
Yes , well Miss Childs did give mean overview of the position over the phone , but there were some details I ’ d like to clarify 
Well feel free to ask me anything , and I ’ ll try to fill in the details 
Could I first ask about the remuneration package 
Yes , of course . That's quite an important point , isn ’ t it ? As a junior sub editor we offer a starting salary of 150,000 HK dollars per annum . This doesn ’ t include a generous housing allowance al
I understand . And are there other bonuses included 
Well , apart from full health insurance we do offer a company staff bonus scheme linked to readership numbers . But we could go through all the details of that at a later date 
Well , Mr . Parsons , I am flexible when it comes to salary . The opportunity to work in Hong Kong for you is the most important thing for me 
Excellent.Well , what other questions do you have Rebecca 
Mr . Black , when is the earliest shipment you can make 
In April or early May 
I am afraid shipment by early May would be too late for us . Our customs formalities are quite complicated , and it takes time to distribute the goods to the farmers in our country . The fertilizers must be delivered before April , or else we can't be in time for the spring sowing 
In that case , we will have to improve one month further on the time . Now is Jan . If the fertilizers should be shipped before the end of March , only 2 months are left . The time is too limited 
You understand a timely delivery is very important to us 
All right . You can rest assured that we will do everything possible to advance shipment . The fertilizers will be delivered before April 
What a great weekend that was 
My feelings exactly 
I really enjoy the beach in the summer 
I couldn't agree with you more 
We should come here more often 
You are absolutely right 
I'd like to come back next weekend 
That's exactly the way I feel 
You really look familiar 
Really ? My name is Gretchen Hammer . What is your name 
My name is Phillip Hammer . I think we are related . Who is your dad 
Jacob Hammer . He is originally from Holland 
That's my uncle . You're my cousin ! Hi cousin 
It's really a small world , isn't it ! The Hammer family isn't very big 
It really is . Do you have time to eat dinner and catch up 
I always make time for family 
What are you doing 
I ’ m just looking at this map of the world . I ’ m preparing for a geography class 
There are no countries marked on the map 
No , there aren ’ t . this map just show the geographical features . Look at the Himalayan plateau with the highest peaks in the world 
The thing that I find most surprising is that most of the world is covered with water . Compared to the oceans , most countries are tiny 
I find it incredible how millions of years of volcanic activity have created mountains thousands of metres tall 
Rivers have created deep valleys and canyons like the grand canyon 
The oceans and landscapes all influence our climate 
It ’ s all so interesting . I ’ ll have to find more information about it on the internet . Or perhaps I should try and attend your geography class 
I want to reserve a VIP room at 7:00 this evening 
OK , sir . How many people are there in your party 
8 . Is your VIP room big enough for 8 persons 
Of course 
Mary , I have something to tell you 
Go ahead 
I ’ m afraid you ’ ll become angry . But I think I must tell you 
Come on . Don ’ t hesitate 
John made out with other girls at the party yesterday 
How much is the video camera 
$ 250 . It's Sony made in Japan 
It is cute . I will take it . Please make out the receipt 
OK , sir . Here you are . There is a one-year warranty 
I've just had an argument with Bob 
Really , who started the argument 
He did and it's his entire fault 
Did you know it takes two to tango 
Good evening , Saliva . What's that wonderful aroma from your kitchen ? What are you doing now 
I am cooking now 
Are you good at cooking 
I have studied its skills recently at a training school . I plan to run a restaurant , so I have to practise cooking 
It is a good idea . What dish are you cooking now ? 
I am steaming fish in a pressure cooker . Have you ever tried steamed fish 
Yes , I have . But the taste of steamed fish at that restaurant is not delicious . The fish is not well-done and too salty 
That's the case . I think there is not enough time to steam it and soy sauce is too much 
I have the same idea as yours 
It's OK . Please have a taste of it 
Thank you . Oh , it's very delicious 
Thank you for your praise 
Besides steamed fish , what else are you good at cooking 
I am good at stewing beef with potato , frying chicken , hot and sour soup etc 
So many dishes . Next Friday week is my birthday . I would like to invite you to cook for my dinner party , OK 
Why not ? It is a good opportunity for me to practise cooking 
Thanks a lot 
It's my pleasure 
This is frank speaking , may i ask who is calling 
This is Jane , I'd like to speak to Mr.Wang , please 
I'm sorry , he is not here at the moment . He has gone to the International Business Center 
When do you expect him back 
I'm not sure , he didn't say when he wound return . If you'd like.you can leave him a message until he is back to you until the moment it's free 
Yes , thank you . When he gets back , please just let him know that jane called . And i need him to call me back 
Does he have your number 
Yes , he does . But i give it to you again . 5264453 6
That was 5264453 6 , right 
Yes , thank you very much 
You are welcome 
how are you doing 
I'm ok . I wish I could say the same for my friend 
what happened to him 
he was arrested by the police for drinking and driving 
was it his first offence 
unfortunately not . He was charged with a DUI when he was in university 
what happened to him then 
not much ; it was a minor offence back then . He got away with a fine of $ 500 
did they take his license away 
no , they were really easy on him . The problem is that that was a long time ago . They are much tougher on crime now 
what do you think will happen to him 
well , he'll definitely lose his license , pay a fine , and maybe even spend some time in jail 
that doesn't sound too promising . Does he have a defence lawyer 
not yet . If we can't find a lawyer for him , then the state will appoint him with one 
my sister is a lawyer . I can ask her if she can help him 
that'd be great ! I know he'd appreciate your help 
Which university did you graduate from 
I graduated from Hebes University 
What subject did you major in at university 
I majored in Economics 
Tell me about the courses of your major in university 
I take more than 50 courses in university , including microeconomics , macroeconomics , marketing principles , sales management , statistics , and so on 
How did you get on with your studies in university 
I did well in university . I was one of the top students in the class 
What subject did you minor in 
I didn't minor in any subject when I was in university , but I attended English and computer courses . And I am currently studying finance in a training school 
Why did you apply for the position 
I learned from your ad.That you will provide on-the-job training for new employees.This is just what I need , because I'm a recent college graduate . I have the necessary knowledge and skills but I lack experience 
What do you hope to become 
I want to prove my true value in the electronic industry , and hopefully in the near future I would be promoted to a higher position 
Well , thank you for coming.We ' ll let you know as soon as possible 
How do you use an ATM card , Billy 
It ’ s easy , grandpa . Insert you card into the machine here . Then wait a moment . OK . Now you enter your PIN . It should have four numbers 
Oh yes . I ’ Ve got it written down here . Just a minute 
You really shouldn ’ t write it down . You should memorise it . You can change it to a more convenient number if you like 
OK , I ’ Ve entered my PIN . There are several options on the screen . I guess I just choose which service I want , don't I 
Yes . Choose the service you need to use . If you choose to withdraw money , the machine will ask you how much you want 
I can just enter the amount using the key , right 
That ’ s right . Give the machine a moment to process you request . Then take your money 
These machines aren ’ t very difficult to use . In fact , I quite like them . They are much faster than dealing with a band clerk 
Is this your first time visiting Beijing 
Yes . Is it easy to get around 
I think so . You can get anywhere by bus and taxi is not expensive 
How about the subway 
It's also convenient , but it's usually crowded 
did you watch the Oscars on Sunday night 
no , but I heard about that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend 
yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go 
they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood 
they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want 
I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars 
did either one of them win an Oscar this year 
I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything 
Tom Cruise may be handsome , but I think he's a bit crazy , don't you 
yes , his marriage to Katie is actually quite scandalous 
I still think that they only got married to get more publicity for their movies and themselves 
people in show biz can have such an easy life ; I don't know why they have to make it so complicated 
I would never want to be a celebrity because the paparazzi would also be after you 
that's true . I guess it would be difficult to have people taking pictures of you everywhere you go 
thank goodness we're not rich and famous 
being famous , I can do without , but I wouldn't mind being rich 
Guess , what I ’ Ve bought for you 
Oh . it ‘ s a case flowers . It ’ s very kind of you 
I hope you like it 
I love flowers you know . Thank you very much 
that ’ s all right 
Hi , I made a reservation for a mid-size vehicle . The name is Jimmy Fox 
I ’ m sorry , we have no mid-size available at the moment 
I don ’ t understand , I made a reservation , do you have my reservation 
Yes , we do , unfortunately we ran out of cars 
But the reservation keeps the car here . That ’ s why you have the reservation 
I know why we have reservations 
I don ’ t think you do.If you did , I ’ d have a car.See , you know how to take the reservation , you just don ’ t know how to hold the reservation and that ’ s really the most important part of the reservation , the holding . Anybody can just take them 
But we do have a compact or an SUV if you ’ d like 
Fine . I ’ ll take the compact 
Alright . We have a blue Ford Focus for you , Mr . Fox . Would you like insurance 
Yeah , you better give me the insurance , because I am gonna beat the hell out of this car 
Miss Liu , have we received the fax from MS Company yet 
Let me check - - oh , here it is . It just arrived a few minutes ago 
Excellent . I have been expecting it 
Is it important 
You bet it is . It's about the new contract 
Here it is , sir 
Here ’ s a letter for you 
Let me see it 
Who ’ s the letter from 
It ’ s a letter from UCLA about my acceptance 
Read it 
UCLA accepted me 
Really 
I ’ m not joking . I got accepted 
I ’ m so happy for you 
UCLA was my second choice , but I ’ m happy knowing I ’ Ve been accepted 
I am really proud of you 
You have no idea how proud I am of myself 
He's too young for the job 
Give him a chance 
Welcome . May I help you 
Use , I want a eye-shadow 
We have different colours of eye-shadow . May I know what colour you usually wear 
Purple . But today , I'm thinking of buying one in a bright colour 
Yes , I see . How do you like this one 
May I have a try 
Certainly 
It's still too dark . Any brighter colours 
Not from this brand , I'm afraid 
What about other brands 
How about this one 
Oh , that's the very thing I need 
Then , Mary . We need 10 more loose-leaf binders , five pounds of heavy duty white paper , and what else did I say 
Two boxes of transparencies for the over-head machines 
Right . And I ’ d like one of those new electric pencil sharpeners 
All right , Mr . Jones . Do you think we ’ ll need anything else 
You taught at a local school for a year , right 
Yes , I was there as an English teacher 
Did you enjoy yourself there 
Sure . I was fond of those lovely children
So why did you decide to resign 
The school is a little bit too far away . I simply want to take good care of my elderly grandfather 
I see . But why don't you continue to work as a teacher 
I think it's better for me to meet new challenges in life 
So you can have more room for development 
And I can experience another kind of life style 
It sounds like a good idea 
I hope I can adapt to the new job as soon as possible 
Have you washed any clothes yet 
No , I've only washed my whites 
When you wash your dark clothes , can you put some of mine in 
Sure . Is there any extra care that I should take with your clothes 
Just make sure you keep it on the gentle cycle 
How many clothes of yours do you want me to wash 
There isn't a lot , why , do you have a large load to wash 
It's really only a small load 
Do you mind washing my clothes 
Not at all . It's no problem 
Thank you so much 
It's no trouble at all 
Sir , I am very glad to tell that we have successfully registered the trademark for our new product . It is the time to think of some effective promoting strategies . We are beginning to get more attention from overseas 
Well done , Fred . Do you know something useful for our promotion for our I-series 
OK , Let me see . I suppose we must strengthen our promotion , because our brand is still new to some consumers . Maybe we should start our advertising program with our local and overseas distributors simultaneously , because they stand on a better position for selecting the best ways to advertise in market places . Besides , the advertisement fund can encourage them to spend more attention on advertising our products 
That is a good idea to start with . I also think the mass media is also a good approach for advertising 
Yes , the mass media has wider influence . One of my classmates works in an advertisement company . I can get help and inspiration from him . And we can also try some less expensive approaches of advertising , such as on-line sales . Personally , I prefer to the on-line sales , for it is cheaper , faster and wider 
Is that you , Dave ? Oh , my gosh ! The backstabber who left us to work for the evil WebTracker 
Yeah , yeah , yeah . Hi , Mary . How are you 
I'm filthy rich ! Haven't you heard about the MicroPower deal 
Yeah , I guess I did . They're going to buy invoking 
That's right . For seventy-five million . So how are you 
I'm getting by OK . I heard MicroPower was going to make Zina president of their new invoking Internet division 
What would you say if I told you I was going to quit school 
I ’ d say , think twice about it . Well , you are not going to quit school , are you 
I don't know . I failed my exam 
What did you get 
A B plus 
That's not bad 
But I should have aced it . I mean I finished the paper so quickly , thinking it's a piece of cake . But when I knew my result , I was like what ? That can't be true 
Listen , John . I understand that you are such an excellent student and I know you must have lots of stress , but you really want to give up 
No , I don't . I just don't know how to handle this . This is my first time , you know 
I know . Don't worry . Do you know what you should do 
What 
You need to blow off some steam . The world is not on your shoulder 
How 
Forget about school and exams . Come over to my house and have fun . I have some really good DVDs 
Thanks . But I really don't feel like watching movies tonight . I have to get an early start in the morning 
Then go to bed and have a good sleep 
I guess that's what I need . Thanks . You're being a really good friend 
Of course I am . Well , pleasant dreams 
Thanks , bye 
I hear you're moving to New York 
Yes , I found a very good job down there 
Well , we'll certainly miss you in Boston 
I'm going to miss you folks , too 
Let's keep in touch 
OK . I'll drop you a line as soon as I get there 
Michael , it is time to wake up 
Huh 
Yes , it is time to wake up . And , also , from now on I will speak only English to you . And you should speak only English to me , too 
Okay , mom 
Right . That's good 
It will be hard at first , but I think I can do it 
I know you can do it 
I will do my best 
That is great . All I want is for you to do your best in everything you do 
Hello , Jason . Are you free this Saturday evening 
Yes . I have no plans 
Would you like to Come to our barbecue 
Yes , that sounds wonderful 
OK . See you then 
But wait , wait , will there be food that is not meat ? You know . I'm a vegetarian
Hey ! I didn't know that ! When did you become a vegetarian 
The other day , I decided that I needed to loose more weight so I am going to try to be a vegetarian . And you know what ? I don't miss the taste of meat 
Relly ? That's amazing 
Yes , it really is . After having vegetarian diet . I have much more energy , I need less sleep , I feel calmer . I can maintain an ideal body weight without worrying about how much I eat and I can think more clearly 
Are you kidding ? I really don't think that you think less clearly on non-vegetarian diet 
Yes , maybe . But I feel better since becoming a vegetarian . Maybe you could also have a try 
Maybe I'll also have a try some day , but I'm afraid that it would be difficult for me to refuse meat 
Maybe you would change your mind after having a vegetarian diet 
We'll see . Anyway , I'll prepare some vegetarian food for the barbecue . See you then 
I have been having a lot of headaches lately 
Have you been having these headaches for a long time 
I have had headaches my whole life , but they have been getting worse lately 
Have you been under a lot of stress lately 
I ’ Ve been under stress , but no more than usual 
Have you been getting enough sleep lately 
No , I only sleep a few hours a night 
Have you had any head injuries lately 
Yes , actually I fell skiing last week and hit my head 
I am going to send you for a CT scan , and I will see you again when we see the results 
Which university did you graduate from 
I graduated from Peking University 
What was your major at university 
I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China 
What course did you like best 
I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work 
What do you think is the relationship between the subjects you've taken and the job you are seeking 
I've taken courses on office administration , reports and correspondence writing . I think all these are closely related to the job of assistant manager , because it requires the ability to perform general office work and to assist the manager in handling all paperwork 
I ’ m looking for a budget hotel in Orlando . Have you ever stayed at the Comfort Hotel 
Yes ... I wouldn ’ t recommend it 
Why not 
Granted , it ’ s cheap , but the place is filthy , the beds are uncomfortable , there ’ s no A / C , the breakfast is pretty skimpy ... and the staff couldn ’ t care less about the guests 
Oh . I guess you get what you pay for . How long did you stay there 
Just one night , when my flight was canceled due to bad weather . It ’ s bearable if you just need a place to crash , but you definitely don ’ t want to book a vacation there . Unless you enjoy sharing your room with cockroaches 
Hmm , I ’ ll pass . Hopefully I can find a decent place that won ’ t cost a fortune 
Say , Jim , how about going for a few beers after dinner 
You know that is tempting but is really not good for our fitness 
What do you mean ? It will help us to relax 
Do you really think so ? I don't . It will just make us fat and act silly . Remember last time 
I guess you are right . But what shall we do ? I don't feel like sitting at home 
I suggest a walk over to the gym where we can play singsong and meet some of our friends 
That's a good idea . I hear Mary and Sally often go there to play singsong . Perhaps we can make a foursome with them 
Sounds great to me ! If they are willing , we could ask them to go dancing with us . That is excellent exercise and fun , too 
Good . Let's go now 
All right 
Hi , Alan . I feel very nervous because I am going to have a job interview next Monday . Could you please give me some suggestions 
Sure . Firstly , it is very important for you to be punctual . Interviewers usually don ’ t think much of a candidate who comes 5 or 10 minutes late only to explain that he could not find the place or he was stuck in traffic 
Yeah , that is very important 
Secondly , you need to create a good image in a limited time 
I will try my best to make a good impression , but it is always easier said that done 
I think you should make some preparations . For example , you should take care to appear well-groomed and modestly dressed . What ’ s more , try to avoid a too causal style 
Can I wear T-shirt and jeans for the job interview 
You ’ d better not . Informal clothes like sports shirts , tom jeans or dirty sneakers convey the impression that you are not serious about the job , or that you may be casual about your work as you are about your clothes 
I've got it . I think I will wear a white shirt with a tie . Thank you for your suggestions 
Hello , I want to order an Easy-own package . What would you recommend 
Which function do you use more , making calls or sending short messages 
About the same . But I'm looking for a job , so I have to answer the phone often 
Then I recommend this package to you . You can receive all the calls free by paying just 10 yuan a month 
That's good . How can I order it 
Sending a message ' KTCTWY ' to 10086 will do 
Thank you . I'll have a try 
You're welcome 
the James ’ s file , Christine 
I had it right here a minute ago , Mr . Emory . Umm . Just a minute ..
Christine , I know you ’ re new here and there ’ s a lot to learn , but you are going to have to learn to keep your work in better order . We can ’ t afford to lose an important document 
Yes , sir . I apologize for that . Here ’ s the file you were looking for , Mr . Emory 
How would you like your hair set 
I'd like to have it in big waves 
Shall I put some oil on ? B
Where can I get the information , Kate 
Ask John . He is sure to know about it 
Why 
He has a finger in the pie 
What's the matter with you , Mary ? You look a bit pale 
I'm afraid I've got a terrible cold . What should I do 
Have you taken any medicine 
Yes , but I'm not feeling very better now . Actually I'm feeling even worse 
Well , if I were you , I'd go to see the doctor . That might help . And you'd better stay in bed today instead of going to work 
My stay is over . Here's the key to my room 
Thank you . And here's your receipt , sir 
Many thanks 
I hope your stay here was satisfactory , sir 
This could be a great hotel , once you get rid of the insects . The city itself is great 
I'm glad that the little problem didn't ruin your visit . Please have a pleasant trip home 
Did you hear what happened in the Scott case ? Some of the sensitive material were leaked to the press . Now every newspapers is all over it 
Oh ... I bet the firm is fuming . Do they know who spilled the beans 
I'm sure they have their suspicions ; there were only a few of the senior level layers who were privy to the case details 
What kind of repercussions will there be for the people who are held responsible 
I'm sure there'll be canned ! And there also might be some legal consequences 
Why would the person who told have problems with the law 
Because whoever let the cat out of the bag was breaking client confidentiality 
I didn't think about that . That's pretty serious . Are there investigators working on finding out who it was 
I'm sure management is on top of it 
What are the good sights to see in Beijing 
Well , I know you are interested in architecture , so you should't miss the Temple of Heaven , and the Great wall is a must too 
I am not certain , but I think I might ask to be considered for the new job 
Why are you considering trying for it 
I think that I might like it , but I am still thinking about it 
What is it about this job that appeals to you 
I think that I would enjoy the position but there isn't a lot of creativity involved 
Yes , you could be right . There is a lot to consider 
I am also wondering about the pay 
Would a slight decrease in pay be worth it for a new opportunity for growth 
I am thinking that might be the case 
I think you should give it a shot . What do you have to lose ? You can always change your mind 
Kelly , the guys and I think you should run for senior class president 
Me ? Why me ? Why not you 
We talked to our older brothers and sisters last night and got the scoop on what that job is all about 
And you think I fit the qualifications 
Yes . Did you know that the senior class president works for the class for life ? The job doesn't stop when we graduate 
Really ? What is there to do after we graduate 
Every class reunion is organized by the president and council and anything our class does for the school in later years is headed by the president 
I'm honored that you think I would be qualified . But I would really have to think about this first 
Good morning , I made an appointment with Dr . Smith , but I have to change it 
When you made your appointment , what day did you choose 
My appointment was on Wednesday 
At what time was that appointment 
It was for 4
I can see the appointment that you had . What day do you need to change to 
I want to change to next Tuesday 
What time would you prefer 
I would prefer three o ’ clock in the afternoon 
I will put you down for that time . Thank you for calling to reschedule 
Did you get the car you wanted 
No . Someone had stolen a march on me and bought it 
What about the car over there 
It is marvelous , and the price is marvelous , as well 
May I take your drink order while you are looking over your menu 
Yes , do you have a wine list 
The wine list is on the second page of your menu 
Do you have mixed drinks in this restaurant 
Yes , we have a full bar here 
I am not sure what I want . Do you have any house specials 
Actually , we are famous for our Cuervo Gold margaritas 
That sounds good ! Please bring me one of those 
Would you like that drink blended or on the rocks 
I would like it blended 
Would you like it with salt or no salt 
I would like my margarita with no salt , thank you 
I ’ m Miss Sherman . What seems to be the problem 
Well , apparently I ’ Ve run up quite a bill . I was under the impression that the Junior Executive Holiday Package only cost 250 dollars per night . I ’ Ve just been informed that it ’ s actually 500 do
That ’ s true . For the Junior Executive Room ... three nights ... yes , your bill should be $ 1,500
But I definitely was led to believe that a three-night stay would be $ 750 
The advertised rate is based on double occupancy 
When I booked the room , your staff didn ’ t mention this . And the brochure and your promotional mailings do not mention that 
Are you quite sure 
Yes . Have a look 
I see . I had no idea our advertising was so misleading . It is here , but it ’ s in the fine print on the last page 
Perhaps you could arrange to provide me with a new bill that reflects the advertised rate 
Normally I couldn ’ t do that . But under the circumstances , I ’ ll see what I can arrange.Customer satisfaction is our primary aim 
Thank you 
Hello , I have a reservation for a double 
What's your last name 
It's Smith . Here is my driver's license 
Yes , I do show your reservation . How could you like to pay for the room 
I'd like to put it on my VISA 
Fine . Here is your room key , here is also a map of our hotel . The swimming pool , gym and sauna are all located on first floor 
Great , is our room ready yet 
Yes . If you want to order room service , just press 0 on your phone , and that will connect you with the front desk 
Good morning , sir 
Good morning . I'd like a business suit made with this material 
Do you have a particular style in mind 
The kind that never goes out of fashion , I guess 
I think you should realize that even the most conservative style changes 
I'm sure you're right . I just dread the idea of making a new suit every year 
The changes are usually not that dramatic . We just got some pictures of the latest fashion . Would you like to take a look 
Good . I think I'll choose this single breasted one . When can I get it 
Next Friday 
Thank you 
Do you have any more questions 
No , sir 
Let's call it a day then.Good - bye , everyone 
Good-bye , sir
Hello . Smith ’ s Resident 
Hello . This is the operator . Can I speak to Mr . Smith , please 
This is Mr . Smith 
I have a collect call for you from Jennifer . Will you accept the charges 
Yes , I ’ ll pay for the call . Put her through , please 
Okay . Thanks 
Oh , the bus is gone 
Pity we didn't catch it 
I'm afraid we have to wait for the next bus 
We have to wait six more minutes 
Spring Festival is the most important festival in China , isn't it 
Yes , that's true 
How long is the holiday 
It depends.But usually it's about 15 days 
Do you eat any special food for the festival 
Yes , dumpling is a must.There is also other food.For example , people eat chicken for good luck 
That's interesting . I'm told the Chinese firework is very beautiful , isn't it 
Yes , it's really wonderful 
Oh , great ! I hope I can spend this Spring Festival with you here in Beijing 
I'm sure you'll have a good time 
Mr . Wang , I've had scheduled for your two days stay in Shanghai . You can make some changes if it does not suit you 
All right . Please read it to me 
On Friday morning , Mr . Wang , the director of Shanghai Research Institute , will visit you at the hotel . In the afternoon , you will discuss some problems with Mr . Yang , vice manager of computer corporation 
Very good 
On Saturday , you'll leave the hotel for sightseeing . Miss Lu will be your guide 
Oh , that's great 
Hello . I want to purchase an old music box 
We have a good variety . What decade would you like 
I was hoping I could find something made in the ' 20s 
There are six on this table 
I hope at least one of them has dancing figures 
Many people like the dancing figures . Two of our boxes have the figures 
So hard to choose . I think I'll take this one 
That one will bring you many hours of pleasure 
Does a warranty come with this music box 
I'm sorry , but if it breaks down , you're on your own 
I just thought I would ask 
When you buy a Model T , you can't expect a warranty 
Taylor , you're looking a little pale . Are you sure you want to hand out nametags 
Do I have a choice ? You said the guy who was supposed to do it didn't show 
True . Keep up the good work . Hello , welcome to the reunion of the Class of ' 93 
Just come over here , sir . First you need to sign in and get your photo nametag 
And don't forget to put in an order for your reunion memory book 
Would you like to donate to our alumni fund 
I'll talk to you later 
What's the rush 
I have to get off the phone now 
I'm not ready to get off the phone with you 
There are other things I need to take care of 
What is it that you need to do 
Please don't be nosey 
I'm not being nosey , it's just a question 
You don't need to worry about that 
That was mean to say 
I am very sorry , but I must go 
I guess 
We are going to need confirmation on these orders today , and delivery must be made before next Tuesday . Do you think you can handle that 
We are willing to work with you , but do you think it would be possible to extend your confirmation deadline ? We need to check the warehouse to make sure the products are in stock . The earliest I will be to get back to you is tomorrow morning 
No , I must know today because we have to go to press for the advertisements . Is there anyway you can speed up the process of checking inventory 
We can do that , but it will cost ... If we have to check our inventory with all our guys on overtime , you're looking at an increased cost of , I'd say , maybe 10 % 
Are you kidding 
No , and let me tell you why ... If I make my guys stay over to check the inventory , I'll have to pay them at an overtime rate , which is time and a half . I estimate it will probably take 3 guys two hours to finish , that will be an increase on your labor fee by at least 10 % ... if you need the numbers that urgently , I can have them do it . Otherwise , we can wait until tomorrow morning , and I'll call you with the numbers after they're done . It's your call ..
Will you go with us this Sunday 
What for 
Let's go and play volleyball 
Sorry , I don't feel like playing . I have too much homework 
Jim . I heard you got a promotion 
Yeah , I ’ m going to be running the Walker Avenue Branch 
Congratulations , guy 
Thanks . I appreciate it 
The sun is up ! Time for all the campers to rise . Time to get paddling 
Oh , no ! No more paddling ! My arms are sore 
Do not worry . Today will be easier 
Beth , what date is today 
Today is Saturday 
What is the date today 
Today is July 4th 
Oh , i almost forgot . Today is my mom's birthday 
Call her on my cell phone . Wish her “ Happy Birthday ! ” Tell her you are out exploring the great American wilderness . Tell her I said she is lucky to be born on Independence Day 
Thanks ! I will do that ! When is your birthday 
It is December 25th 
Wow ! What a lucky girl ! Your birthday is on Christmas Day 
Yes , I am lucky . I was born on Christ ’ s birthday . Maybe that is why I usually go to church on Sundays . When is your birthday 
April 2nd . I missed being a target of a lot of jokes by one day . I guess I am lucky , too 
That is true ! Here , have some Granola for breakfast 
Thanks 
After eating , we will take down our tent . Then we will pack everything into the canoe , We can shove off by 6
I guess so 
How about going for swim around 10
That should work out great . You are miracle worker ! You have got me awake and motivated 
Happy Independence Day 
Hey ! How was your first day of class ? I ’ m in level two and I ’ m loving my class this semester ! It ’ s great being in a class of international students 
Mine was ok , except that no one in my class speaks English . I guess it will force me to converse in Chinese more in class so at least I should improve a lot this semester 
That ’ s both fortunate and unfortunate . It ’ s the United Nations in my class ! We have people from all over the world ! There are three Germans , a Pole , a Scottish , two French , an American , a Brazilian , a Chilean , a New Zealander , though he prefers to call himself a Kiwi . Who else do we have ? Oh , we also have a Moroccan , a Togolese , a Pakistani , and two Indonesians 
That ’ s quite the array of nationalities . Everyone in my class is from Asia , except me . There are a few South Koreans , several Japanese , Malaysian , Thai , Singaporean , Filipino , Kazakhstan , and one Russian 
Well , I think you ’ re pretty lucky actually . You ’ ll have the opportunity to learn so much about Asian culture 
I guess so , but I think it ’ s going to be hard to relate to my classmates , especially with the language barrier . I think I might change classes 
Don ’ t ! Stay the course ! Your spoken Chinese will be eternally grateful . I bet you it will even surpass mine with all that practice 
I highly doubt it . Your girlfriend is Chinese 
Well , there is that , yes 
I don ’ t understand why you always look so happy , so energetic . It seems like you ’ Ve got good news everyday 
Really ? Do I look happy all the time 
All I know is you look quite differently from other teachers 
Oh , do you know why ? Actually , it ’ s easy . Because I always exercise . My exercise , I think , is very hard . I often feel very good after conquering these difficulties . I feel alive 
Oh , I know . I saw you doing pull-ups one time on the campus 5 and some students trying to imitate you 
Yeah , they are doing it for fun . Seldom would people like my exercise . It ’ s difficult and boring 
It ’ s true . Many students do the exercise when they have to . We have P . E . once a week 
But I think Chinese students need to exercise more . Besides exercise will help them learn new things better . Don ’ t students want to have a good memory 
Of course . I didn ’ t know that . I only know exercise makes bodies stronger . I should take some exercise then . Do you have any suggestions 
Well , do what you like to do . It can be anything . Jogging , doing aerobics , going bicycling , and playing ping-pong . Absolutely anything . Doing three or more workouts a week is good for you . But remember to do some stretches first 
Oh , I know . Thank you 
can I use your laptop for a while 
sure , go ahead 
oh , isn't your computer Wi-Fi capable 
yes , it is . You want go online ? there are no wi-fi hotspots around 
oh my , no internet access is killing me 
can't you wait till you get home ? then you can surf the internet using the broadband , wireless connection or whatever you like 
no , I'm not feeling myself . I just want to check my emails , visit my favorite websites and chat with my friends 
now I see , you must be suffering from discomgoogolation 
what does that mean ? there's nothing wrong with me 
well , the term " discomgoogolation " comes from " discombobulate " and " google " . Because floods of information are just a mouse click away , net users are very likely to become addicted to the web 
that's alright . I just can't bear losing track of all the latest information . It almost drives me crazy 
then , you're probably addicted 
Tell me why you saw the movie twice 
I think it's the most successful film in scene-setting and music 
You bet it 
I know you're sleepy and I hate to bother you , but I think you're late for work 
Oh , no . I forgot to turn the alarm clock on 
Don't worry . I can give you a lift 
Thank you . You save me 
Hi , how are you 
I'm fine , thanks . Just trying to get adjusted . It's hard to keep track of everything around here 
That's for sure . You're new , too , huh 
Yeah . I just got here a couple of days ago . How about you 
I really think if I can get my foot in the door at this company it will do wonders for my career . Do you think you can help me polish my interview style 
Sure . Doing your homework and preparing for an interview really pays off 
I ’ Ve researched the company and think I ’ m perfect for the job but I ’ m not sure how to get it across to them 
Well first you have to have more confidence.Employers look for people who are interested , enthusiastic and sure of themselves 
I know I have what it takes but Im worried that my work experience won ’ t sufficient . Should I inflate my experience 
No , you should always be upfront and honest about your weaknesses . However by focusing on your strong points and maintaining a positive attitude about your abilities , you can take the attention
Here is my ticket and seat assignment 
Thank you . That way , PLS 
May I have a pillow and blanket , PLS 
An attendant will pass them around after we take off 
May I have headphones for the in-flight movie 
No problem . Here are your headphones . Do you want something to drink 
Thanks , a coke , PLS 
Where are you going 
Take me to the center station , please
OK , here we go 
Do you think you can get me there seven thirty 
We shouldn't have any trouble if we don't get stuck in the traffic jam 
Hope we have good luck 
Here we are , you still get plenty of time . That's 8.15 $ , please 
Thank you very much . Here's 10 $ , keep the change , please 
Hello Mrs Parker , how have you been 
Hello Dr Peters . Just fine thank you . Ricky and I are here for his vaccines 
Very well . Let's see , according to his vaccination record , Ricky has received his Polio , Tetanus and Hepatitis B shots . He is 14 months old , so he is due for Hepatitis A , Chickenpox and Measles shots 
What about Rubella and Mumps 
Well , I can only give him these for now , and after a couple of weeks I can administer the rest 
OK , great . Doctor , I think I also may need a Tetanus booster . Last time I got it was maybe fifteen years ago 
We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well . Now , please hold Ricky's arm tight , this may sting a little 
What's the temperature today 
It's about 5 degrees centigrade 
What's the weather forecast for tomorrow 
The weatherman says it's going to snow tomorrow 
Are you used to the climate here 
I think I'll soon get used to it 
What is the average temperature of Beijing 
lt's about 180C , but in winter the temperature may fall to 10-15 degrees below zero . And we have a long winter 
Which season do you like best 
I prefer spring when little by little everything becomes green and the weather is almost always nice 
When we get paid for this assignment , you get US $ 2 , TOO , and I get US $ 3,000 
Hey , that's not fair . I did as much work as you 
Okay , okay , we'll split it 50/50 
( Before Christmas Party ) Are you ready for the Christmas party tonight
Almost . I have to get dressed . It's a formal party and I have special party make up 
Use this lipstick and it will make your lips shine 
Great ! Uh , remember that there's a gift exchange , too . We all have to bring a gift 
I've already got mine 
( At the Party ) It's Christmas Eve ! Time to open presents 
Here ! Open mine first 
Wow ! It's just what I wanted 
Hey ! Why don't I have any presents 
May I please speak to Tom 
Tom has gone to lunch 
I'll just try him again 
Do you want me to have him give you a call 
No , but what time do you expect him back 
He should be back in about forty minutes 
What ’ s wrong with you , Mr . Polly 
What ’ s wrong ? I want a break from this horrible job 
Then , buy a bottle of soft drink 
Would you like to buy a bottle for me in the shop 
It ’ s a problem , because my boss is in that shop now 
Ok , I will go there myself 
Sorry , Mr . Polly 
It doesn ’ t matter . Oh , God , I have only four dollars in my wallet . Is that possible for me to buy one 
Have a try 
Are you alright , child 
Hey , I still know my name 
What did the nurse say 
She said I have a fever but nothing major 
In that case , you should go home and get plenty of rest 
What if this small fever turns into a big fever 
Then I'll phone our family physician and make an appointment for you 
I hear that you have been promoted . Congratulations on your promotion 
Thank you , but I hate having to leave here and working abroad 
When are you going 
Sometime next month 
Can I help you with something 
I need to cancel one of my accounts 
Is there a problem with it 
I don ’ t need it anymore 
What would you like to do with all the money in this account 
Just transfer it over to my remaining account 
I can do that 
That would be great 
Do you want to take any money out 
Not today 
It ’ s going to take a moment for me to cancel your account 
That ’ s fine . Take your time 
I want to take part in the bus tour . When does the bus leave 
Let me see , in 5 minuets 
That's fine . I don't have much time to waste 
Don't worry . The bus tour is really worth while . You can enjoy the whole city in a single day 
How long does the tour last 
It lasts 4 hours , from 10:00 to 14:00
All of my friends are going out to the lake tonight and I'm going too 
Over my dead body you are 
Hi , do you have any tickets for the show tonight 
Sorry , it ’ s all sold out 
Well , do you have any for tomorrow 
We have tickets for the matinee . It starts at 3p . m 
Ok . I ’ ll take it 
Where would you like to sit 
Do you have anything in the middle section ? I want a good view , but sitting too close hurts my eyes 
Certainly 
Hello , this is Julie from Google Corp . Is that Jin Lili 
Yes , this is Jin Lili . What can I do for you
I am calling to impart the news that you are supposed to have an interview 
There is too much static on the line 
I said that you are supposed to have an interview 
Pardon ? I can hardly hear you . I will call you later 
Julia , will you be my wife 
I'm sorry , Steven 
Please , Julia , I have made proposal to you five times . I really want to share the rest of my life with you 
I know . But I ’ m not ready for married life yet 
Julia , I really love you . I hope I can stay with you no matter you are happy or sad in future 
Your way does touch my heart 
So , will you marry me 
I want to think of it for some time 
What is wrong with Peter ? He sure looks unhappy 
His girlfriend dumped him , and he is tearing his heart out over her 
How foolish he is . The girl is inviting . She often makes a pass at boys 
Love is blind , you know 
Your brand new car is so excellent . I like it very much 
Let ’ s go for a joy ride 
Come to think of it , you should get out your English books and catch up on your reading assignments 
But I don't have any reading assignments 
Then review for your test . You'll do even better . And maybe reading will help you get to sleep 
Aw , Mom-you're such a drag 
You say that now , Lily , but you'll thank me later . I'm your mom , and mother knows best 
What are you here for today 
I need to fight this ticket that I got 
Is the arresting officer here 
Yes , he is , Your Honor 
Plead your case 
I was told by the officer that I ran a red light . That information isn't true 
Why would the officer lie 
I'm not sure , but the signal had a camera on it 
Did the camera take a picture of your license plate 
No , my picture wasn't taken 
There was no picture taken , so I'll let you go 
Thank you very much , Your Honor 
Were you around when the robbery happened 
Yes , I was 
Could you explain what you saw 
I was in the bank at the time of the robbery 
What did you see 
I saw a man come in with a gun 
Did you see his face 
No . He had a mask on 
Did he come in with anyone else 
He was by himself 
Would you come down to the station for further questioning 
That shouldn't be a problem 
Do you want to talk with John with tongue 
No , tell him I'm tied up 
When should I tell him to call back 
Tell him to call me tomorrow morning 
All right 
Thank you 
Ant Shirley , it's being years since we last met . How were you doing in the passing years 
Pretty well . What about you 
Fine . Where are the other guys 
It's a bit disappointing that they are all out for a movie 
Bad timing . I want to see them so much . How are they 
Not bad . I heard you are going to graduate this coming summer , right 
Yes , that's why I'm here . I'm thinking about buying a second-hand apartment 
Did you go to a real estate agent 
No , that will be too expensive 
That's true . By the way , what kind of apartment are you looking for 
My first job's salary will be a bit low . So the cheaper the better . Just one I can afford 
Sure . I'll try my best to find a satisfying one for you 
I'll appreciate it so much 
How can I help you today , Alice 
Well , I came to talk to you because I want to apply for a scholarship 
Oh , good . You're an excellent student . I'd be very willing to help you with that 
Thanks . I really appreciate it.In fact , I do need a letter of recommendation for this scholarship 
What kind of scholarship is it 
It's an undergraduate scholarship offered by the American Minority Students Scholarship Association . I'm eligible for it because I'm Asian American 
Fine . I know about that scholarship.You have to be a student in your junior year , and you have to have a grade point average of 3.7 or higher 
I'm a junior now , and my GPA is 3.92 
Excellent . So you'll have a good chance of getting it 
Well , I hope so . The competition is probably pretty heavy.And they want a writing sample too 
Do you have an essay you want to send them 
No , they want a special essay . I must write an essay on a particular question they pose 
What is the question 
They give applicants a topic.The topic is , The Place of Ethnic Minorities in a Democratic Society.My essay must be three pages typed and double-spaced 
That's a pretty short essay 
Yes , but I need to write it by next week 
Good luck . I'm sure you will do a good job 
I came here today to talk to you because ... Well , I need to ask two favors 
Sure . What are they 
First , I need a letter of recommendation 
I'd be happy to write one for you 
And second ... Well , I'm not sure if it's normal 
What is it ? Do you want me to read your essay 
Yes , if you could . I mean , if you could read it to make sure there are no mistakes.Or maybe you'd have some suggestions 
Of course I could read it . That's no problem . But you need to get it to me soon 
I will . I want to write the first draft tonight.So I could bring it tomorrow morning 
Alright . If you can bring it to me tomorrow morning , I can talk with you after class on Friday.So I'll have some feedback for you before the weekend 
That would really help me a lot . I'm very grateful 
Don't mention it . I'm always willing to help good students 
It will do you good to go out for entertainment at weekends.What kind of movie do you like best 
It's hard to say , I like interesting and significant ones . I don't care whether they're blockbusters or not 
Shall we go downtown for a movie this Friday evening 
Very good , What's on 
I'm not sure . Let me give a call to find out 
Congratulations , Francis . Your hard working finally pays off . I am so happy for your promotion 
Thanks , Monica . Without support from you and other colleagues , I would not have made it 
I hope I could get promoted some day . Tell me about your experience , ok 
Well , just saying that you wanted to get promoted is not enough , you need to write down your desirable position and an available plan for achieving that adjective . Don ’ t be afraid of taking challenging . They might be opportunities and failing is not fatal . You learn more from that actually . Sometimes , you need to fail to be successful 
How do you think if I volunteer for some work 
I think it is a smart idea . Our boss always likes it when employees take initiatives 
Waiter 
Would you like anything else 
No , thanks . Please bring us the bill 
All right . And do you want to separate bills or just one single bill 
Separate bills , please 
Here is your bill . It comes to 80 yuan . And yours is 60 yuan 
Here you are . Thank you
What would be a good day to finally move into the house 
You can pick up your keys on Tuesday night . When you actually move in is up to you 
Will the electricity and water be on , or do we need to do something to get it turned on 
Make sure that you transfer the utilities to your name and tell them when you will be moving in 
The carpet needs to be cleaned , and I want to paint the walls a different color 
An empty house is easier to paint and clean . Take a few days to take care of those things before you start moving your furniture in 
I want my appliances to be delivered as we are moving into the house 
I think that will work out just fine . It will help when you move your groceries in and need to keep them cold 
Would you be willing to help me do a few things on the day I move in 
My grandmother needs me to help her trim her roses that day 
Waiter , get me rag , please . I have just spilled my wine 
Let me help you 
Thank you . Please bring me some paper napkins 
Here you are 
I think I should be more careful next time 
I want a pair of enameled leather shoes in size 30 
How about this one 
The heel is a little tight 
It doesn't matter , sir . Shoes will stretch a bit with use 
Really ? I will take it 
Welcome back 
It's good to be home 
I think it is time to study . Our chemistry exam is coming 
Oh , I know . When is it 
December 1st 
What's on the test 
It seems to be from chapter six to chapter ten 
Well . I think I'm going to fail my chemistry exam 
Why are you so pessimistic 
I'm not being pessimistic . I'm being realistic . My chemistry is so bad 
I believe you can pass the exam with good preparation . Don't lose your heart 
Thank you . That's very nice of you 
Henry , I want to ask you something 
Say what you want to say 
You see . The wage is not paid yet , I am wondering if you could possibly lend me some money 
I am sorry . But I do not have any money to lend to you 
Did you get my email 
I certainly did . Do you want to come in and give me some feedback about your weekend 
Sure 
How did the business trip go 
Well , to be honest , nothing is more stressful than going on a business trip with our boss 
I understand . The last time I went on a business trip with the boss , I didn't even have enough to eat 
I also think the company is pretty cheap with travel expenses . I spent half of the weekend on a train ! Surely they could have afforded to buy a few plane tickets 
Our company is quite conscious of the environmental problems that frequent flying causes 
I see . Well , then perhaps they could give me a few days off after a business trip . It was really tiring for me 
I can ask the boss about giving you the day off today 
Thank you . I can't imagine getting much done today . I'm just too exhausted 
No problem . Did you bring any gifts back for your department 
No , should I have 
Mr . White , I would like to give you notice that I will be leaving the company . It will be effective at the beginning of the next month 
Jessica , I am very sorry to hear that . Why are you leaving 
I've been offered another job with higher salary . And it also gives me the opportunity of promotion 
Oh . If you had talked to me first , we would have given you a raise 
You are really a good employer , Mr . White and I am very lucky to have such a good boss like you . But this new job is more in my field of interest training . It's something I have always wanted 
Ok , good luck , Jessica . By the way , if you ever need a letter of recommendation , I would be happy to write one for you 
May I help you , ma'ma 
Please , where do I catch the plane for New York 
First you must check in at Counter No . 4 
That one there 
That's right . Then you will follow the signs to Gate 85 
Thank you . You ' Ve been very helpful 
Are there any vacancies still available 
Yes . We need a plumber here 
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that , such as sales manager or regional manager 
I am sorry . They are not available now 
I just had a terrible week 
What a shame 
I fell down and hurt my arm 
That's too bad 
Then my son drove into a tree 
I'm sorry to hear that 
The dog bit the delivery boy 
What a pity 
And a storm blew our roof away 
Ho , no 
Steven , you are always looking in good shape . How do you keep it 
I pay much attention to my daily diet . You know good eating habits help to fortify the body against disease 
Yeah , you are right . Tell me your normal diet 
I eat more fruits and vegetables and limit amounts of fatty and fried foods 
And 
I drink milk every day . It's really good for building strong bones and teeth . I drink tea quite often , for it's protective against kidney cancer 
Oh , no wonder you are healthy 
You are what you eat , and a healthy diet creates a body resistant to disease 
Thanks for sharing your experience with me 
You're welcome 
Suit wrote me a letter 
What did she say 
She got a master degree , and now she is going for her doctor 
Really ? I can't believe it 
It's not a surprise , is it ? She has always been a hard working student 
But I think a master degree is good enough for a girl 
Now that it ’ s the new year , I ’ Ve decided to turn over a new leaf 
Yeah ? You finally decided to wipe the slate clean 
You got it ! I have a new job , I ’ m living in a new city , with new friends ! This is my opportunity to make some small changes in the way I live my life 
So what are you going to do ? Take up an art class or something 
Well , first of all , I ’ Ve decided to stop smoking . It ’ s not that I ’ m pinching pennies or anything , it ’ s just that I ’ Ve been smoking since I was sixteen , and I think it ’ s time to stop 
I ’ m with you on that one . Anything else you ’ re planning on doing 
One last thing , I ’ Ve decided to come out of the closet 
It ’ s about time 
Joe , how are you doing 
I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you 
I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe 
I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight 
I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper 
OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night 
What were you planning on seeing 
I was thinking about seeing that one about the rapist serial killer 
How about “ The Secret Life of Bees ” 
That's a chick flick 
Hello , this is 5735647 5 
Hello , this is John . I wanna speak to Linda , please 
This is Linda 
Hi , Linda . I want to invite you to a dinner tomorrow evening 
Really ? What time and which restaurant 
At seven thirty pm , Longing Chinese restaurant.And I'll go to your home and pick you up at 7 
Ok , I'll wait for you at 7pm at home . Anything else 
No , have a nice day 
Thank you . Bye 
See you 
What wrong with you ? You look pale 
I ’ m not sure . I feel hot and cold 
When did the trouble start 
I was sick most of the night 
It sounds like you ’ re coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature 
Have I got high fever 
Yes . Thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chestache or throat pain 
Yes , I have 
Now , Let me have a look at you . I ’ d like to listen to your chest . Breathe then , deep breath , that ’ s it . Cough , now again . I want to exam your throat too . Open wide , say A 
ah 
Yes , It does look a bit sore.Let ’ s take your extra way of your chest and give you a few tests 
All right , thanks 
The tests showed nothing wrong . a slight by infection 
What shall I do today 
I ’ m giving you some antibiotic and aspirin . Taking aspirin when you ’ Ve got a fever and take one antibiotic until four hours and go home lie in bed for two days . Take some water then you feel better 
Julia , the apartment I looked at today is pretty decent-around 120 square meters 
Great . Where is it 
A new two-bedroom apartment , around 100 to 120 square meters , in the Sanlitun area 
What about the surrounding area 
Very quiet and safe . And it's got a lot of trees and plants 
That's good . Is the location easily accessible 
Yeah , it's near a bus stop 
Hmm ... well , maybe we can buy this one then 
You look upset , anything wrong 
I'm going to quit the job 
Why 
The task is tough 
You'd look before you leap 
Thanks for your concern 
When he told me I had to work overtime , that was it 
The last straw , huh 
Yes , he's really pushed me too far 
I know what you mean 
Have you watched any of the talent shows on TV 
Yes , I've watched the finale for the ' Super Girl ' . The producer is very smart to copy the program from the US , which is quite fresh and eye-catching for mainland audiences 
Yeah , and they know exactly what the audiences have in mind . Everyone desires equal opportunities and a channel to climb up the social ladder all the way to the highest in society 
That ' s why the program has attracted so many star-wanna-bes 
But it seems that these talent shows are getting less popular these days . There's no such program on this year 
Yeah , these programs are gradually losing their appeal 
No surprise . The over-the-top promotion has ruined the audiences ' appetite 
And they lack originality . Talent shows like ' Super Girl ' and ' Super Boy ' are largely clones of ' The American Idol ' 
The same is true for ' My Hero ' . Winners of the contest used to star in the TV series ' The Frog Prince ' 
I think producers are underestimating the audience . They should think of better ways to entertain the general public 
What's this , I wonder 
I'm not sure.Let me have a look ... It could be a coffee grinder 
A coffee grinder 
Yes , it must be used for grinding coffee beans 
Oh , that would be very useful 
Good morning 
Good morning 
May I take your order 
Yes . I'd like your breakfast special , please 
How would you like your egg 
Soft-boiled , please 
All right , sir 
What's bothering that guy 
Nothing . He's just got a chip on the shoulder 
It ’ s very nice to meet you 
Nice meeting you , too 
I can ’ t believe I ’ m actually speaking to a candidate 
You can ask me questions , if you ’ d like 
I want to ask you what your policy is on gay marriage 
Everyone should be able to love who they want 
Would you make gay marriage legal 
I sure would 
I know a lot of people wouldn ’ t agree with that 
That ’ s not my problem 
I think that is really cool of you 
I ’ m glad to hear that 
Hello . My name is John Sandals , and I've got a reservation 
May I see some identification , sir , please 
Sure . Here you are 
Thank you so much . Have you got a credit card , Mr . Sandals 
I sure do . How about American Express 
Unfortunately , at the present time we take only MasterCard or VISA 
No American Express ? Okay , here's my VISA 
Thank you , sir . You'll be in room 507 , nonsmoking , with a queen-size bed . Do you approve , sir 
Yeah , that'll be fine 
That's great . This is your key , sir . If you need anything at all , anytime , just dial zero 
Are you going to buy a bicycle 
I ’ m thinking about it . How much is it 
¥ 350 
Oh , dear . It ’ s too expensive . Can you give me a better price 
Your discount is already included . Normally we charge ¥ 400 , but now we can give you a special price . This is our sale period 
It ’ s still too much . Can ’ t you make it any cheaper than that 
Sorry , but this is the best price . You can ’ t get it any cheaper than here 
I see . Can I pay by traveler ’ s checks 
I'm afraid you can ’ t . You ’ re welcome to pay in cash 
Something wrong 
Yes . My car is having problems 
What's wrong 
It won't start 
Do you want me to take a look 
No , thank you . I think I can handle it 
Well , if you change your mind , let me know 
I will . Thanks . That's sweet of you 
No problem 
I might need some tools though . Do you know where I can get some 
Sure . I have all kinds of tools . Just ask . I ’ ll be happy to get them for you 
Thanks . That would be very helpful 
Anything for you . Seriously , I don ’ t mind helping 
OK . If you really insist , I could always use the company 
Oh , my goodness . The traffic is crawling 
I think there is an accident ahead 
We are now running late 
I know . Why don't we take a different route 
Let me check and look at the map . Yes , there is an exit three quarters of a mile ahead . We ’ ll exit Market Street , head west , then get on the Pennsylvania Freeway 
Ok , let's do that , even though we may have to take a longer way 
Julia , are you free tonight 
What's up 
I want to invite you to go to the movies 
Are you asking me for a date 
Yes 
I don ’ t like to go to the movies on a date . It's noisy there 
Where do you want to meet 
Let's go to the coffee shop then . It's quiet there 
What time should we meet 
How about seven 
All right 
Do you think it's time to sign the contract , Mr . Simpson 
I'd like to look it over before I sign it 
OK , no problem . I hope there are no questions about the terms 
I am fully satisfied with the terms of this contract 
Shall we sign this contract now 
OK . Where do you want me to sign 
Just sign at the bottom 
OK . ( Sign ) Once a contract is signed , it has legal effect 
You're right . Thank you for your cooperation 
It's my pleasure 
How would you describe your relationship with our boss 
We have a fairly good working relationship , but there was also a rough spot 
What do you think his strengths are 
Well , he has an amazing ability to analyze information and he is very good at making the right decision in tough situations 
Why are you holding me in this jail cell 
We'd like to hear your account of the events of last night 
Merry Christmas , Bill 
Merry Christmas , Jina 
What are you doing there on the computer 
Come have a look , I received many beautiful e-cards . They are from my friends , all over the world . Christmas wishes for all my friends 
That's pretty interesting . Did you get one from Haven ? The reason I ask is that I am looking for her number 
Sorry , I don't have it . But I do have her Email . You want me to sent it to you 
Yeah , that would be great . Thanks 
No worries . I just for her card . And you can get her from Email . I would really like to talk to her again . I kind of miss her a little this days 
Thanks million 
My pleasure 
Can you give me a hand with the dishes 
Sure . Should I wash or dry 
I wash and you'll dry 
OK . Let's do it 
I'm the coolest high-tech stud around ..
Why ? Do you have a robot girlfriend 
Not yet ... I got an MP3 player and a set of stereo headphones 
So you can download MP3 music from the Net and record it onto the MP3 chip 
Yep ! And take it with me anywhere ! And the music is free 
Let me see it ! It's so small 
Welcome to the company . We are conducting a survey of new employees to find out what influenced them to choose our company 
That's easy . It was your office ergonomics that decided me 
You're kidding ! Something as simple as that 
Yes . It is very important to me . My mother worked in offices for twenty years , and she finally had carpal tunnel syndrome . I have been reading about repetitive stress injuries , and I know that t
Yes , there has been a lot of research into RSI's . Something so simple as proper chair height can prevent injuries . Tell me , did anything else influence your decision 
Yes , I noticed that you have professional training and team-building days . I like the idea of working for a company that invests in its staff 
Well , welcome to the team 
Excuse me . I bought this just now and here's a receipt . I'm afraid I was short-changed . Could you look into it 
Oh , really ? Just a moment ... You paid with a ten-dollar note and I gave you ... Oh , sorry , here's a five left . I'm terribly sorry 
Who do you think is going to get the Oscar for best actor 
I have no idea . To be honest , I couldn't care less 
Hey there ! I ’ Ve been hoping to run into you . Are you busy tomorrow morning 
Let me see ... Wednesday morning . Yes , I am booked solid all morning . What ’ s up 
I was hoping to talk to you about the sales projections for next year . I ’ m having a little trouble figuring out how to use the spreadsheet you set up for me . It has a lot of complicated form
I can explain them to you . It ’ ll just take about a half an hour . How about Friday afternoon 
Ooh . Sorry , that ’ s not good for me . I am tied up all day Friday . We ’ ll have to do it next week . I am wide open then 
OK . Shall we say next week , on Tuesday at 2:30 
Sure , that ’ ll be fine for me . I ’ ll come to your office so you can show how you set up these macros 
We are interested in some precision machine tools . We have some inquires on hand 
That's fine . We can supply all kinds of precision machine tools . Our products are much admired in the world market and enjoy a wide acceptance in modern industry 
Can I have a look at your catalogue and the corresponding technical data 
Why , of course . Here are some that will show you our latest development . You may select which ever you need 
I think our users have the impression that your prices are always much too high , compared with those of other supplies 
Excuse me . It's true that our products do cost slightly more than the other makers , but It's only due to our technological superiority 
Your products may have certain advantages , but your prices are too stiff 
If you give us your inquiry , I shall go very carefully into the price and try my best to put you on the best of the terms 
OK , I'll come back to discuss it to some details after our users have studied your catalogues and price list 
Yes , surely . We hope to do some substantial business with you 
Oh , so Dalian is hotter than New York now 
Not hot but warm . Very comfortable 
Are you staying at the Hilton 
Yes , I have already booked a room 
Good evening , can I get you a drink 
Sure , I would like a Coke 
Would you like to order anything off the appetizer menu 
Let's see , can I get some fried zucchini , please 
Would you like to order anything else 
No , that's it , thank you 
No problem , call me when you're ready to place the rest of your order 
I would like to order my food now 
What did you want to order 
Can I get a cheeseburger and some fries 
Can I get you anything else 
That's all , thank you 
Show me a smaller pair of trousers , sir . I am not that fat , you see 
You've come to the right place . We've got various styles and sizes recently . How much do you measure around your waist 
I have no idea . Measure me , please 
OK ! 2 Chi round . Try this one . Maybe it's of your size 
( After trying ) I'm afraid it's still too fight around the stomach 
Let me check the stock . How about this one 
( After trying ) Mm , a perfect fit . How much 
150 Yuan 
A little expensive . But I'll buy it anyway . It's hard for me to get a perfect one . Here is 200 Yuan 
Here's your change , 50 Yuan . Welcome back again 
Hello , is everything alright ? Can I help 
I have a Promissory Note , but it's not called that . It's a Bill of Exchange 
Similar to a Promissory Note , yes . I can deal with that for you right here . The difference between a Promissory Note and a Bill of Exchange is that this product is transferable and can bind one party to pay a third party that was not involved in its creation 
So , even if someone wasn't directly involved , they can become involved ? Like the bank you cash it in 
That's right . We didn't issue it to you , but technically we are buying it from you . So , we become involved 
I see . Sorry about this , I'm new in this job and I've never even seen one of these before ! My boss just told me to come here and sort it out 
As long as you have all of the documentation we require you have nothing to worry about 
What would you like for your main dish 
Steak , please 
How would you like it 
Medium rare , please 
Anything else , sir 
May I have a glass of red wine , please 
Of course 
First you add the washing powder then you add the clothes 
I take it you've done this before 
Yes , for the last 20 years 
Good 
I was wondering if you could help me to get a library card 
Of course , just fill out this form and let me know when you are finished 
I'm finished 
I will also need your driver's license ; hand me the filled-out form , please 
OK , the form is all filled out 
Perfect ! Do you know the hours and rules for the library 
No , I have no idea what they are 
Everything you need to know is printed on the card and handout 
Yes , right 
Great ! You are all set to enjoy the library 
Can I help you 
Yes , can I return this article , please 
May I know the reason , madam 
You see , I bought it for my husband , but he doesn't like it 
When did you buy it 
Last Saturday 
Can I see the receipt 
Yes , here you are 
Well , if there is no damage , you can return it 
If you'd like further information on this , there ’ s a guidebook in several languages on sale at the information desk 
Do you have a Chinese edition of this 
I'm afraid we don't . Won't an English edition do 
I'll try to read one 
How would you describe your ideal job 
I think the job should make use of the professional experience I have obtained , and offer me opportunity for advancement 
Why do you think you might like to work for our company 
I feel my background and experience are a good fit for this position and I am very interested.What ' s more , your company is outstanding in this field 
What makes you think you would be a success in this position 
My graduate school training combined with my experience as an intern should qualify me for this particular job . I am sure I will be successful 
How do you know about this company 
Your company is very reputed in this city . I heard much praise to your company 
Donna , you really shocked everyone at the party last night 
You mean with my performance 
Yes ! We have all assumed that you were the quiet , shy type 
I guess everyone has a few secrets up their sleeve 
Where did you learn to sing like that 
I was part of a band in school 
You ? Wow . And why don't you ever dress like that at work 
Come on ! This is work . Don't you think that would be a little weird 
Did you find everything ok today 
Yes , I did . By the way , in case there is a flaw in this CD player , can I return it 
Yes . But you must return it within 30 days 
Is there a charge for that . I know other stores have a restocking fee 
There will be no charge at all . However you must show us the receipt . Could you sign it here , please 
Thank you 
All right . Keep you receipt . If something comes up , you can show it to us and we will give you a refund 
Thanks . I'll put it in a safe place 
That woman is a thorough drag 
What is it 
She keeps spitting on the ground 
Maybe there's something wrong with her 
So , are we all ready to go 
Yup , I think so . The car ’ s packed.we have munchies and music , and the map ’ s in the car 
Did you get the camera 
Got it ! Did you fill up the tank 
Yup , it ’ s all set 
You ’ re sure we ’ re not forgetting anything 
I ’ m sure ... we ’ Ve got all our bases covered 
Well.let ’ s get going then ! I love road trips 
Um ... do you think we can make a pit stop 
But we ’ Ve only been on the road for ten minutes 
I know , but I forgot to go to the bathroom before we left 
What did you say when she told you the news 
I calmed up . And finally , I asked her to chew the cud for such an important decision . I could not have the heart to disappoint her with a blunt refusal 
But I put my foot down and insisted on her forgetting that 
How could have the heart to do that ? She needs warmth and help 
Hi there , Philip . How ’ s everything going 
It ’ s going pretty well , but I ’ m really tired 
I don ’ t blame you . You ’ Ve had a busy first week . Take a rest 
It ’ s all right . I don ’ t mind being busy 
Excuse me . Can you tell me how to find some books on social science 
Sure . You see all these little drawers here and all the way around the walls 
Yes 
These drawers contain cards describing every book in our library . Together they constitute the library's " card catalog " . You can see that each drawer runs from one part of the alphabet to another . Fox example , this drawer goes from SCA to SCM 
So if I'm looking for a look called A History of Western Society , I'd just look under ' A ' 
No . You'd look under ' W ' . The articles ' a ' and ' the ' don't count in our alphabetization , and cards are generally omitted for extremely common words and phrases such as ' history of ' , ' introduction to ' , ' story of ' and so forth 
What if I don't know the title of the book 
Well , you can look under the author's name 
Could you give me an example 
Suppose you want to find a book by your professor , William Smith . You'd look under SMITH and then WILLIAM . Since that's very common name , you may have to go through several ' William Smith ' until you come to the one who wrote book on the subject you are interested in 
How do I get to the EDD 
Actually , you do not need to go into the office to file a claim . You can do it over the phone or the Internet 
Can I go in to look for a job at their office 
That ’ s a good decision . They have many good job search tools there 
Is there an office near me 
The Internet has a list of Employment Development Offices listed online 
Do you know where the local office for this area is 
Our office is over on Green Street , just west of the college 
If I go there , will I be able to collect money right away 
Everyone has a one-week waiting period before they can collect 
When can you get the finished product to me 
We should have it put together by the end of next week 
Great ! That ’ ll be ahead of schedule ! Good work 
Well , as the saying goes – we aim to please 
how did your interview go 
pretty well . I don't know if I'll get the promotion or not , but I feel good about it 
if you get the promotion , what will your new title be 
if I get the promotion , I will be a senior engineer instead of an assistant engineer 
will you get a pay-raise , too 
whenever you are given added responsibilities , you should get a promotion 
that makes sense . Who interviewed you 
my boss 
what kinds of questions did she ask you 
she asked me about my ability to work in a team and what I thought a good boss should be 
the second one sounds rather difficult to answer . What did you tell her 
I told her that I'm an excellent team player and that a good boss should treat male and female employees equally 
those are good answers . How did she react 
she told me that even when I become a senior engineer , I'll have to work with the assistant engineers as a team 
what do you think about her as a boss 
she's pretty easy to get along with . She listens to her employees and treats everyone equally 
you're lucky . Not everyone has such a great boss 
that's true . She's highly esteemed among everyone at my company 
when you find out you get the promotion or not , let me know 
I will do 
Mary ? Are you still there 
Yes . What do you want 
Did your bid win 
What do you care , dork 
Hey ! I'm trying to be nice , and you still want to fight ! Did you get the statue or not 
You mean fat boy 
Sorry . I take that back . I mean the copper Buddha you wanted 
Oh great ! This stupid computer froze again ! That's the third time today ! Hey Samuel , can you come take a look at my PC ? It's acting again . It must have a virus or something 
Just give me a second . I'll be right up . I ran a virus scan on your computer , and it turns out that you have a lot of infected files 
But I'm quite careful when I'm browsing theinternet , I have no idea how I could have picked up a virus 
Well , you have to make sure that your anti-virus software is updated regularly , yours wasn't up to date , that ’ s probably what was causing your problems 
Ok . Anything else 
Yeah , try not to kick or hit the computer 
Um yeah . Sorry about that 
Hey ! What's up 
Hi , John ! I haven't seen you for ages 
Yeah , I've been out of town 
So how have you been 
Great ! Work is really busy now , but it's fun 
Did you take the written test 
I haven't taken it yet 
Make sure to study first 
I study every night 
I'm sure you're ready 
Does it cost money 
No , it doesn't cost anything 
Does the test cover everything in the manual 
It skips around 
Did you pass the test your first try 
I thought it would be easy , but I didn't pass it 
Wish me luck 
Good morning , Mr . Chu . Would you like me to brief your schedule for today 
Yes 
You are scheduled to meet Mr . Thompson of ABC Company at eleven this morning . Then , you have a lunch appointment with Mr . Li . And this afternoon at four you will attend a press conference 
I am afraid I can't attend the press conference due to an urgent conference with the Board of Directors at half past four 
All right . Do you want me to cancel the reservation for you 
Yes , thank you very much . In addition , do you have the marketing proposal ready 
The proposal is being repaired right now and I think it will be ready by tomorrow morning 
Dahua's Market . How can I help you 
Where is your store located 
We are on Nanjing Road , next to the theatre 
Right , I'll be right over 
What can I do for you , sir 
I want to have a bath 
Do you want to have a tub bath , surfing bath or shower 
Shower , please 
All right . The fitting room is over there 
How much should I pay 
$ 100 . But we will charge you $ 200 as a deposit 
Good afternoon . May I help you 
Yes , I'd like to make a deposit 
Which type of deposit do you prefer , time deposit or current deposit 
I prefer time deposit 
Okey . The interest rate for time deposit is higher . Could you tell me it's RIB deposit or currency deposit 
RIB deposit 
Is it your first time to make a deposit here 
Yes 
The term of time deposit ranges from three months to five years , including three months , six months , one year , two years , three years and five years . How long would you like to keep your deposit 
Six months 
Fill in this slip in ink , please 
Here you are 
All right . Just a moment , please 
Thank you 
Hello , I'm returning your phone call 
I'm glad that you could get back to me so fast 
No problem , but what were you calling about 
I needed to talk to you about your son 
Is he messing up in school 
He was acting up in class one day last week 
What was he doing 
He wouldn't stop talking throughout the class 
I don't know what's gotten into him 
If you could , would you please talk to him 
I will get right on that , and I am very sorry 
I really appreciate your help 
John's very late.Do you think he's coming 
Well , it doesn't seem like it.He must have forgotten 
I suppose you're right.He can't have remembered 
Are you the loan officer of this bank 
I certainly am . What can I do for you 
I was wondering if I could ask you some questions about a loan I want to make 
Sure . By all means please do . Please take a seat 
Thank you . See , I ’ m planning to buy a car here and I ’ m planning to use my time deposit here as the collateral 
William told you that his grandmother is sick , huh ? What exactly did he say 
He said his grandmother got cancer and has only a few weeks to live . It's really so sad ! But when I talked to him on the phone , it sounded like he was holding up really well 
It didn't sound like he was too upset , huh ? What did you tell him 
I asked if there was anything I could do to help his family , and I told him that I could be a shoulder for him to cry on 
Well I hate to tell you this Jen , but both of William's grandmothers passed away more than five years ago 
Will you book a ticket to New York for me 
Yes , sir.When do you want to leave here 
This Saturday 
Will , that'll be the sixth of September 
That's right.Will you check what fights are available on the sixth of September 
I'll check it over.Oh , there're three flights available that day.one at 2 p . m . , one at 5 p . m . and the other at 9p . m 
I'll have the 5 o'clock one.What time do I check in 
4 o'clock 
Thank you 
Can we have two tickets for the 7:30 showing of ' Beautiful Mind ' 
Sorry , we have sold out the tickets 
What's on tomorrow at that time 
' Beautiful Mind ' will be playing again . And there's also ' Titanic ' 
Terrific , that's a wonderful movie , I like it very much . Can I get tickets now for tomorrow 
Yes , 20 yuan for each 
Two tickets , please 
OK . Here you are 
Welcome to the company . We are conducting a survey of new employees to find out what influenced them to choose our company 
Honestly , the flexible hours were the main attraction for me . The traditional working day doesn't fit in with me lifestyle ; I love being able to tailor my working hours 
Yes , flextime has definitely been a good change for us . How do you feel about the pay 
At first it is going to be difficult . During the first three months , I'm on probation . So I won't get sales commissions until after that 
But there is a big bonus for employees at the end of the probation period 
Yes , I'm looking forward to that ! I just hope my first performance review is favorable 
One thing you can be sure of your manager will be quite fair . If your job performance is up to par , you shouldn't be afraid of a performance review 
Great ! Then I suppose I'm looking forward to my first promotion , too 
Thanks for inviting me over for dinner this evening 
You're welcome 
It looks delicious 
Well here . Help yourself to some shrimp . It's fresh 
Susan ! Why didn ’ t you tell me that you were taking over the Silk Company account 
I thought you knew , Todd . It was decided last week . I guess you weren ’ t at the meeting 
You know I wasn ’ t at the meeting . I was meeting with Mr . Wei about this account . I ’ Ve been on this for a month and a half 
I ’ m sorry . Todd , but Mr . Emory felt that it was going too slowly , and that it needed a fresh start . He should have told you 
May I have an appointment with you tonight 
Very sorry , I am occupied tonight . What about tomorrow night 
OK . where and when 
7:00 in my staying hotel 
OK , I am going to the hotel to pick you up . See you tomorrow night 
My wife is sick , so I have to cancel a reservation I made 
If you'll just give me your name , phone , and date of visit , I can cancel your reservation 
I'm Rudy Randolph at 818-555-1234 , April ninth to the fifteenth 
Mr . Randolph . Okay , one second , sir , and there you go . Your reservation is now cancelled 
I wish everything in life was so simple . Thank you 
Not a problem , sir . Please remember us in the future 
I want to fly to Congo on Monday , the 17th 
Let me see what's available 
By the way , I'd prefer a night flight 
Africa Airline 551 leaves at 9:00 pm 
That's fine . I want to pay in cash . Here is the money 
Excuse me , are you Mrs . Green from England 
Yes , I am 
I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you 
How do you do 
How do you do 
It's kind of you to meet me at the airport 
Welcome to Beijing . Is this your first time in China 
No , I have visited China several times , but it's my first visit to Beijing and I think it's a great honor to be invited to your beautiful city 
It's our pleasure to have you here . I hope you will have a pleasant stay here 
Thank you . I'm sure I will have a wonderful time here 
Hi , I'd like to get your store credit card 
Here's the application form 
I'm finished . Here's the form 
Thank you . Now if you'll just give me a credit card 
Here's my VISA 
Thank you 
How could you have done that without asking me first 
I didn't realize you felt so strongly about it 
Well , you should have thought 
I'm sorry . I'll ask next time 
Do you have all types of seafood here 
Yes , Sir , the specialty of our restaurant is the seafood 
What do you recommend 
Perhaps you would like some sole . Many guests like it very much 
OK , we will try it 
Any drinks 
Two bottles of white wine , please 
That's all the general information of our company . I think you already have good knowledge about our company 
Yes , I have an overall understanding 
When we have the final results , we will call you 
Then when will I get a reply at the latest 
If you pass the interview , the personnel department will inform you within two weeks 
But if I don't pass , will you call me 
I'm sorry we won't . You can wait for two weeks . If you don't get a telephone call , it means that you weren't successful 
Then do I have the chance to get this job 
I'm sorry but I can't make the final decision myself , and I have to discuss it with other interviewers 
I know . No matter what the result will be , I have learned a lot from our conversation 
Your mentality is very good and that's great 
Thanks for giving me the opportunity of this interview 
My pleasure 
Welcome , Ron , come on in 
Hi , Malia ! What a nice home 
We enjoy it too 
How long have you lived here 
About four years now 
Well , it is very beautiful 
Ron , have a seat and I'll get us something to drink 
Good ! I am really thirsty . You know it really is hot outside 
I have lemonade , iced tea , and mango juice 
Mango juice would be perfect . Thank you 
Adam , could you show me around the school 
No problem 
What's the tallest building 
You mean the white building near the playground 
Yes 
That is the library . And it has more than 1,000 , 000 books 
What's the building to the south of the library 
You know , our school is divided into two parts , the junior high school and the senior high school . That is the new classroom building for our senior high school 
Is there a swimming pool in your school 
Yes . There is a large swimming pool , but it is only available in summer 
I do envy you . And I hope I can enter your school one day 
I believe that you can make your dream come true 
I would like to take this opportunity to welcome Monica to our company and introduce her to her department and colleagues . For all of you , we hired Monica because she is a very professional accountant and we are very happy to have her in the finance department . She has lots of working experiences as an accountant and I am sure everybody in the department can benefit from this 
Hello , everybody . I am Monica and this is my first day at work . I am working in the finance department . I am very happy to meet everyone and I am looking forward to working well with all of you . I am very happy to be one of the team and I will do my best to get into the working situation as soon as possible . By the way , call me Monica . Everybody calls me so 
Hello , Bob , this is Frank 
I know , we've met 
I didn't know you knew Frank 
Yes , we met last year at a conference 
Please send this memo out to all the managerial staff ... there will be training for all the department heads next week . Attendance for managerial staff is mandatory , except for the financial department . Financial officers may participate if their schedules allow 
You would like me to send this to all managerial staff ? I'm sorry , sir , could you please clarify ? Who all is included in managerial staff 
Managerial staff is anyone who is in a position of authority or responsibility , or who has anyone working under them . It includes all supervisors and department heads 
What about the senior account managers ? Do they count 
No , they are in a position of leadership and have more experience than normal account managers , but they do not directly supervise others . They are not members of the managerial staff and will not be included in our training 
Have you any evening bus tour 
Yes , we have . The city is famous for its beautiful evening scenery 
I have heard of that before . When shall we start 
It starts at 7:00 and lasts 3 hours 
Susan is going to get a divorce 
How do you know that 
She told me that peter and she has a quarrel last nigh , and she left this morning , bag and baggage 
Oh , I see . But I think you are making a fuss . They will make it up . Bet it 
Which countries have you been to 
I ’ Ve been to most of the countries in Europe , several countries in asia-china , Japan , korea , and Thailand-and to the united states and Canada 
I thought you had been to Australia too 
No , but I ’ m planning on visiting Australia and new Zealand soon . I ’ Ve heard that they are beautiful countries . Which is the most beautiful country you ’ Ve been to 
I think I ‘ d say norway . It has many picturesque fjords , waterfalls , and mountains 
Isn ’ t it really cold there 
Well , the north of Norway is almost always cold , but further south it can be fairly warm in summer . It ’ s a wet country , so there ’ s snow almost everywhere in winter 
I ’ Ve been to other Scandinavian countries , but not to Norway . Perhaps I should go and do some winter sports there 
Do you want to sign for a Korea language class 
What for ? Oh , I see , you mean next year our company will expand business to the South Korea market 
Right , we have located a business partner in Seoul . The first contact proves to be successful . The general manager of South Korean company has scheduled to pay a visit to us next month . I think it is quite possible to set up a joint venture company with them soon 
Well , sounds promising . But I think our company will provide us with the language training courses if it is necessary . We need not bother signing for the language by ourselves 
A slow sparrow should make an early start . You know , I am not quick at learning any language 
Hello , Mr . Thomas . Could you spare a minute 
What do you need 
I need to talk to you about that new driver you ’ Ve hired . I think I am going to have some problems working with him 
He seems to be quite qualified . If it is a personal problem I preferred if you would work out between yourselves 
Excuse me , driver , where is the main area for restaurants 
It's near the Wall Street , a bit far from there . Why not get on the car
OK . Is there a Chinese restaurant 
Of course . More than that , you have Italy pizza , English steak , kimchi and local specialties 
Woo , I can't help being there 
Hello , miss . Can you bring me something to drink 
Sure , sir . But there is a charge for alcoholic beverages in economy class . Would you please refer to this price list ? And then give me your order 
Thank you for reminding me . Well , please give me a glass of brandy and I will pay for it 
OK , I will bring it to you in a moment 
Excuse me , waiter , would you please bring us a nest ? A friend of mine will join us 
Wait a moment . Here you are 
By the way , we would like to order some dishes for my friend 
Sure 
May I help you 
I bought the MP4 in your store a week before , but it doesn't work today 
Have you brought your receipt 
Yes , here you are 
I am sorry , we will change yours for a new one 
Hello , take a seat please . Let's get straight to the point . This is our contract . Please read it carefully before signing 
Since we have reached an agreement on all terms , there shouldn't be any problems for the contract 
May we once more remind you that the contract should be canceled by one month notice 
Yes , I got it . Thanks 
What are the attractions of that city 
It's famous for beautiful countryside with clean air 
Oh , that's what I am looking for . Do you have a reduction for 6 persons 
Yes , sir . We offer a 10 % discount for groups more than 5 
Good game 
Not bad . But too hot for me today 
Yes , I know . Kind of hard to concentrate , isn't it 
Absolutely . Who were you playing with 
Oh , just on my own . I just joined , so I don't really have any partners 
Really ? Oh , well , in that case we should play together some time . What's your handicap 
16 . Yours 
No kidding ! I'm 16 , too . We should definitely play together some time . My name's Bob 
Jane . Nice to meet you 
Me too . So , do you like the course 
Yes , it's fine . However , I personally think the fairways between the greens are a bit too long , especially for such a hot climate . Don't they have carts 
Well , they used to , but they got rid of them because of environmental concerns 
Oh , that's good . I guess the caddies were pleased 
Actually , in my opinion , the carts were better because you don't have to tip them 
Yes , but look at it this way , getting rid of the carts probably gives more work to local people , which is a good thing , right 
Possibly , but I still miss them ! What bothers me is that the heat makes the caddies ' life quite hard . One member's caddy fainted last week 
How awful , poor guy 
Right . Luckily it was on the eighteen hole , quite near the clubhouse , so he didn't have far to carry him 
Oh , my God , you're kidding me ! He carried him back 
Yup 
Operator . Can I help you 
I'd like to make a person-to-person call to Beijing , China . The number is 2135367 8 , and I want to speak to Mr . Zhang 
To Mr . Zhang in at 2135-3678 
Yes , that's right 
May I have your name and telephone number 
My name is Luo Gang , and the phone number is 513-3284 
Mr . Luo , will you hold the line , please - - - Mr . Luo , there is no Zhang at that number . Will you check the number again , please 
What the number I gave you , operator 
It's 2135-3678 
Oh , I'm sorry . should have been 2135-3668 , not 3678 . I've given you a wrong number 
Are you sure this time 
Yes 
OK . Let me try again 
Thank you 
I'm interested in Chinese antiques 
We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting 
I'd like a flower-and-bird painting 
How about this picture of cranes with pine trees ? It was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty 
Oh , they look just like live cranes 
And what is more , in traditional Chinese thinking , cranes and pine trees symbolize longevity 
That one looks pretty big . Are you going to keep it 
Of course . I always keep what I catch 
Not me . I like to throw back what I catch 
If it's within the legal limit , I prefer to keep it 
What's your major in college 
I take architecture as my major 
What research are you dealing with now 
I am dealing with the study of the architecture style of ancient Chinese buildings 
What do you think of the test 
Rather difficult . How about you 
It wasn't too bad . Were you nervous 
Rather . I'm afraid I didn't do very well 
Oh , I wouldn't worry about it 
That's because you did well 
No , I wouldn't worry about you 
Why 
It seems to me that you always do better than you say 
You seem to be in the seventh heaven . What's put you on 
Sarah and I could see eye to eye with each other 
Did she give up her decision to marry Dick 
No , I encourage her to go her own way , but she's now having a change of heart 
The band is pretty good . How do you like the music 
it's very nice . I haven't heard live music in a while . This is fun 
well , then , may I invite you for the next dance 
of course . But I'm afraid I'm not much of a dancer ..
don't worry . I'm not much of a dancer myself 
you're dancing so well 
you dance beautifully too 
when did you learn to dance 
in college . But I don't dance very often . What's your favourite dance 
it's hard to say . It depends . But I love the waltz 
how about tango 
oh , I like it . It's such a beautiful dance , but I can't do it well . What about you 
Tango is my favorite . Anything but hip-hop or the foxtrot 
thank you for the dance 
my pleasure . Let's go and have a drink 
ok 
Morning , Peter . Nice suit ! A new one 
Oh , yes . My wife bought it for me yesterday . Hmm , you look nice in that yellow dress . Yellow suits you really well 
Maybe . Several people have suggested that I get more yellow clothes . They say the color suits me because I have a fair complexion 
That's right . You know , pink , green and black could also be good for you . Actually , I think that all colors are okay for a person with your complexion . It's just that different colors can give people different impressions . For example , black could make you look mature , while pink could make you look young and energetic 
Thank you for your compliments . It sounds like you're a clothing expert 
Well , compared with my wife , I'm just a beginner 
I would like to make an appointment to discuss the problems I keep having with my apartment 
Are you having problems ? This is the first I ’ Ve heard of it 
We gave you a list of problems last week 
What kind of problems are you talking about 
Well , the garbage disposal doesn ’ t work , we have rats , and the toilet is backed up 
Maybe I could get back to you in a few weeks . I am leaving on vacation this afternoon 
These things are your responsibility , and you need to fix them immediately 
Don ’ t tell me what to do ! I ’ ll get to it when I get around to it 
If these problems are not addressed immediately , I will be contacting the health department this Friday and you will not get a rent check 
I ’ ll be right over 
You are too picky 
No , I'm not.Hey , look at that guy over there 
Which guy 
The guy in the blue shirt at the table by the window 
I can't see him . Where 
Right there 
Oh , I see him now . Wait ! That's ..
Yes , it's Mel Gibson 
Oh , wow ! It's really him ! Who is that woman he's with 
I don't know . Why don't you go ask for his autograph 
I can't do that 
Why not 
I think he won't remember White Day 
Silly , you should make sure he does 
Uh-huh . How about you 
He ’ s buying me a handbag , and then dinner at a gorgeous restaurant 
You got a big return for a small gift 
Hey ! I just bought one of those new Japanese cell phones ! It's loaded with extras 
What does it do 
It's got a built-in video camera so you can see the person you're talking to.It also takes stills and I can use the E-mail mode to send digital pictures straight to my friend's phone 
Wow ! What else does it do 
I can plug it into a folding keyboard to type in message mode . l can even surf the net 
Cool ! Anything else 
Yes.With the 600 - second digital memory , l can record my voice and send it using voice message mode 
Wow 
You'll love this ! I can use a stylus to draw a map on the touch screen and then use the fax mode to send it to another phone 
Hello , BCD Company , can I help you 
Hello , may I speak to Mrs Smith 
This is Mrs Smith , may I have your name 
This is Sun , and I interviewed with you yesterday 
Hello , Mr . Sun 
I am calling to thank you for giving me the interview for the Sales Manager position yesterday 
You are welcome , Mr . Sun 
I really enjoyed meeting with you 
You certainly made a good impression on me , as well 
I am very interested in this position 
We'll be making the decision by the end of this week and we'll contact you as soon as possible 
Well , thank you for your time and consideration again 
You are welcome 
Hello ! I ’ m now trying to take a bath , but there are too many buttons , would tell me how to use them 
I see , we have an explanation left on the table . If you follow the direction , it ’ s quite simple 
I read it , but I couldn ’ t understand it . Would you come to my room and tell me how to use them 
Oh , certainly 
And also tell me how to use other switches 
Would you like to order anything else 
No , I'm good . All we need now is our check 
Our waitress has been kind of scarce tonight , hasn't she 
I think that is our waitress is over by the bar . Boy , the service has not been good this evening 
She doesn't appear to be headed this way , so I will go get the check 
Good . Just bring it back and we'll total it together 
Our total for dinner is $ 36.00 
What do you think would be the right amount to tip 
I kind of don't want to leave any tip for the lousy service we received 
I agree that it was bad service , but I heard one of the other waiters mentioning that it was our server's first night on the job 
I believe that 10 % is just about right amount 
I think that a tip of $ 3.60 will be the right amount to leave 
How do you think people get their personalities 
I think it ’ s mainly from the environment a person lives in 
Don ’ t you think people get their personalities from their parents 
No , but parents control a lot of the environment that kids grow up in , so they certainly influence their kids ' personalities a lot 
So why do you think many kids have personalities that are so different from their parents 
Maybe when they become teenagers , they want to be completely different to their parents 
You might be right . I guess most parents want their kids to be like them , but kids today grow up in a different environment . You know , they know much more about the world from the internet , newspapers , and tv 
Do you think that teenagers get a lot of their bad behaviour from tv and movies 
Maybe some of it . I think a lot of people blame TV and movies when the real problem is that the parents aren ’ t bringing their child up correctly 
Parents have a difficult job . They have to bring up their children and usually have to work too 
Yes , that ’ s true . Your son is doing well at school , isn ’ t he 
Yes , he is . He ’ s very hardworking when he ’ s at school . Then he comes home from school and does homework before dinner . After dinner , he goes out with his friends 
So , he ’ s not a bookworm ? It ’ s good that he has an outgoing personality . Some kids are very quiet and introverted . You wonder they ’ ll survive in the real world without their parents to support them 
Thanks for inviting me to your friend ’ s wedding . I was surprised to hear the bride and groom talking to each other that way during the marriage ceremony . Is that common 
Well , some people use a standard set of words , but many couples today write their own wedding vows 
Your tradition of throwing rice as they got into their car was interesting , but it didn't look like real rice to me 
It wasn't . It was birdseed . We don't throw rice anymore because someone discovered that birds come along and eat the rice and have trouble digesting it 
Oh , I didn't think of that . Well , this reception reminds me of weddingparties back in China . Plenty of food and drink , music and dancing , and interesting traditions 
Wait until you see what happens next ! The bride is getting ready to throw her bouquet . Let's go over and watch 
She ’ s got quite a crowd around her . Oh , look ! That little girl caught it 
She ’ s my friend ’ s ten-year-old niece . I guess there won ’ t be another wedding in this family for a long time 
Are we supposed to get off right here 
I think so ; hurry up and get off 
Where are we 
I don't know 
You said this was the right stop 
I think I was wrong 
Did we get off the bus too early 
I don't know ; it kind of looks like we did 
Why did you tell me to get off 
I'm sorry . I thought this was our stop 
I really don't feel like walking 
We could always wait for the next bus to come 
So that will be one teddy , two terry cloth robes , three pairs of satin slippers , and two pairs of pajamas 
Does all that come to 10,000 NT 
Let me see ... yes , 15,880 NT . After the discount , your total comes to 12,704 NT . Here's your free teddy bear , free panties and your card application 
Where do I sign 
Right here . And write your address . You'll get the card in the mail within a week 
OK 
I know your friend will like the gift set , especially the teddy bear 
Well , the teddy bear is for me 
Remember to keep your receipt in case your friend needs to make any exchanges . There are no refunds on sale items 
Pam , where's the closest ATM 
It's not that far . Do you see that Yellow building over there 
The big one or the small one 
The big one 
Yes 
It's right next to it , on the right 
Do you know if there's a convenience store around here 
I don't think there's one around here . The closest one is on 3rd street , but that's probably closed now 
I really need to get some things before I leave 
Well , you could go down to 22nd street . There are lot of stores down there that are open 24 hours a day 
Can I take the subway to get there 
Yes , but that'll probably take about half an hour . You should just take a cab 
Won't that be expensive 
No , from here I think it's only about 5 dollars 
Hi Wei , what are you going to do this weekend 
I think I ’ ll stay in on Saturday and rest 
Oh right ... How about Sunday 
Ah , I ’ m going to the pub to watch the football 
Oh really ? I ’ ll come along with you if that ’ s ok 
Sure , you ’ re more than welcome . I ’ m meeting everyone at three o ’ clock 
Oh great , I ’ ll see you there 
Good afternoon , is there anything I can do for you 
Yes . My eyes are small so I want to buy false eyelashes 
That will make your eyes seem bigger 
Can you recommend me one 
Sure . It's the latest 
Hello , who is speaking , please 
Hello , Mr . Stern . This is Hao Bo from the International Travel Agency . I have made the plane reservations for you 
Oh , good . Let me get a pencil and take down the information . Well , go ahead , please 
Okay . You'll be travelling on Northwest Airlines , flight number 222 
What time does it leave 
It departs Guangzhou at 10:30 on the morning of July 10 
That is good 
You want to fly first class . Is that correct , Mr . Stern 
That's right 
Well , I have got you three first class tickets and I have reserved your seats . Your seat numbers are 8A , 8B and 8C 
Those are in the non-smoking section , aren't they 
Yes , they are . I have charged the tickets to your credit card . They are 630 dollars each , so It is 1890 dollars for all three 
Fine , thank you very much 
One more thing . Could you give me the names of the people you'll be travelling with 
Sure . They are my kids , Alex and Kathy Stern 
All right . You're all set . Have a nice flight 
Thanks 
What about the working hours 
Working conditions are very relaxed . You may work whatever hours you want , provided you get your job done properly 
I like flexible hours 
Would you mind changing the position or working place you've applied for 
No , I don't 
did you go to university 
yes , I graduated with a BA in English from Qingdao University 
when did you graduate 
just a few years ago . What about you 
I just graduated from high school 
are you planning on going to university 
I'd like to get a BA , but I don't know where I should go 
have you applied anywhere yet 
yes , I've applied to four universities and have been accepted into all of them 
congratulations ! Which one is the cheapest 
the tuition is the same for all of them 
which one has the most interesting course 
I think the course at Leeds University is interesting , but I think the one at Manchester University would be more practical 
where would you like to be located 
I'd really like to be in London , but it's the most expensive city in England to live in , so I don't know if I can afford to live there 
have you applied for grants or financial aid of some sort 
not yet 
I think you should do that soon . It will help you make a decision about the school you go to 
that's a good idea 
good luck 
I'm so thirsty 
Let's go get something to drink 
That's a good idea 
Do you know what you want to drink 
I kind of want a soda 
You shouldn't drink soda when you're really thirsty 
What do you mean 
When you're thirsty , you're not supposed to drink soda 
What are you supposed to drink 
Water is what's best for you 
I guess I will get water 
It's better for you 
Good morning , Oriental Electric Limited 
Hello , this is Catherine . I am calling about the appointment with Mr . Liu for this afternoon . Something has just come up . I am afraid the appointment will have to be rescheduled . I am very sorry about the change 
That is all right . Maybe we can make another arrangement 
You are very kind to say so . Thank you . Do you think tomorrow morning would suit him 
I'm afraid there is a bit of a problem . in fact , he has booked up the whole week except tomorrow afternoon 
Tomorrow afternoon . Um ... When do you think I can come and see him tomorrow afternoon 
Please let me check ... Tomorrow afternoon ... Yes , he'll be free from 3:00 tomorrow afternoon . Do you think it's convenient for you 
Yes , that's quite all right for me . Can we change it 
All right . Let's change it . Tomorrow afternoon at three . I am going to schedule it for that time and inform Mr.Liu about the change 
Thank you very much . See you tomorrow afternoon 
See you 
Do you have any vacancies 
Yes , we have a nice room on the sixth floor 
How much is it 
200 yuan a night 
OK . Dose it include breakfast 
Yes . And could I have your name 
Kate Green 
How long do you want to stay 
5 days . And could you send a bellboy to pick up my luggage 
Sure . We'll be there in a few minutes 
Could you keep my valuables 
We'd like to . You may call the attendant if you need any help 
I can ’ t believe my English teacher is making me read pride and prejudice 
Why not ! It ’ s a classic . In fact , it ’ s one of my favorite novels 
But it ’ s so old 
Don ’ t judge a book by its cover . Do you Kwon what it ’ s about 
No , not at all 
First of all , it ’ s a romance novel , set in the early 19th century 
I didn ’ t realize it was a romance novel . What ’ s the main storyline 
It ’ s basically about a father who tried to marry off one of his five girls 
Why does he want to do that 
Since he doesn ’ t have a son , he hopes that one of the girls will marry a wealthy man . That way , all of his daughters will be cared for 
Won ’ t they get his inheritance 
No , that ’ s the problem . Though they are well-off , once he dies , his house will go to his cousin . So , when he dies , the girls will have nothing 
I see . This sounds interesting ! Maybe my teacher isn ’ t so horrible after all 
So , are you going to read the novel or watch the movie 
There ’ s movie ? My teacher didn ’ t tell me that 
That ’ s probably because she wants you to read the book first 
It would take a lot less time ..
How about this . When you finish the book . I ’ ll get the movie and watch it with you 
Ok . That sounds like a deal 
Can I take this bus to city center 
Can you tell me the exact place 
The Empire Hotel 
Yes . But this one is full , you have to wait for the next one 
Well . I think I will wait 
wow , the duck looks so delicious . Should we order it , Rick 
the chef is going to slice it into thin pieces . There will be around one hundred and twenty pieces of both skin and meat for each 
I see . The chef is so skillful with his knife 
absolutely . It is said that they serve 3,000 ducks every day 
incredible . By the way , what are these in the plates 
oh , they are pancakes , hollowed sesame buns , scallions , cucumbers and oisin sauce . I will show you how to make one 
thank you . I couldn't wait any longer to have a taste 
Just roll it up and have a bite , Amy 
oh , it's terrific . I love the floor . Can you tell me how it was prepared 
certainly . First , a Beijing duck is specially selected . After it is cleaned and dressed , it will be roasted in an open oven . Only wood of fruit trees are used to fuel the fire to give the duck a unique
it sounds really complicated . No wonder it tastes so great 
Yes , Amy , please have some more 
When can I move into my new house 
The current owners will be moving out on Tuesday , so technically you could pick up the keys and move in on Wednesday 
Will the utilities be turned on 
You need to contact the utility company and make arrangements to transfer the utilities to your name 
I really want to paint the walls right away and get the carpet cleaned 
If I were you , I would take a few days to take care of those things before you move in 
I was thinking that I should have my new appliances delivered as we are moving in 
That would be perfect . That way , someone will be there , but you will have them right away 
Can you help me on my move-in day 
I think that I have something else really important to do on that day . I just can ’ t remember what it is 
I have been very busy this year , working late , often taking work home and taking no vacation . I feel exhausted 
You should ask for a holiday and relax yourself for a little bit . You worked so hard 
You are right . For the past few weeks , I had no appetite and couldn ’ t sleep well . What ’ s worse my back started aching this Monday . It is time for me to take a vacation 
Can I also take the MET to get there 
Yeah sure , it's much quicker . Do you know how 
No , can I trouble you to lend me a hand 
Ok , not a problem . Let's go to the station 
You have to buy a ticket first . You want to go to Shi Da , right 
Yeah 
Ok , then you need to go to Tai Power Building Station 
Where is that 
Look at the map to see where you are . Then look at where you want to go . The number is how much money you have to pay 
Oh , that's simple enough 
Then , when you have your ticket , you go wait on the platform 
Anything else I should know 
Just remember to hold on to your ticket . You need it to get out of the station when you get there 
Hi , Mr . James , what's the rush 
The bank closes in 30 minutes and I need to cash a check 
I can lend you some money 
Thanks . But it's necessary for me to buy a TV set 
Can I help in anyway 
You can take me to the bank if you want to 
Sure . Let ’ s go 
If you're observant you'll see rare birds , insects , butterflies , and a few reptiles . But you must look for them . There are also a few am-phibians in lower places 
Well , let's move , I can see a rest area ahead.We can relax there , and see what wildlife is around ..
Huh ! I am really out-of-shape , Why aren't you out-of-breath 
Because I come hiking every week . That's why I'm in good-shape . I think that I should bring you a walkingstick next time 
How can you say that ? But , you could give me a piggyback the rest of the way 
So , you want me to carry your backpack , your thermos flask , our picnic , and you as well . No problem , jump on 
Here's 30 yuan for my ticket 
Keep it . I'm buying tonight 
No , you can't do that 
Sure I can , my treat 
Hello . I have left my key in my room . But I can't get in now 
May I have your name and room number 
I am Molopo and my room is 5022 
OK.sir . Please go upstairs . Someone will open the door for you 
Thanks a lot 
Hello . Capital Hotel . May I help you 
Yes , unlikely my flight will be 2 hours due to the fog . Would you please keep my reservation 
Sure . May I have your name please 
Lincoln . That's L-I-N-C-O-L-N . Thank you 
What's so special today 
Why 
Didn't you notice all the roses 
It's July 7th . Chinese Valentine's Day 
Oh , God . I just forget it 
I thought you had trouble with Clive 
No . But now he will be in bigger trouble ! What's a boyfriend for ? Forget about Valentine's Day 
Poor guy ! It's not fair . You forgot it too 
Oh , it's Clive 
Wow ! Good timing 
Excuse me for a while.Clive asked me out to a movie ! Do you want to join us 
Come on . Two is company 
So what 
It's Valentine's Day . Come on . Just go 
Hey , Jim . Wake up 
Do I have to get up now 
You'd better get up or you'll be late 
What are you talking about ? The alarm hasn't even gone off yet 
Yes , It has . It went off 30 minutes ago 
I must have slept right through it 
Rise and shine , sleepyhead 
Just let me sleep five more minutes 
Were you able to contact the owners about my counter-offer 
Yes , please have a seat , and we ’ ll discuss this right now 
I hope that they accepted the counter-offer 
The counter-offer was acceptable to them , but they want you to pay for the home inspection 
Will the home inspection cost me a lot 
It can cost as little as five hundred dollars and as much as one thousand dollars 
Is it my choice as to who inspects this house 
Yes , it is your choice as you are paying for it . Make a wise investment and choose the best inspector you can find 
How long until you contact the sellers with my acceptance 
Let ’ s call them right now . I am sure that they will be happy to hear that you have agreed to pay for the inspection 
Can I help you , Ma'am 
I need a phone card for this new cell phone 
Cool phone . What kind of phone card do you want 
It's for my daughter who is still a senior high school student 
Then the M-Zone will be suitable 
What's special with the service 
You know students use tested message service . And they provide favorable service for that 
That's nice . And I need a pre-paid phone card 
Oh , there is a sales promotion for it now 
Oh , good . Then what is it 
If you buy a pre-paid phone card worth 100 yuan today , you will get 50 yuan for free 
May I have two of them 
Sure . As many as you want 
Okay , then a third one for my husband too 
Good morning . Please come into my office 
Good morning . Thank you 
I see that you have some impressive writing experience 
Yes . I have written for several top newspapers in the country . I ’ m also in the process of writing my first novel 
Wonderful . I ’ d like to know why you ’ re interested in this position at our paper 
We scored six goals 
I don't believe it 
And I score three of them 
You are not serious 
We had extra time of course 
I can believe that 
Were you able to get a look at the suspect's face 
Yes . I know exactly what he looks like 
I must ask you to pick him out of a line-up 
That won't be a problem 
Look closely at the five men in this line-up 
I am looking 
Do you see the suspect 
Yes . He's in the line-up 
What number is the suspect 
Number four 
Thank you for all your help 
It was no problem at all 
Come on . All of us are waiting for you 
Oh , sorry . Cross my fingers 
Excuse me , but please empty your pockets of all the metal things and put them in this tray 
Including my keys 
Yes , and please step over there 
All right . What shall I do now 
Just open your bags so we can check them . After that you can pick them up right behind that X-ray machine 
I've got film in my bag 
That's all right . This machine will not damage the film 
That's fine 
Can I have your boarding pass ? We need to stamp it 
Sure . Here you are 
Thank you 
Am I through now 
Yes . Here is your boarding pass 
Thank you and goodbye 
How do you like this one ? It's nice and cheap It's only thirty-four dollars 
Have you got anything cheaper 
Sorry . I think that's the cheapest
May I try it on 
Yes . you can The fitting room is right over there 
All right . I think I'll take it 
Shall we sing with a karaoke 
Great idea ! I do it every so often 
For us , karaoke is becoming a popular entertainment 
Yep . If you are a good singer , your audience will feel comfortable , right 
I can not agree with you more . And if you are an awful one , that will be funny 
I remembered Tom is always out of tune . We burst into laughter 
Is that true ? Shall we invite him to join with us 
So tricky 
Flowers for my favorite girl 
How did you know that I love red roses 
That's a secret . Here , let me help you with your coat , and we'll be on our way 
( at the dance ) That band is playing good music . Shall we dance 
Fine , what do you call this 
Foxtrot . Oh . you're a good dancer 
Really ? Thank you . I am thinking the same thing about you 
I prefer the old style of dance because I enjoy holding a pretty girl like you closely 
Did you hear who won the election 
I can ’ t believe that Obama won 
I couldn ’ t be happier to know that he ’ s our new President 
I know ! He just made history 
You voted for him , right 
I did . Did you 
I voted for him 
I am so happy that he is our new President 
So am I 
I hope that he brings change to America 
I have faith in him 
I have faith in our new President 
When the interview finally comes to an end , the interviewee will probably breathe a sigh of relief 
Still , you should not let down your guard . Some details should be paid attention to 
At this moment you can thank the interviewer again for the opportunity of the interview 
You can also ask the interviewer about your performance today 
Don't forget to ask when you can receive a reply 
And it's best to ask about the second interview if necessary 
You should state politely that you will wait for the results patiently 
You can ask questions about the position you are applying for 
In this case , you should remember to give thanks for the reply you get 
Of course 
Just say goodbye to the interviewer before you leave 
Besides , remember to make acknowledgments through an E-mail or a call 
I hate this kind of weather 
When I was a kid , there was a weather who said there is no such thing as bad weather 
I think he had water on the brain . This is bad 
He said there are only all kinds of good weather 
Okay , Pollyanna , what's so good about this weather 
Well , for one , we have an excuse to stay home 
We ' get ' to stay home ? Do you know something that I don't 
I know that there is hot chocolate in the kitchen and some new Cds just waiting for us 
Could you do something to advance your time of shipment 
Well , our manufacturers are fully committed at the moment . I'm afraid it's very difficult to improve any further on the time 
I hope you'll try to convince them to step up production 
We check their production schedule against our orders almost every day . As new orders keep coming in , they are working three shifts to step up production . I'm sorry , but we simply cannot commit ourselves beyond what the production schedule can fulfill 
Well , in that case , there is nothing more to be said . What's your last word as to the date then 
I said by the middle of October . This is the best we can promise 
All right . I'll take you at your word . May I suggest that you put down in the contract shipment on October 15th or earlier ? Our letter of credit will be opened early September 
Good . Let's call it a deal . We'll do our best to advance the shipment to September . The chances are that some of the other orders may be cancelled . But of course you cannot count on that . In any case , we'll let you know by email 
That's very considerate of you . And now , shall we discuss the insurance terms 
We generally insure W . P . ( W . P . A ) on a C . I . F . offer . Special risks , such as TEND ( Theft , Pilferage and Non-delivery ) , leakage , breakage , oil , freshwater , etc . can also be covered upon request 
I suppose the additional premium for the special coverage is for the buyer's account 
Quite right . According to the usual practice in international trade , special risks are not covered unless the buyer asks for them 
Then what about SICC ( Strikes , Riots and Civil Commotions ) ? Can we request you to cover this for our imports 
Yes , we accept it now , after it has been suspended for many years . However , if you want to have it covered for your imports at your end , you may arrange the insurance as you like 
Then please cover W . P . A . and TEND for this transaction 
All right , I'll adjust the price accordingly 
I'm so busy . I don't know how will get this done 
You're not the only one with a lot to do . We are all in the same boat 
Well , that's all for the interview . Thank you for your interest in this job 
You are welcome . Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to interview me 
May I call you about our final decision 
Yes , please . My telephone number is 2974-5328 , and you can call me at any time in the daytime 
We will get in touch with you by the end of next week 
Great . I will look forward to hearing from you . And do I need the second interview 
We'll notify you if necessary . Goodbye 
Goodbye 
Thanks for your help 
No problem , anytime 
Let me know if I can do anything for you 
Okay , thank you 
Did you see the letter I got from Bradford Films ? They sent it in response to your phone call last week 
If they wanted to say something about my call last week , why didn ’ t they sand it to me 
I guess they must not have your contact information , so they sent it addressed in care of your department head . Anyhow , they wrote to confirm in writing what you discussed about the Milton contract 
Can I see it for a second 
Sure , here it is ..
Dear Mr . Clark , Further to our telephone call last Friday , I am writing to confirm our meeting on july 21 . As we discusses , our meeting is to review the contract details 
Did they ask you to send the files beforehand 
Let ’ s see , ” we would e grateful if you could please send related materials to our office prior to our meeting . ” It looks like ... hey , was there anything else sent along with this letter 
I don't think so , why do you ask 
The letter reads , “ please find enclosed a copy of our agenda for your review . ” I don ’ t see anything else in the envelope ..
Maybe they forgot to attach it to the letter . You should give them another call 
You'll love this . It's a chick drink 
What's that supposed to mean — that it's weak 
Well , that too . I mean that it's kind of sweet . See if you can guess what's in it 
Mmm ! Beer , tequila , and ... lime 
Not bad . You really know your booze ... So I guess you know what's in the salsa , too 
Fresh tomatoes , green and white onions ..
Don't tell me you're a salsa expert , too 
Front desk . May I help you 
I ’ m going to check out tomorrow . Then we ’ ll be back in a week ’ s time . Can I leave my luggage here 
Yes . Sure . You do have storage service . When will be checking out tomorrow 
About nine thirty in the morning 
Shall we arrange a bail boy to pick up your luggage at nine o ’ clock 
Sure 
May I have your room number please 
1218 
1218 . we ’ ll collect your luggage at nine o ’ clock tomorrow . Would you then come to the front desk to get your storage receipt please 
Thank you very much .. Bye 
You ’ re welcome . Good-Bye 
You'll have to take a make-up exam in logic 
Oh , I thought I did a good job 
Sorry to say you failed 
Anyway , I have to face the music this time 
How did you get around over there ? Did you rent cars 
No , that would be too expensive . We used the train system.We bought a special pass called a Enrail pass . It lets people use the train wherever they want , as often as they want 
I've heard about Enrail passes.So those Europeans really depend on trains a lot 
Yes , they do . I wish we Americans had a better train system 
I know . Our train system is lousy.And besides , Americans love their cars too much 
I agree . And probably the automobile companies are too powerful.They never allowed the government to develop trains 
It's too bad for the environment . So much pollution from cars 
Americans love cars for different reasons , I think.One reason is that we are very individualistic.And cars are a very individual way of getting around.Americans like the freedom of driving around by themselves.They don't want to ride in a train or bus with a group of people 
Yes , I agree . I think it is a cultural characteristic.It would be very hard to get us Americans to change this.But you know what ? Probably , in the future , Americans will have to change 
Why do you say " have to " 
Because the earth's environment can't tolerate cars forever . I think cars are already causing global warming.When the problem gets more serious , world governments will have to start limiting car use 
Maybe you're right . They will have to develop alternative transportation.But it will be hard in America . Too many people are used to cars.Even in our movies cars are very important 
Wow ! I didn't notice the time.It ' s almost noon . I have to get home 
Do you want me to give you a ride 
No , no problem . I have my car in the parking ramp around the corner 
Alright.Well , I'll stay here and have another coffee . Nice running into you 
See you around 
You're made a good choice . This china tea set is unusual 
Where was it from 
It was made in Jingdezhen 
Jingdezhen ? Isn't it called ' the capital of porcelain ' 
You are right 
This is the very thing I've been dreaming of 
It is the best quality porcelain-the famous egg-shell China 
It must be most precious 
But it is really worth the price 
I want to send some money to Australia . Could you handle it for me 
Yes , madam , how much would you like to remit 
2,000 AD $ 
Which would you like to remit , by mail or by cable 
What is the difference between them 
The cable will take less time for your account , in the meantime , the regular service charge is also higher than that of the mail one 
Well , I think the cable is better 
OK , please fill in the application form giving the name and address of beneficiary , your name and telephone 
All right . Here you are 
Everything is OK . The commission is 50 yuan 
Here you are . Thanks a lot 
Mr . Emory ? I think it ’ s time to get a new computer 
Why , Christine ? I think the one we have is fine 
For the amount of work we do on the computer these days , the one we ’ re using is just too weak . We really need a higher model 
Well , I ’ ll think about it . I don ’ t know whether accounting is going to agree to such a big purchase 
Would you mind if I ask some personal questions 
No . I don ’ t . Please 
Are you in robust health 
I have a little problem , I'm overweight for my height . I think I should go on a diet 
Welcome to Perfect Getaway Tours . How can I help you 
I would like to plan a surprise getaway for me and my wife 
Very well , we have a couple of different options such as beaches , the wilderness , the countryside or even going to a spa for the weekend 
I think something in the countryside would be nice 
Perfect ! This package includes round-trip flights to New Hampshire . A free airport pick - up is included . Our VIP limousine will pick you up and provide you with complimentary champagne and finger
Sounds good ! What is the hotel that we will be staying at like 
That is the best part.Your hotel is actually an old country villa that has been restored and refurbished to accommodate a maximum of that is guests.You will enjoy an intimate and private time in this
Wow ! This sounds like something my wife would really enjoy ! Are there any outdoor activities we can take part in 
Of course ! The hotel has a stable with beautiful stallions for a very romantic horseback ride along the country trail . You can also go fishing to the nearby lake or visit the local vineyard 
I ’ m sold ! I want to book this trip . I don ’ t care what it costs ! Money is no object 
Dear , can you drive me to the clinic 
I'm afraid I can't 
Why 
Well , my car won't start . I don't know what's the matter with it 
Could it be the battery 
No , I don't think it could be . I checked the battery two days ago.It must be other problems 
Well , I suppose it could be the gas 
No , there is plenty of gas . I filled it up yesterday 
Perhaps it's the starter then 
Yes , that's possible 
Did you happen to bring that book that we were talking about yesterday 
I did . Let me go get it for you . Here you go 
Thanks so much 
I like the way that the gifts I get increasingly more lavish 
I had no idea that there were specific things that should be given on different anniversaries 
So what does it say you should give your wife this first anniversary 
It says that traditionally , give something made of paper 
I can think of two things made of paper — stationery and money 
How about your grades of study 
I had been doing quite well . In all subjects , I got excellent scores 
Well . In that case , you must have got good records in English , too 
Yes , I was the top student among my classmates 
How about your oral English 
Quite well . I took the National English Speaking Contest in CCTV 2008 and I got first place 
Hi , this is Ralph Simmons . With whom am I speaking 
This is Paula Blake , Mr . Simmons . How can I help you 
I ’ m hoping you can sort a few things out for me . Could you pull up my account 
Certainly , sir . Just tell me your account number please 
what are you listening to ? Is that Beethoven or Mozart 
it's Beethoven . Do you like it 
I think Beethoven's music is incredible . I've heard that listening to it can make you more intelligent , too . Do you believe that 
I don't know about that , but I do think that it helps people relax 
what other kind of music do you listen to 
actually , I mostly just listen classical music . What about you 
to be honest , I think classical music is too complicated for me 
what kind of music do you prefer then 
I like pop music . Do you 
not really . I don't think pop music has much depth 
I see what you mean . I think that's way I like it so much 
how long have you been in to pop music , then 
I've always been into it . Have you always liked classical music 
not really . When I was little , we didn't really listen to music at all 
so , how did you become interested in it 
well , when I was about 10 years old , I started playing the piano . I think that's how it all started 
do you still play piano 
yes , it's one of my hobbies 
Finance , Angie speaking 
Hi Angie , it ’ s Tom Reynolds here . Can you tell me if my tuition fees for this semester have been approved 
Yes , Mr . Reynolds . They were approved yesterday . You can pick up the check today 
Oh wow ! Thanks a million , Angie 
I'm not satisfied with it 
Why not ? What's wrong with it 
Sometimes it goes fast . And sometimes it goes slow . And the alarm doesn'twork , either 
Would you like another one 
No . Can I have my money back 
Hmm ... have you got a receipt 
A receipt 
Yes . I must see your receipt . You can't have your money back without receipt 
Oh , I'm not certain , but I think I've lost it 
Good afternoon , Pan Am . May I help you 
Yes . I'd like to make a reservation to New York for 18th next month 
Please wait a moment . Let me check for you.The flight is FW 711 and it arrives at 10:00 am 
How long is that journey 
14 hours 
Thank you 
The sun is shining 
But there're some mare's tails 
That's the sign of wind 
Oh , really , I thought it was a sign of rain 
What's the most popular sport in your country 
Table tennis 
Do you play table tennis 
Not really , but I like watching 
What is that you have there 
Aah ! Close your eyes . You aren't supposed to see this 
Ah ha ! I caught you . Just let me peek . I won't tell anyone 
You can't peek ! This is a surprise 
How about one little hint 
Here's one little hint . If you don't go out right now , this won't be under the tree 
That's a very good hint 
And please shut the door and lock it behind you 
Tomorrow is my first day at work , what do you think I should be wearing 
Well , if you want to look professional , serious and more conservative , a blue dress , white shirt and not-too-high shoes would be the best choice . But sometimes , very formal clothes will keep you at a distance from your colleagues . It depends on the company ’ s dress code 
Indeed , I found most of the employees dress casually when I went to the interview . Only the manager was in suit and tie and he just came back from a ceremony . It seems that their dress code is not that formal . Probably , I should put on car key and simple shirt 
Whatever you choose , make sure they are neat and clean 
Say , do you go to see your grandparents often 
Of course , my grandpa is generous and kind.My grandma cooks the most delicious Chinese dishes in the world 
You are very lucky 
What upsets you 
My parents called . As usual , they reminded me again that I should have a plan to marry by my late 20s.Easier set than done . Who should I marry ? I have no time to go on a date 
It is not your mother finding one for you 
I will find one myself , of course . I ’ m a modern girl 
Perhaps you can try the three minutes date , the latest type 
You mean dozens of the opposite sex meet each other for three minutes in a dimly bar serving alcohol , I hate that idea 
No , there is an updated version , three minutes video date . I know an online dating website providing such service with a microphone and webcam , you can sigh for it . You can be face-to-face with a guy talking for maximum three minutes 
I don ’ t think it makes sense . Three minutes is such a short time 
I think you can find out if there is a possibility of romance within the first second of meeting someone , so-called love at first sight 
Anyway , I don ’ t want to post my face up for sale on the internet like that 
Don ’ t worry . There are many other options using the internet as dating methods . Some sites operate at international standard even have got certifications 
Of course , for these sites , you have to pay a membership fee . But all in all , it is more serious and professional . The chance of meeting a good and serious person who does not play games is higher 
I don ’ t want to post my personal information on the internet . I ’ m not knowing who is reading it 
Mary , it's good to see you 
Josh and I were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by 
I am so glad that you decided to stop by 
Yes , it has been a long time since we have seen you 
Mary , can I get Josh or you something to drink 
Oh no , thank you . We aren't all that thirsty 
How about a little snack then 
No , thank you , we just ate lunch a little while ago 
Well then , how is your family 
Everyone is doing great . My sister finally had her baby 
Let ’ s go to Wangfujing by bus 
Better take the subway . It ’ s faster , and more convenient 
En , where do we pay the fares 
Just go to the ticket office in the subway 
Do I have to pay an additional fare to change trains 
No , you don ’ t have to . Here comes the train . Be careful ! Subway doors open and close automatically 
You must be annoyed about your boyfriend ’ s leaving you , huh 
Don ’ t ever mention him . I ’ m getting over it 
It ’ s a sad thing . I ’ m ever so sorry ..
Are you done 
Are you a smoker 
Yes , I ’ m afraid I am . My husband is a smoker too 
Would you describe yourself as being a heavy smoker 
No . But my husband smokes 20 or more a day 
When did you begin to smoke 
I had my first cigarette when I was 17 
Might I ask if you have tried to give up smoking 
Yes . Twice 
What time is our connecting flight 
Let me check . Oh , oh ! It ’ s at 3:25 
Wow , that's cutting it close ! That means we only have 25 minutes to make the connection ! What gate is it at 
It's at ... gate 14 
Oh , great ! That's at the other end of the terminal 
OK , so here's the plan ; When we land , run to gate 14 
I'm be right behind ya 
What are you going to do for one year abroad , Tom 
Study , study , study . I want to learn a lot 
You are going to take courses 
Yes . I am going to take some university courses there 
Sounds hard 
Yes , but I think it's probably for the best 
Won ’ t you get lonely 
Hey , I am a pretty cool guy . I will make friends , and I'll have a lot of extracurricular activities too . You know , like fencing , or theater or something 
These vegetables taste very sweet 
Sure , I planted them . They're organic 
Really ? Dad , how do you know how to plant organic vegetable 
Well , it's a secret 
Dad , come on ! Just tell me 
Well , honey , I can teach you how to plant them if you want to learn 
I hate to see the abuse of animals 
It makes me sick 
What can I do for you 
Yes . There is something wrong with my watch . It stopped several hours ago 
Let me have a look . Oh , the watch ’ s battery is worn down 
How much is a battery 
$ 50 
How long will it last 
About 2 years 
Here is the money 
Okay , let's begin . Hello , everyone . My name's Karl Roberts , and I'll be your teacher for this class , Intercultural Communication 
( quietly ) I don't understand what the teacher is saying 
Uh , to begin with , please take a look at the syllabus in front of you . As you all should know by now , this class meets on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 3:15 to 4:50 
That's terrible . He speaks too fast . How can I catch his meaning 
Again , as you see on your course outline , grading is determined by your performance on a midterm and a final test , periodic quizzes , and classroom participation 
I'm not sure whether I can pass the course or not 
How can I help you today 
I want to sign up for some funds units . How do I go about it 
Have you got some ID and your cash card 
Yes . I've already got a fund account with you too 
How many more fund units would you like to purchase today 
I'm not quite sure . You see , I already have more than 5,000 RIB in my cash card , but I really don't know how much I should get 
The usual minimum purchase is 5,000 RIB 
That settles it then . 5,000 RIB it is , thanks 
How much is your last salary 
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses 
How much do you want us to pay you 
I like to be paid more than that . Hopefully , 150,000 a year . To be honest , I left the company to get more income 
I am not sure what to do during the holidays , any suggestions 
Well , going to a cinema , visiting the galleries , exhibitions and museums , finding and meeting old friends , exercising in the health club or mountain biking . There are so many good choices 
The problem is that I find all of them are full of fun . I just don ’ t know what to do first 
Why not start with the most interesting one 
Actually , I ’ m interested in all of them . The more choices we have , the harder to make a decision 
Toss a coin to decide then 
You ’ re free to leave 
I ’ m so excited 
What are you planning on doing now 
I ’ m going back to college 
What are you going to major in 
I haven ’ t thought about it yet 
I don ’ t want to see you back here 
You won ’ t see me here again 
I don ’ t think this place is for you 
I know 
I wish you luck 
Thanks . I know things are going to be better 
Hi , can I help you 
No , thanks . I'm just looking 
All right . If you need any help , just let me know . My name is Greg 
Sure , I'll let you know if I need anything . Hm , this mattress is very firm . Jack will probably like it 
Did you find something you like 
Yes , this mattress is very good . It's pretty firm . The mattress I ’ m now sleeping on is saggy 
You are right . This is very good brand . It doesn't sag easily and we offer a lifetime warranty , so you don't have to worry about its quality 
Does it come with a frame 
Unfortunately , it doesn't . However we can give you a 10 % discount on the frame . We also offer a very good financing plan . There is no payment no interest until next June 
That's an attractive plan . I'll think about it 
I heard that you're going on your first date Friday night 
Are you angry , Lisa 
Angry ? Why would I be 
Please don't tell my mom 
Come on . Dating is a part of young people's social life . Besides , you're sixteen already 
I'm glad that you see it that way 
Do you want to borrow my coat ? I have a black coat that would look smashing on you 
Thank you so much , Lisa 
Well , no one could survive without water , but you see pollution has been making more and more water unable for drinking 
Yeah . Water pollution has for a long time been a major concern among the environmental issues 
But what are the sources of water pollution 
They could generally be divided into two categories , direct and indirect contaminant sources 
Well , direct ones are the pollution directly from factories , refineries waste treatment plants etc . , aren ’ t they 
Yeah . They are emitted directly into urban water supplies 
But what about the indirect ones 
Indirect sources include contaminants that enter the water supply from soils or groundwater systems and from the atmosphere via rainwater 
I see . For the sake of us all , we should be an active participator in the prevention of it 
Sure . It's an issue asking for everyone's participation 
I'm about to run out of business cards . I need some new ones 
We can print as many as you like . Just tell me how many 
Two thousand should get me through the year 
Here's a form to get you started 
My old card is perfect , so all I want you to do is copy it exactly 
I think you'll be very pleased with how well we duplicate your old card 
... Here you go
Thanks . Come back here next Wednesday to pick up your order , please 
I'm sorry , but can you give me a three-day turnaround 
If you don't mind paying a little extra , it's absolutely no problem 
How about your present pay 
Basically I get 5,000 RIB every month . It is a well-paid job with satisfying working hours 
What are your salary expectations 
I require 6,500 RIB per month as a start . This is my bottom line , the minimum salary I can accept 
Don't be too sad . If you really think that you have no feeling with him , then , in my opinion , getting divorced maybe is the best way to solve the problem 
I know clearly at the bottom of my heart . I just can't set my mind at rest because of the child . She's little . She cannot understand us and accept such truth 
Yeah , child is the matter . Don't tell Jenny the truth , only tell her the white lie . When she grows up , you find the suitable opportunity to tell her 
I see . OK 
Good morning , sir . Can I see your boarding pass , please 
Here you are 
Excuse me , sir . This is your passport 
Really ? Ugh ... Is there any difference 
Yes . As a matter of fact , you can't board the plane without boarding pass 
Gee . I must have left it in my hotel room 
I'm sorry sir . I can't let you pass 
But when does the plane take off 
Ugh , in about thirty minutes , sir 
Oh , my God ! What do I do now ? Bone head 
Calm down , sir . You are creating a commotion 
Is that me 
Could be 
Oh , thank God . Thank you , I'll be right back 
Would you please put that cigarette out ? I get sick on it 
You do ? OK , fine with me 
Thank you SO much 
But I also want ya to do me a favor 
What 
You gotta have some better deodorant 
I ’ m sorry ? 
Hello , this is Dunlin . May I speak to Mrs Smith 
This is Mrs Smith . Can I help you 
I am calling to say thank you for the interview yesterday 
You are welcome . I am very impressed by your capability 
Is there anything I should do 
No , nothing . It's thoughtful of you to call me again 
Thank you . Please call me at any time if you have any questions 
Ok , I will . Do you have any question 
No , thank you . Goodbye 
Goodbye 
I ’ Ve decided to grow my own garden 
What ? You don ’ t know the first thing about gardening 
On the contrary , I have been reading a lot of books about the subject 
Oh yeah ? Tell me then , smarty pants , how will you go about setting up your garden 
Well , first I need to buy some things , such as fertilizer , seeds and tools 
What type of tools 
You know , the basics . A rake , shovel , spade and a hoe 
Right . Well it seems like you have all your bases covered . What ’ s next 
I ’ ll till the soil and then sow the seeds . I ’ ll then add some fertilizer and voila ! Gardening all done 
Well , good luck with your garden , especially considering we are in the dry season and it won ’ t rain for the next three months 
Hello , Sir . What can we do for you today 
Bill payment , please . I'd like to pay my electricity bill . I heard there's a new way ; I'm sick and tired of all this queuing 
Now , you can do it via our Atms . It's convenient and easy to use . And we have 4 machines in this branch , so the queues are not usually very long 
So , how do I use it 
You just simply follow the instructions on the screen . You can inquire about your account information and use the self-service payment function 
What kind of strong suit do you get 
I am accomplished in English and computer . Besides , I've got a Teacher's Certificate 
Do you want to be an instructor in the future 
Yes . I regard instructor as a decent occupation and I love to be an instructor 
I've been thinking of taking I've been thinking of taking a Crazy English course.Do you think it's a good idea
Sure ! You should do anything you can to improve your English 
Really ? Do you think English is that important 
Of course it is.In fact , I'll even take the course with you if you want 
Great ! It's always better to do things with a friend 
Do you have the phone number ? I need to call for registration 
No , I left it at home.Sorry 
That's OK . I can get it from you later 
So , do you want to go somewhere for dinner and practice our English together tonight 
All right . I know a great restaurant near here.But , it's a little expensive and I don't have much money with me 
No problem . I just got paid.It ' s my treat 
Thank you ! I'll be sure to return the favor after our first class , OK 
Forget it ! That's what friends are for ! Besides , I have a VIP card for a discount 
Good job ! This is going to be a great night 
I think so too.Let ' s go 
It's almost 6:00 . I'd better be going 
Can you stay for dinner ? We'd love to have you join us 
It's really nice of you . Thanks 
Mr . Mass , here is a gift for you 
Oh . Thanks a million 
It's a souvenir I bought for you from Rome 
How beautiful ! I love it at all 
I'm glad you like it 
It's very kind of you . I really don't know how I can thank you enough 
Don't mention it . Just a little thing I did 
Where do you live now 
I live in Haitian District where there are lot of universities 
Which street do you live on 
I live at No . 50 Xingu Street 
Let's come to an agreement to salary 
May I see the agreement first 
Of course . Here you are . Please read the agreement and sign it 
( Read the agreement . ) There's a three-month period of probation for new recruits 
Yes . If you have any question , just ask . By the way , do you know your rights and obligations in this agreement 
I think I know it . I wonder whether the agreement has the guarantee of law or not 
Of course , you can believe us . Both sides should act according to the provisions of the agreement . Please sign the agreement 
( Sign . ) OK , I signed the agreement with the signature of my name 
We are done with the agreement . After a three-month probationary period , you will be confirmed in your post 
I see . Thank you very much 
You are welcome 
Did you already wash your clothes today 
I've only washed my white clothes 
Could you wash some of my dark clothes with yours 
Is there any special care I should take with your clothes 
The only thing is that they have to be washed on the gentle cycle 
Are there a lot of clothes 
There aren't a lot of clothes , do you have a lot to wash 
It's a medium load 
You don't mind , do you 
No big deal . I'll do it for you 
Okay , thanks a lot 
You're welcome 
These two sections need to be re-written , Jerry . The last guy that did this really mixed things up 
Yeah , I could tell that . That ’ s no problem . I can probably get it re-done by tomorrow . When ’ s our meeting with the boss 
Not until next week , I think , the 15th 
Then , we ’ Ve got plenty of time 
What fruits are in season right now 
What about grapes and water melons 
Can I sample a grape 
Sure 
It tastes good . How much are the grapes per kilo 
$ 2 
So Emily , do you still want to see a movie together this weekend 
Well , what do you want to see ? I don't think there are many good movies out right now 
Mmmm ... I know ! We can go to a really bad sci-fi movie and sit in the back of the theater and make fun of it . What do you think 
Now that's a great plan . It's a date 
Hey Annie , who is this picture of 
Oh , that's my great , great , great , great , great , great , great grandfather 
I think you can say your seventh great grandfather ! Cutie ! What's his name 
Peter Madsen . A great A if I do say so myself 
Nice pun . What is it you active about him most 
He loved his family and his countrymen and his freedom 
He looks like a very personable man 
He was . He was friendly toward and showed concern for everyone he met 
I visited the Polar Aquarium today 
Is it like a zoo of polar animals 
Almost . There are a lot of polar animals sea birds , such as seals , whales and penguins , People don't get much chance of seeing them 
It must have been fun seeing those unusual animals and birds 
Absolutely . To be frank , I learned quite a lot about those animals and polar areas . I'm thinking of my kids there one of these days 
Maybe you should let me know about your plan . I want to take my kids there some day . too 
Hi ! Wang Mei.Come and have a look at my new dress 
Oh ! What a beautiful dress ! It fits you so well.You look so charming in the dress 
Thank you for saying so 
Where did you buy it 
I bought it in a store near my school 
How much is it 
It's only thirty yuan 
It's so cheap . I'll buy one , too 
I'll go together with you 
Please tell us the exact time when the big fire broke out 
The exact time ? Let me think . You know , it happened at night 
But we need the exact time . What time 
Oh , I remember . It was about 10 o'clock . When I was about to go to bed , suddenly I heard help outside 
Hi , my name ’ s Karl . My wife and I are moving in next door 
Hello , Karl . I ’ m Chuck Jones . We ’ re going to be neighbors 
I ’ m happy to meet you . It seems everyone in town is so friendly 
This is a small town , and we like to be neighborly . We know everyone who lives around here 
Well , I ’ m from Chicago . There few people take the time to get to know their neighbors 
So , tell me , Karl , hyoid you come all the way to Minnesota to live 
We wanted to live in a more peaceful community and have more space . Another reason is , we can afford to buy a home here , but we can ’ t in Chicago 
It looks to be a nice day today 
Good , let's go for a drive 
Okay , I'll get the car out of the garage 
Great 
Waiter , come here please . Could we have a doggie bag 
Sure . Wait a moment 
do you like cooking , Julia 
I really enjoy it , especially when it ends up tasting good 
how often do you usually cook 
I usually make a few salads for lunch throughout the week and I make dinner about 6 times a week 
that's a lot of cooking . You must save a lot of money by eating at home so much 
I do . If you cook at home , you can eat healthy food cheaply 
what kind of dishes do you usually make 
I almost always make either a beef roast or a chicken roast with asparagus , parsnips , peas , carrots and potatoes on Sundays 
do you make a lot of traditional British food 
aside from the Sunday roast , we usually eat dangers and mash , toad-in-the-hole , or fish'n chips once a week 
how about spicy food 
my family loves spicy food . We often eat Chinese , Thai , Indian , or Mexican food when we're in the mood for spice 
what's your favorite dish to make 
I absolutely love making mousaka , which is a Greek dish with eggplant . But it takes a lot of time , so I don ’ t often make it 
Did you go to the bank to withdraw money 
Today is so hot , besides I had so much housework to do . My friend came for a visit and stayed for two hours . I didn ’ t forget , but I had no time at all 
So you didn ’ t . Is that right 
Yes . I ’ m sorry 
Why didn ’ t you just answer my question directly ? Why would Chinese answer questions this way ? I simply asked if you did it or not . It ’ s a very simple question . And Chinese often give the reason before they would give a direct answer 
Yes , I ’ m sorry . I know it bothers you very much . But I don ’ t know why Chinese sometimes would do this 
You know , today I asked a student if he brought his dictionary with him . It ’ s a rule I made for the class that everyone brings a bilingual dictionary with them because sometimes they don ’ t understand me . The funniest thing is that this student gave me a lot of reasons and no direct answer 
But you know if he brought it or not , right 
Yeah , after all the explanations like , it ’ s too heavy , I was in a hurry ... whatever 
Calvin , how much money did you spend last weekend 
Lily , I ’ m not sure . Let me check , I think I spent $ 50 
Why don ’ t you help me save money ? You are always spending money 
I know that I should learn how to save more , but I hope that we can spend a little on ourselves sometimes 
I ’ m sorry . I guess I ’ m too extreme when it comes putting money in the bank 
That ’ s okay . I ’ m sorry , too . It ’ s a good idea to prepare for the future possibilities 
I'm really curious . What is it like doing housework all day for a living 
It's a little like being a mom , only I get paid for it 
I still think that it is a bitstrange that you like to do that kind of thing . Most women would rather hire a maid 
That's exactly why my business is doing so well 
How Ay clients do you have already 
Well , I've been in business for one month now and I have ten clients 
Wow . Too bad I don't have a clue about housework 
If you ever need a job , let me know . I can always train you 
I don't know about you , but I'm famished . Are you interested in getting a bite to eat 
That sounds great . I'm absolutely starving ! What kind of food are you in the mood for 
I'd love something spicy . Maybe we could get some Sichuan Hotpot 
You're a woman after my own heart . I don't know many people who can handle spicy food . Are you sure you are up for hotpot 
Sure . If I could , I would eat hotpot every day 
Ok , you're really all eyes when it comes to talking about food , aren't you 
Well , let's stop dragging our feet and find a Sichuan Hotpot restaurant for dinner 
Let me think about it for a minute . Let's see ... oh the name of the restaurant is on the tip of my tongue ! Give me a second and it'll come to me 
Well ... ? Have you thought of it yet 
No ..
Never mind . There's an authentic tasting hotpot restaurant not far from the China World Trade Towers on Chang An Street . Have you been there 
That's it ! That's the one I was thinking of ! I told you I'd remember it 
You really have a bid head , don't you 
Is it Fred's fault 
No , I don't suppose he's to blame.The man in the other car made a mistake 
But he's equally responsible because he tried to overtake you 
Are you paying in cash or by credit card 
Cash 
Here's your key , sir . Room number 1405.The bellboy will take your luggage to your room . Have a pleasant stay 
Thank you 
What are you reading 
It ’ s an article about language . It talks about the idea of having a single global language 
It seems that English already is the main global language . Does the article suggest that there should be an artificial language like Esperanto as the world language 
Actually , it suggest English . The main argument is that English is already being studied as a second language in most countries-china , India , mexico , Nigeria , Pakistan , and japan . So beginning again with a language like Esperanto would be wasteful . The second argument is that English is used in modern technology far more that any other language . Most emails are sent in English and the vast majority of website use English 
Does the article say anything about other language ? How will they survive in an English-speaking world 
The article points out that many languages have been lost and will be lost , but others will continue to be used for generation , even if English continues to be the dominant language 
Right . All the people who speak Chinese . Hindi , French and Spanish aren ’ t suddenly going to stop using those languages 
Exactly . The article suggests that those languages will be used , but that they will only rarely be used in international communication between non-native speakers 
In that case , I shall continue to learning a few basic phrases in other languages 
I hear that you've been to the Saikei Ski Resort for the weekend . Did you enjoy it 
Yes , it's so exciting , though I had the most falls in our skiing team 
Isn't there any coach to teach you how to ski 
Of course there is . The top-level coaches there are from the State Sports General Administration 
Could you move smoothly 
Yes.My face even ached in the icy wind 
What happened afterwards 
I was skiing on and on excitedly until I realized one thing-I could not stop ! You can just imagine how terrified I was 
Poor girl 
Hello , madam , I am sorry for keeping you waiting so long . Now please follow me and I will show you your table 
Thank you . Is that a window table 
Yes , just as you have ordered 
It's very nice of you 
I suppose you like cinematography and costumes and that sort of stuff 
Yes , I do . The look of a picture is very important 
I think sound is even more important ! Guns , bombs , sirens--that's what makes a movie exciting 
You wouldn't know a good movie even if it bit you on the nose 
In my book , all a good movie needs is a chase scene and lots of things that blow up 
Enough ! If we don't finish the game , there won't be time for any movies tonight 
Hi , I come to pick up my laundry . This is the invoice 
Here you are . We've ironed them for you already . Please check and see if there is any damage 
I'm afraid that a button is missing 
I'm terribly sorry . You know we are so busy today and we forget to sew the button back on . Please wait a moment . It will be ready soon 
OK , please 
Would you like to have a look ? Is it to your satisfaction 
Well , oh my God , there is another problem , I'm afraid . There is still a stain on the shirt 
It doesn't seem like that . Sorry , sir , we've tried everything , but we're not able to get it off the shirt . It was from the sugar I think 
It's been several days now , I am not sure 
Yes , the sugar was burnt during the dry-cleaning process . And there you go 
Oh , that's so bad . I know little about that . Is there a remedy for it 
I am awfully sorry . Please tell us about the stains before the dry-cleaning next time 
OK , I will 
This is a membership card . You can get a 20 percent discount next time 
Thanks a lot 
Hope to see you again . We will provide the best service 
A ticket to London , please 
A cheap day return ticket 
Yes , including London Tube 
That'll be twelve pounds 
This is tough to say , Jordan , but I think we should break up 
Are you serious 
Yes , I mean it 
But why ? Did I do anything wrong 
No , we are just too different . This isn ’ t working 
Hey , come on . It ’ s too early to say that . We can fix things 
I have thought about it for a while . I think it ’ s time to move on for both of us 
But I still love you 
I ’ m sorry 
I knew this would happen some day ..
Then why didn ’ t you talk to me 
Well . It ’ s not all my fault , Anna ..
I don't want to argue with you anymore . This is going to be tough , but Let ’ s try and be friends 
I would like that Anna , but I think I ’ ll need a little space for a bit 
I think we ’ ll be better off if we are apart 
Shall we keep pur friendship 
Sure , let ’ s just be friends 
Welcome to Bill ’ s Fabric World . What can I do for you today 
I was wondering if you guys also tailor clothes 
Sure we do ! We have the best tailors in the country ! What is it that you need exactly 
Well , I ’ m looking to get a custom-made suit 
Excellent ! We have the finest cashmeres at affordable prices.How about we get you measured ? Let ’ s start off by measuring the width of your shoulders . Now , let ’ s measure the length of your arms and this bit around your neck here 
Can you make sure you leave a little extra space in the collar ? My neck gets easily irritated 
No problem ! Now for your pants , let me just measure your waist and the inseam 
You might also want to leave a little extra room in the waist area . I tend to gain a few pounds over the holidays 
OK.Now you can pick your fabric and pattern design . Please follow me 
Mom , my nose is bleeding 
What happened , Peter ? Did you have a fight 
No , mom . I didn't 
Did somebody hit you ? Or did you just fall 
Mom ! I was just picking my nose , and now it's bleeding 
Hey , what's good with you 
Not a lot . What about you 
I'm throwing a party on Friday 
That sounds like fun 
Do you think you can come 
I'm sorry . I'm already doing something this Friday 
What are you going to be doing 
My family and I are going to dinner 
I was hoping you would come 
I'll definitely try to make it the next time 
I'd better see you there 
All right . I'll see you next time 
What do you like to do with your free time 
Study English 
You mean you like to study English ? Why 
It gives me great satisfaction 
Studying English wouldn't give me any satisfaction.It ' s hard work 
I don't mind the work . I think it's worthwhile 
May I help you 
I would like to return this book 
May I do anything else for you 
I would also like to check out this magazine 
I can ’ t let you do that 
Why is that 
Our policy doesn ’ t allow anyone to check out the magazines 
What things am I allowed to check out 
You are only allowed to check out books or videos 
I really need to check out this magazine 
I ’ m sorry , but that ’ s our policy 
That ’ s stupid 
Hi , Linda . I haven't seen you for ages 
Yes . I miss you very much 
So do I 
Have you graduated from college 
Yes . I graduated last year and got a job in a press 
So , got any more ideas for the website 
Well , since we're collecting gifts instead of red envelopes , I made a " for guests only " gift chat room 
But we registered at Macy's . People can just buy gifts there 
The Taiwanese won't have time to buy gifts in America . The chat room is more convenient 
You're right . They can discuss what to get and avoid buying the same things 
Or discuss what gifts they could buy together 
Any other ideas 
We can also put a guest book on the website for people to sign and write comments 
And we were going to make a collage for each of us using our baby pictures ..
Yeah , that will be the best part . Jack hasn't seen yours yet , right 
No . He has no idea what a fat little pig I was 
It's time for you to wake up 
Give me five more minutes . I'm really tired this morning 
I'm sorry , but it's time for you to get ready for school 
I get that , but let me just sleep for a little bit longer 
You're not going to get up in five minutes if I let you fall back asleep 
Believe me . I will get up and get ready in five minutes 
There's a lot that you need to do this morning 
I understand , and it will get done after I wake up in five minutes 
I would like for you to not be late for school 
I'm going to be on time today 
Go back to sleep then , but only five more minutes 
Thanks a lot 
Well , how does it look 
It's a perfect fit 
Let me pay for it now 
Cash , credit card , or debit card 
I think I'll use my credit card 
Your signature here , please , and we're finished 
Here's my John Hancock 
Bye-bye . Visit us again soon 
Can you look after my son for me tonight 
I'd be glad to . He's really cute 
Yes , sir 
I hate to complain , but this soup is too salty 
I'm very sorry.sir . I'll ask the manager to take care of this 
I would like to watch the Oscars on tv tonight . How about you 
Yes , I ‘ d love to . it ’ s interesting to see who is considered the best in their field and which film are thought to be particularly good 
I like watching it for the fashion . I like to see what the ladies are wearing . Of course , the men nearly always just wear the traditional tuxedo 
Sometimes the men wear flamboyant colours . Which films do you think will win awards this year 
I ‘ m really not sure . Usually just one or two films look set to sweep the awards ceremony , but this year there are several contenders 
You ’ re right . This year should be much more exciting than usual . What ’ s you favourite award category 
You might think this strange , but I like the category for best foreign language film 
It ’ s nice to see foreign language films making a little impact on Hollywood . I like the best actor and actress 
Excuse me , but could you give me some change 
Let me see . Are dimes and quarters OK 
I want to make a long distance phone call 
Then you'll need small change 
Miss , may I help you 
Yes , I just wondered why the price between the ninth and tenth floor is so different 
It's because of the view 
Oh ! I see . Can you show me the location of Block I 
Sure . Please take a look at the model of the building . Nice Garden has a total of two blocks which are labeled Block I and Block II . Block I has a total of thirty-eighth floors . The thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth are penthouses . There are four units in one floor . The sizes of the units are one thousand square feet and one thousand and five hundred square feet . The size with one thousand square feet has three bedrooms and the biggest size has four bedrooms 
How many elevators are there 
There are three elevators between one hundred and forty-eight units 
How about the car-park space 
There are a total of one hundred and sixty parking spaces on the second and third floor , in which twelve are for visitors and the rest are for residents 
Any other facilities 
Sure , on the fourth floor is a recreation quarter . There are two swimming pools . One is Olympic standard size and the other one is for children . Also , there is a gymnasium for resident members only 
What is the completion date 
The completion date will be July 1st 2007 
How about the price and the bank mortgage 
Please check up the price list . The average unit price is five million Hong Kong dollars . There are eight different banks that will provide a seventy percent mortgage loan . Also , the developer will offer another ten percent mortgage to purchasers 
How many payment methods are there 
It's all written on the brochure price list . I believe there will be one right for you . Please hurry up because almost half of units have already gone 
Thank you . I think I have to talk to the bank representatives . Thank you for your help 
You're welcome 
I decided to go for this kind of life 
Try to keep cool . It's not an easy take 
I know . I always hope for the best and prepare for the worst 
Then you will be in line for a doom 
Good morning , sir . Sorry to disturb you . May I make up your room now 
Yes , please . We ’ re on my way out . You can put up make up sign on . Could you bring us some towels and hangers 
No problems , sir . Everything will be already when you come back 
He has come to life in the end 
Oh , thank God . We all felt frightened by the bad new about him 
Yes . Fortunately , an ambulance passed in the nick of time , and we got him away to hospital 
Right . Unless , who know what will happen 
Wish him to be healthy soon 
Excuse me , professor . I need to go home now 
Is everything OK 
I just feel funny 
What exactly seems to be the matter 
I have a terrible headache 
Do you think that you should go to the Student Health Center 
I already have some medicine at home if I could just get there 
Do you need someone to drive you home 
Thank you , but the bus stops right at my house 
Well , go home and rest up . Make sure you check the website for your assignments 
Hello , 35 .
Is this Ann 
Speaking 
Ann , this is Sam . Look , Ann . I wanna see you again . How about a drink tonight 
I am sorry . I am very tired . I'm going to bed early 
What about tomorrow evening 
No , I ’ m sorry . I'm going to meet some friends tomorrow evening . And I'm in a hurry now 
But Ann .
What would you like to have for dinner ? Chicken or beef 
Chicken , please 
Good choice 
What kind of drinks do you have 
Well , we have all kinds of beverages in addition to fruit juices 
In that case , let me have a glass of orange juice 
Anything else 
I would like to have some tea as well 
Another flight attendant is coming down the aisle with coffee and tea 
I see 
Hey , look over there . It seems that there is something interesting going on . Let's go and have a look 
Sure . It's probably a skiing show . Adam told me there are many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors 
Look at that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that 
Stop all this fuss and enjoy the show 
You are right . But what if an avalanche happened 
They are all great skiers and very experienced . So I suppose the chance for them to be buried by an avalanche is slim 
Anyway , the show is breathtaking . By the way , where did they get so much snow here 
Well , they have the most advanced snowmaking machine 
Do you think the snowmaking may cause pollution 
It's possible 
hi , Lander . What's wrong 
I can hardly make ends meet these days 
same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months 
my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise 
true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities 
definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month 
the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken 
is that inflation 
inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation 
has the government taken some measures to curb it 
yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy 
but I'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy 
you said it . I think we should tighten our budget and cut our spending 
how 
for a start , we can take the public transport to work . You know , running a car is a big expense 
sounds a good idea 
Could you call Mr . Jacob for me , Sara ? I need to go over some stuff with him 
Of course , Mr . Roberts . But , could you tell me his extension number again ? I haven ’ t got all the numbers down yet 
Sure , it ’ s 4-8- 7-2 . Don ’ t worry . You ’ re doing a fine job 
Thank you very much . Mr . Roberts 
Tom ? Oh , it's been a while since we've talked to each other . Nice to hear you again 
Same here . Hey , did you know Susan is going to get married . She invited me to her wedding and she wants you to attend also 
Really 
Definitely . I'm calling to tell you this 
Why didn't she call me 
She tried , but the line is always busy 
Well , I may have stayed on the phone too long . Can you give me her number ? I'll call her later 
Of course . It's 555-4653 
Thanks . So how are things with you 
Pretty good . I've just bought a new house 
Wow ! Great ! Where 
In the suburb . How are you and Carol ? Still living in town 
Yeah , it's really convenient . The theater and Shopping Mall are within walking distance . Well , I got to go . I'll get in touch with you soon 
Okay . Don't forget to call Susan 
Don't worry . Bye 
Do you have desserts 
Yes , we have many kinds of pies and puddings 
Can you give us more information 
Sure . We have lemon pies , apple pies , coffee rum pies and ice cream 
I would like to have the coffee rum pies 
I ’ d like to have this cashed , please 
Please put your name and address here . May I see your passport 
Yes 
How would you like it 
Ten hundreds and Ten Twenties and the rest of small changes please 
Ok , here you are 
What did you say your stop was 
Fifth Avenue 
Oh , then you should have gotten off at the last stop 
I should have 
But don't worry . You can get off at the next stop and walk back . It's not far 
Do you live in the red house at the end of the road 
Yes , I live in that house with my parents and my sister 
We also have a cat and a dog 
Do you take your dog for a walk every day 
No . My father takes the dog for a walk every Monday , Tuesday and Sunday 
And I take the dog for a walk every Wednesday , Thursday and Friday 
Who takes the dog on Saturday 
On Saturday we all go to the park and the dog comes with us 
Do you help with the housework 
My mum and my sister do the housework and cooking but I clean my room 
Excuse me , I'm looking for your casual short-sleeved shirts . Can you tell me where those are 
Right over here , sir . What size do you wear 
Medium 
These here are all mediums 
Thank you . I think I'll take this one , and these pants as well . They're a present for a friend 
Shall I gift-wrap them for you , sir 
Yes , please 
Hi , I think I was supposed to call for my test results today 
If you go onto our website and put in your password , you can access your test results 
Are you saying that there weren ’ t any problems 
I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem 
Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them 
Yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about 
How will I know what the numbers mean 
You can see your results and how they compare to the normal range 
How can I see test results from tests I have taken before 
We put all of your test results up in the same place . Just check the dates for what you need 
When and where were you born 
I was born in Beijing in 1965 
You look so young 
Really ? Thank you 
Elaine ’ s back from school . I think it might be a nice gesture if you asked her out . I suppose she ’ s not good enough for you , is that it 
Look , Elaine Robinson and I do not get along 
How do you know ? You haven ’ t seen her since high school . I guess your evenings , whatever you do with them , are just too valuable 
That has nothing to do with it ..
I guess I ’ ll just have to tell Mr . Robinson that you ’ re too busy every evening – doing God knows what ... God don ’ t go on like this . If you absolutely refuse to take her out ..
I do 
Then I will simply have to invite all the Robinson ’ s over for dinner on Thursday 
Can you tell me a little bit about yourself 
I am a graduate of a technical university and have been employed as a technician with Company or approximately 10 years 
Please explain why you are interested in leaving your current position and please elaborate on your technical skills 
I am looking for a growth opportunity , which I feel is not available at my current employer . In terms of skills , I am Microsoft certified in Windows XP and several other operating system
Where do you see yourself five years from now 
I see myself in a management position 
What's the matter , Lisa ? You don't look too good 
I just found out that my husband is cheating on me 
You mean Mark ? He seems like such an honest guy 
That's what I thought . It seems that he's been seeing someone else for about two months 
Two months ? How did you find out 
I asked for leave and was at home when the telephone rang . I picked it up and a girl asked to talk to Mark . She then asked if I was his sister , and I said no , I was his wife . She hung up immediately 
So you asked him about the girl who called 
Yeah , he first said it was someone from work . He gave me a lame excuse , and so I pressed him on it 
What'd he do 
He kept trying to make stupid excuses , and then broke down and admitted to a small indiscretion 
Indiscretion ? How can an indiscretion last two months ? I mean , you two have been married for two years ! How can he do that to you 
I told him I would divorce him if he wouldn ’ t tell me the truth or end the relationship with her 
Good . I totally agree with what you did 
hi , Natasha , how's life 
great . My family came to visit me 
oh , you must be very happy . How many people are there in your family 
my immediate family is very large . It's my mother , my father , my two older brothers , my younger sister and me 
I have a small family . They are my parents , my younger brother and me 
I thought you were the only child in the family . Didn't China practice the only-child policy in the early 1980s 
yes , it did . But my parents are ethnic minority people . It's a preferential policy for an ethnic minority family to have two children 
interesting . What do you think about families with only one child 
the child must feel very longly . My younger brother is 10 years younger than me . Before he was born , I used to be the only child and always dreamed that I would have a younger sister or brother one da
do you get along well with each other 
yes , we are very close . He is 12 years old and very smart . He always makes us laugh a lot 
you are very lucky to have such a nice family 
thank you 
Hello . Manchester 6739792 
Hello . Is that Nicholas 
Nicholas ? Nicholas Nickleby ? No . He doesn't live here any more . He's moved to Morecambe 
Never ! Do you know his new number 
Yes . I've got it somewhere . Let me see . Where did I put it ? Ah - I remember , it's on the memo . Here it is . Do you have a pen to write it down 
Yes , I do . Go on 
His number's 4945939 
4945939 . Marvellous ! Thanks for your help 
Is that room service 
Yes.what can I do for you 
May I ask for a wake-up call tomorrow morning 
Fine , what time do you want to get up 
6:30 . My room number is 305 
Mr . Lee , I was wondering if you and your wife had plans for next Friday night 
Yes , I think we might be free . What did you have in mind 
I've mailed a formal written invitation to your home inviting you to a dinner party at my home 
That sounds great . Is it casual 
Actually , we thought it would be fun to have a formal sit-down dinner for the holidays 
That sounds good . It will give my wife a chance to dress up 
Yes , we've invited four other couples , so it should be a good mix of people 
That sounds wonderful . Will there be anyone there that I know 
Oh yes , everyone we are inviting is from our company 
Great ! I'll look forward to it . We'll make sure and check the mail for our invitation 
What do you think of the acting of the two main actors in the film 
I consider the hero's acting is inferior to that of the heroine's . don't you agree 
Well , I'm afraid not . I think the hero has much more to be believed in 
Excuse me . Do you know how to get to the mall 
Sure , I used to work there . Go straight for about a mile , then turn left at the light . The mall will be on the right 
Do you know the address 
Yes , the address is 541 Main street 
Can you write it down for me please 
No problem 
Is it faster if I take Highland avenue 
No , that way is longer . There are more stop lights on that street 
I think you're right . Thank you 
Excuse me , do you have any English songs 
Yes , we do . They are all in this book 
Great , thanks 
No problem . Just give us a few minutes more to pull them up , though . We don ’ t get that many English singers 
Oh , I see 
What do you plan to do for your birthday 
I want to have a picnic with my friends , Mum 
How about a party at home ? That way we can get together and celebrate it 
OK , Mum . I'll invite my friends home 
Tom and Helen got married at last 
How did you know that ? I heart Tom ’ s father didn ’ t agree with that 
I was invited to attend their wedding 
It ’ s great . Although his father didn ’ t agree with that , Tom went through with it 
How moving love is 
Why don't you have dinner with me tonight 
I'd love to 
Let's say about 6:00 
That's OK with me 
What are in this folder 
They are reports of our company 
Are they filed alphabetically 
No , they are filed according to dates 
Can you find last month ’ s report for me , please 
No problem , here you are 
Hello , can I help you 
Yes . I ’ m looking for something to wear to a formal party 
What dress size do you wear 
Medium , a woman ’ s size 10 or 12 
This dress is the latest fashion form Paris . It ’ s made of pure silk . And this silk blouse would go with this skirt . Do you like it 
Yes 
Why don ’ t you try it on and see how you feel about it 
That ’ s a great idea . I ’ ll try it on 
How does that feel 
It feels very good 
You look wonderful 
Okay . I ’ ll take it . Thank you very much 
You ’ re welcome 
I am currently the highest bidder for your shirt . I was wondering about the size 
It's a small 
How is the condition ? How old is it 
It has never been worn . It was too small for me so I'm selling it 
Why didn't you return the shirt or exchange it 
I got it as a gift so I couldn't take it back . Good luck ! I hope it will fit you 
Do you play mahjong 
Once in a while 
R :: Good morning . Room Reservations . May I help you 
Yes , I ’ d like to reserve a room 
R :: Thank you , sir . For which date and how many guests will there be in your party 
From April 16th to 20th . Just my wife and myself 
R :: From April 16th to 20th.And which kind of room would you prefer , sir 
A Twin , please 
Could you hold the line please ? I ’ ll check our room availability . ( After a while ) Thank you for waiting , sir . We have a twin room at US $ 180 per night , will that be all right 
Ok , I ’ ll take it 
Thank you , sir . May I have your name and phone number , please 
Sure . May name is Aaron Johnson , and my phone number is 3242-5827 
R :: Mr . Aaron Johnson , phone number is 3242-5827 . Excuse me , how do you spell your first name 
It ’ s double A , R , O , N 
Double A , R , O , N . Thank you , Mr . Johnson . May I know your arrival time on April 16th 
Around 9 p . m 
Mr . Johnson , for the unguaranteed reservation , we can only hold the room by 6 p . m . , because it is the peak season now . If you make a guaranteed reservation , we can hold the room overnight . Would you like to make a guaranteed reservation by credit card 
Fine . Do you accept American Express 
Yes . May I know the number 
It ’ s 134986
Thank you , Mr . Johnson . You ’ Ve made a guaranteed reservation at the Guangzhou xx Hotel , from April 16th to 20th for 5 nights . If you can ’ t arrive as schedule , please inform us before 6 p . m . on April . hank you for calling and we look forward to serving you
That was a nice funeral 
Yes , dad , it was 
The son gave a nice speech about his father 
It was long , too 
I think it was about 45 minutes long 
But it went by fast . It was interesting 
I liked it 
I'll give you a speech like that , too 
Do you think anyone will come to my funeral 
Of course 
I think only the family will be there 
You have lots of friends . They will be there , too 
Excuse me , is this the Guyon Travel Agency 
Yes , sir . What can I do for you 
I want to travel to the ancient town in the south of China . Would you please tell me something about it 
Sure . There's network of canals . And there are white walls , black tiles , small bridges , flowing rivers , flagstones roads , blue sky and white clouds . Few places have preserved the past like this place . Walking on the ancient road makes us back to our sense 
Wonderful . That's just what I expect , where is my first place if I go there 
Zhouzhuang 
How long does the tour take 
It's about two days 
what's the cost 
It's about 300 yuan 
I know . Thank you very much 
That's all right . May you have a good trip 
Thank you 
My pleasure 
The dinner was really good . It knocked my socks off 
That's very kind of you to say so . Let's try some after-dinner wines 
Great . Sweet wines are my favorite . They always make a great finish to a decisions meal 
Do you prefer brandy or ports 
Port , please 
Excellent choice . I love its smooth flavor 
The port is quite exquisite . It must have spent years aging in barrels . Am I right 
Yes . You always have a good nose for wines 
Next time we are about to dinner we should try some Canadian ice wine 
Oh , what's that 
It's made from naturally frozen grapes 
Why not ? It sounds great 
OK , here's to your health 
Thanks . Cheers 
Cheers 
Let's go for a drink after work 
Nothing doing 
I'll be willing to come and talk about the financing of our imports 
It can be solved by drawing a draft on us at 90 days sight 
What about a draft at 120 days sight 
All right . But we demand the draft be accepted by a bank acceptable to us 
A bank's acceptance will add to the costs of our imports . You can rest assured that we will accept the draft and honour it when it comes due 
Then we will be in a position to arrange for a loan from our bank . You know we exports would like to have our investments returned as early as possible 
I hope this transaction will pave the way for further business relations between our two countries 
So do I 
Gosh , it's 7:30 , I'll miss the first class 
Don't get up so late next time . You should have gone to bed earlier last night 
Yes , Mum 
Did you hear who won the English speech contest 
No , who won 
It's George 
Really ? I'm surprised . I didn't know his English was that good 
Hey , look ! They ’ re playing reruns of the 1996 Olympics 
Isn ’ t that Michael Johnson ? I think he set a world record in this race 
He completed the first 200 / 400 double in Olympic history 
Are you sure ? What about Carl Lewis ? He won four golds , didn ’ t he 
Carl won the gold in the 100 , 200 , long jump , and 4x100 relay in 1984 
I like the way Carl runs . He looks more graceful 
Would you mind taking your feet off the table , Mike 
Not at all . But I've found satisfaction in it 
Do you put your feet on your own table 
No , I never do that 
Why not 
I don't want to mark my table , of course 
Well , will you please put them down 
I'm sorry . I thought you wouldn't come back so early 
I forgot something on the table 
Oh , you've got a good memory 
Hello , China Southern Airlines . Can I help you 
Yes , could I make a reservation to New York on July 21st , next Friday 
Sorry , there is no flight available on July 21st 
That's too bad . What's the earliest flight available 
I can give you a reservation on flight No CZ 387 on July 22nd 
What about the fight schedule 
It departs at 12:10 and arrives at 15:10 next day 
Is it a non-stop flight 
Yes 
Sounds good . I'd like to take this flight 
Would you prefer first class or economy class 
Economy class 
And your name , please 
Edward Smith 
Mr . Smith , you can get things fixed through our agencies in Guangzhou . Do remember to bring your passport with you 
Yes , many thanks . Goodbye 
Bye 
Mary and Tom are breaking up 
It's unbelievable ! They are only married for one month . Then who is at fault 
Mary said she couldn't put up with Tom , for he fell in love with another woman 
Do you think they'll become reconciled 
No , I don't think so . She said she would rather be single than cope with an unhappy marriage 
What a shame ! Their marriage is really a mistake 
Betty and I will throw a dinner party this weekend , we ’ d like you to come 
That would be very nice . Only that I ’ ll be a little late . Is that OK 
Sure . We ’ ll be looking forward to that day 
So will I . Thank you 
Hello , so how are we feeling today 
Things are going well for me , Dr . Smith 
Am I correct in thinking that you are here for your annual physical 
Yes , I am applying for new health insurance , and I need a physical examination to qualify 
Your basic physical exam will include lungs , heart , blood levels , and eyes , ears , and nose 
I ’ Ve been having a little trouble breathing . Would you look into that , please 
We can do an allergy test , and later I can send you for an asthma test 
I would appreciate it . When you give me a blood test , what are you looking for 
I am going to check your cholesterol , blood sugar , and white blood cell count 
I am expecting the tests to go well . I have been taking good care of myself 
Good morning sir , I come to fetch me suit 
Sure . May I see your receipt 
Here you are 
That's right . Try it on 
Well , I think the waist is a little tight and the sleeves are too long 
Really ? Let me see 
He has worked five years in that bank 
He must be an experienced accountant 
You said it.Let ' s ask him to work in our bank 
Great minds think alike 
How's the bride-to-be 
Tired and stressed . This wedding is giving me a headache 
Just relax . With me as your maid of honor , everything will be fine 
I'm worried that everything will be chaotic 
Hey ! I'm the tour guide . I'll take care of the Taiwanese guests 
You're going to have to tell them what to do in church , what everything means ..
I will . Don't worry 
I can't find proper parking space 
Let's just park here 
No , there's no parking sign 
Oh , the policeman's coming 
Hey John , did you register for classes yet 
I register this Friday 
What classes do you plan on taking 
I really want to take the communication class , but I don't know if it will be available 
Is that class really that popular 
Yeah . I tried to get in last semester , but it was full by the time I registered 
What other classes are you going to take 
I still need to take English 201 , but I really don't like writing 
I took that class already . There is a lot of writing , but it's not that bad 
Oh really ? Who was the instructor ? There are like 4 different instructors to choose from 
I had Professor Mahoney 
Is he an easy grader 
I'm not sure if he is or not , but I thought he was definitely fair 
Do you mind if I ask you what you got 
Not at all . I got a 3.8 
Well , what did you get in English 101 last year 
I got a 4.0 in that class 
Well , I can't compare to you . I got a 3.1 in English 101 . That means if you got a lower grade in English 201 , it must be harder 
It's not what it appears . I actually tried harder in the 101 class . If I put as much effort into the 201 class , I would have received the same grade 
Oh . That helps . Thanks 
Could I have a word with you 
Sure , what is it 
I am disappointed with your work lately 
I'm sorry . I've been having some problems 
Have you got any hobbies 
Yes . I'm fond of playing the chess and I'm very keen on playing cards 
Which is easier to learn 
Both , but the rules of playing cards vary in different places 
Does she make any sense to you 
No . It's all Greek to me 
She's speaking French , not Greek 
I know that . I mean I couldn't understand her at all 
Me neither . All I have to do is study French hard 
I wish you the best of luck 
Mr . Smith . could you give me your quotation for your bicycle A5 , FOB Qingdao 
Can You tell me how many you want to buy 
100 for immediate delivery , and 500 in two months time.that ' s by the end of July
Well . then , 260 yuan each 
Since this is a sizeable order , I was thinking you might give us a 5 % discount 
I'm afraid we can't go as high as that . You know we usually don't give any discount . but considering the newly established business relationship between us , I could give you 3 % off the list price 
Only 3 % ? That's not much . If you could make some concessions , we would probably buy some of your other products 
OK . OK . I don't want to haggle with you . Let's say , how about 3.5 % 
I think I can accept that 
Have you heard that new song by the Beastie Boys 
Why do you listen to rap 
It's not much different from that heavy metal music you like so much 
Heavy metal music is a lot different from rap music.You can dance to heavy metal 
Hey , you can dance to rap music 
I can't dance to it . And I know you can't either . Because I've seen you try 
Let ' s got out tomorrow night . We can go to a bar and try to find you a girlfriend 
I don ' t think that ' s a good idea . I am just not good with approaching someone and starting up a conversation 
Maybe you just need a few pick-up lines , you know , break the ice 
Pick-up lines don ' t work 
Come on ! You can just walk up to a girl and say “ If you were a booger I \ ' d pick you first . 
What ? Come on ! That ’ s just lame ! No girl would fall for that 
Fine , then you can say , “ So there you are ! I ' Ve been looking all over for YOU , the woman of my dreams ! 
That ' s a good one ! I think that ' s pretty funny 
Yeah , so you make her laugh , you make a fool of yourself a little bit and then you buy her a drink 
Ok , how does this sound , “ I was so enchanted by your beauty that I ran into that wall over there . So I am going to need your name and number for insurance purposes . 
Nice ! Let ' s go 
Are you ready to order now , sir 
Yes , let me have this roast beef special 
You have a choice of vegetables , green peas , lima beans or spinach 
I will have the green peas and make sure the beef is well done 
Yes , sir . What would you want to drink , coffee , tea or milk 
A cup of coffee , please , with cream and sugar 
The cream and sugar are on the table , sir 
Oh , yes 
Would you like to order some dessert 
What comes with the special 
Ice cream , fresh fruit or chocolate cake 
I think I will have a dish of Vanilla ice cream 
Yes , sir 
Waiter , may I have my check , please 
Here you are , sir . Pay the cashier at the door 
How many passengers are there aboard the ship 
Seventy-six , I think 
you're rather energetic today . What's going on 
nothing really . I think I've had a few too many coffees 
free coffee is one of the perks at this place , isn't it 
it's the only perk of this job ! How's your day going 
not that well . I've got that Monday morning feeling today 
why is that 
my boss has been breathing down my neck all day . I can't wait for the weekend 
your boss is a real salve-driver , isn't he 
you can say that again ! He won't even let us check our personal email at work 
that's not just your boss . No one is allowed to send personal emails from the office 
really ? I didn't know that it was against company policy 
maybe your boss isn't so horrible after all 
no , he is . Some bosses will bend the rules a bit sometimes , but not my boss . He always follows the rules to a T 
try not to let it bother you too much 
thanks . I better get back to my work before my boss yells at me again 
ok , I'll see you in a bit 
alright . See you later 
What characteristics should an interpreter own 
I think he should be an expert of everything 
Why is that 
Because English is nothing but a tool which is used when people may negotiate in international conferences , probe into physics , release some information in a press conferrence , and do anything we can do with language . Therefore , an interpreter has to know some expertise in the field he / she serves as an interpreter . Otherwise he / she can not carry out his / her work smoothly 
These days my son has turned his computer into an electronic playground . He plays football , rides horses , drives racing cars , and does a whole bunch of other things on the computer . The funny thing about it is that , no matter what he plays , he always wins first place . I wonder if he'll be able to cope with a defeat in real life 
Don't worry . He'll cross that bridge when he comes to it . My son reads a lot on his computer and uses e-mail to send messages to his friends almost every day . He's really absorbed by the discussions 
That's exactly like my wife . She spends at least two hours a day on the computers discussing things ranging from stock prices to soft-ware standards 
I guess using a computer has a great deal to do with human interaction . Getting in touch with each other must be more fun to your wife and my son than the coolest computer games or the hottest information 
Aren ’ t you going to swim 
Are you kidding ? Don't you know I can't swim 
You are not telling me that we drove 50 miles to come here for just sunbath , are you 
Hey , don't shout . Come here ! Sit closer . Now , Jim , we ’ Ve had a lovely day . Don't spoil it now 
What about your beautiful bathing suit ? We shopped all day . Don't you want to show it off 
Everybody who walks past me sees it . Besides , it's a good sunbathing suit 
All right . Suit yourself . I am going swimming 
Jim 
Yes 
Can you get me a beach umbrella and a deck chair ? I am really tired of lying in thousand 
I've got a better idea . Why don ’ t we hire a boat and go for a ride ? What do you think 
Are you serious ? That will be wonderful 
What should I do when I find a job 
There are a few considerations . Is this a part-time or full-time job 
Does it make a difference 
Basically , you really don ’ t need to do much of anything . On the Continued Claim Form , you will note that you now have a new job and also note what you are earning 
If I get work for a few weeks , will I be terminated from EDD 
You will not mess up your job benefits by taking work . You can always come back and notify EDD that you are once again in need of assistance 
I don't know how John can put up with his son , who fools around without working 
He's out of John's hands . Nothing he can do about such a black sheep 
If I were him , I would give him a good talking-to . I would insist on his stopping fooling around like that 
Nice dress . How do I look ? Be honest 
Hmm ... you look too dressed up . How about this purple top and these jeans 
Well , that top is a little too tight , and those jeans aren ’ t dressy enough . And I don ’ t feel comfortable with that . What do you think , Vicky ? You ’ Ve been very quiet up to now 
Be confident . Wear styles you ’ re going to be comfortable in 
Please give me a piece of ' New York Daily ' 
You are late . The last piece has sold out 
Really ? Is there ' Wall Street Journal ' , please 
There are several , take a piece . The crash appears in the headline . It is famous for offering catastrophe stories 
I have a long flight for ten hours . I need to choose a magazine 
There are various magazines in the rack 
Give me the latest issue of ' National Geographic ' 
That's the top magazine in America and is popular with young people . OK . It is totally 30 dollars 
Here you are 
Have a nice trip 
What can I do for you 
Can I have a look at your handworks 
All right . This way , please 
You have quite a range , haven't you 
Yes , sir 
They are all produced in China , aren't they 
Yes , they are all distinctive Chinese 
Could you please select me one 
How do you like this one ? It's very beautiful 
Oh , I like it very much . How much does it cost 
350 yuan 
OK . I'll take it 
The weather has been terrible this week 
Yeah , I'm worried . If it's like this tomorrow , our big outdoor party will have to be canceled 
Let's hope it clears up 
I'd like to order breakfast , please 
What'd you like , madam 
Two muffins and a cup of coffee.Will it take long 
No , just a few minutes 
How was your date recently 
Not too bad . It is seemingly too hard for me to find a place for our date 
I guess so . Going to watch a movie and having dinner at a restaurant are usual 
She said she wanted to go Dutch in dating 
Yes , now many girls want to be independent , so it is a little popular , especially among white collars 
But I am still traditional , so I felt weird when she paid for herself 
Forget about it 
Are you satisfied with your girlfriend 
It will be a long story . We have many differences , for example , she usually puts all her clothes into washing machine . That is the sort of thing I can not bear 
Professor Li , do you know where to buy art supplies 
For what ? Are you taking up painting 
No . I can't paint . I'm asking for my niece . She is really into it 
Oh , good . How old is your niece 
She is eight . Actually , I'm buying a good set of art supplies for her as a birthday gift 
It's a wise thing to do . Art will do a child a world of good 
Can I help you , sir 
Yes . Fill it up , please 
OK . What kind of gas do you want 
I don't really know . I have just bought this new car . And it's the first time I've gotten gas for it 
We have regular , super , and premium gasoline . This is a new car , so I'd recommend premium 
Premium , please . Thanks . Please fill it up 
All right , sir . You will park at refueling 4 
OK , thanks 
Your car's ready 
Good . How much does it come to 
Ten gallons of premium . That's $ 18.56 , please 
OK . Here you are 
Thank you , sir . Have a nice drive 
Hello , I want to make a reservation for a Qingdao cruise 
When will you set out 
Next week 
OK . There is one on Wednesday 
Good ! How much does the sea view stateroom cost for per person 
Eight hundred yuan 
I see . Does that include fees for shore excursions 
No . It doesn't . But it includes all other on board activities 
Thanks a lot . Give me one ticket , please 
Why don ’ t we go the cinema tonight 
That sounds good but I don ’ t know what ’ s on 
I think there ’ s a very romantic new film starring Hugh Grant . Let ’ s go and see that 
Ok , that ’ s a good idea . Where shall we meet 
Well how about meeting at my place 
That sounds good . I ’ ll call you once I arrive 
Mr . : Hello , Mary 
Hi 
Mr . : I'm Mr . Taylor , and I'm your counselor . I'm going to show you around the school 
OK 
Mr . : Right here is the cafeteria 
It's huge 
Mr . : But not big enough . And here is our computer room 
There must be about 50 computers in here 
Mr . : And over here is our gymnasium 
Do I have to take gym 
Mr . : Just like everyone else 
When were you born may I ask 
On 20th May 1963 
Do you know what it was according to the lunar calendar 
27th day of the fourth month 
By the way , could you tell me when the film will begin 
It will begin at five thirty 
I am frigid I can't be there on time 
You can see it tomorrow 
I don't want to miss it today 
See you 
See you 
My child is often absent-minded in class 
It's all right . Kids are like that 
But if he doesn't listen to the teacher carefully , he won't learn anything 
Don't worry . His teacher will tell him to be good 
I hope so 
Happy birthday , Alice , here is a little something for you 
Thank you very much , David . It's an excellent birthday gift 
I tried to ask the bank teller why it changed , but she didn't speak English well enough.So I decided to go to the magazine shop . The one around the corner.And I bought an American newspaper 
What happened 
It seems that yesterday the Mexican government declared wouldn't pay back the loans it got from the World Bank.The government declared a default on the loans 
That's serious 
I know . The economy here is having serious problems.But because the government declared a default , the currency value went way down 
So now Mexican pesos are worth about half as much 
Yes , it's an amazing drop 
Wow . I feel sorry for the Mexicans . But it's good for us 
Yes , it's very good . We suddenly have twice as much money to spend here.Our hotel is now half as expensive as when we got here ! Isn't that strange 
Yes , and you know what 
What 
I don't really like this hotel that much.So tonight , now that we are so rich , tonight why don't we stay in the most expensive hotel in town 
Why not ? We should do it . Because now we can afford it 
Good morning.My name's Pat Green 
Good morning.Mr.Green.My name is Helen.What can I do for you 
I read in the poster that you're looking for a student to work as a language assistant 
Yes.Are you interested in the job 
I think so.But before I apply , could you tell me more about the work 
Have you eve worked with tape recorders before 
I used cassette recorders a lot when I studied English in high school 
Good.There are many different kind of language labs , but ours is a small one.If you decide to take the job , I'll explain how to operate the system , Are you sure 
How many hours would I work a day and what's the pay 
Ten hours a week.From Monday to Friday , from 4 to 6 P . m . , and $ 150 a week 
OK , I'll take it 
Fine.Please fill out the application form 
Hi there , Mr Brown . Are you depositing or withdrawing today 
Sorry to say it , but neither of those . I'm here to close our account with you . The market around here has been dropping for a while now , and it's just not sensible for us to stay 
I understand . So , what would you like to do with the balance 
I guess I should just withdraw everything 
215,000 RIB is the exact balance . If you could just sign your name here 
Here you go . That's everything , then . Thanks very much for your service over the years 
Hi , Zina . Lots of people are looking for you 
Like who 
Like Elvin . He isn't too happy about what you promised Stars.com 
I've got it under control 
You do realize that it isn't humanly possible for us to finish by next week 
What if you had three more top-notch programmers to help you 
That would definitely make a difference . But Vince already said no 
So , did I tell you about my New Year ’ s resolution ? I ’ Ve decided to go on a diet 
And you ’ re going to completely transform your eating habits , right 
Exactly ! I ’ m going to cut out all that junk I eat . no more chips , no more soda , no more fried food 
I ’ Ve heard this one before 
But this time I ’ m going to stick to it . I really mean it ! Trust me , Carol , I ’ m going to be a new man in one year ’ s time 
Well , I guess we ’ ll just have to wait and see 
Thanks , honey , that was a great meal . I ’ m stuffed . Do we have any chips left 
Waiter , bill , please 
Yes , I'll be with you in a minute . Here's your bill , sir . It's 480 yuan altogether 
What's this for 
That's for the wine 
I see 
Would you like to put it on your hotel bill 
Yes . please 
Your name and room number , please 
Bill Black , Room 1201 
May I have a look at your room card , Mr . Black 
Sure . Here it is 
Hi , I'm checking in . The last name is Rama 
Yes , here is your reservation . You have a standard room reserved for two nights . Is that right 
Actually , no . It should be a suite . I had booked a non-smoking king 
Oh , my mistake . The reservation is for a suite and it is a non-smoking room with a king bed . I'm sorry for the error 
That's okay . I'm here a little early . Is it possible to check in right now 
Sure , that's no problem . May I have your credit card ? We need a credit card on file for your room charges and incidentals 
Here it is 
Okay , now if you could please verify the room rate here , initial next to the X , and sign right here . How many keys will you need 
Oh , just one 
Okay , you're all set . You're in room 1201 . Take the elevators to the 12th floor and it will be on your left . Do you need any help with your bags 
No , I'm fine . Thanks 
Enjoy your stay 
Are you listening to me , Dan 
I'm with you , Jane 
What did I just say 
Well , uh ... I didn't catch the last part 
Just what I thought 
What are your hobbies , Mr . Green 
I like collecting stamps 
But it's an expensive hobby , isn't it 
Yes , you're right . What do you like to do in your spare time 
I usually play chess with my friends . But I like playing basketball best 
Do you play basketball well 
No , I'm not very good at it . I play just for the fun of it 
Shall we have a game together some day 
OK , that'd be very nice 
Bob ! Your eyes look bloodshot . Did you not sleep well 
I had a drop too much last night . I attended a banquet given by a Chinese colleague of mine . And it was startling for me to find that people are forced to drink against their will on a Chinese table 
you have it right . Alcohol is a medium for communicating emotion in China . Drinking with business partners or would-be friends is a way of solidifying friendship , especially in Northern China 
I just felt embarrassed if I refused to drink when people toasted to me . But if I keep gulping down one cup after another , I'm afraid I would feel unfit or sick 
you lose face by refusing to drink , and the host might think you refuse to give him face . The right thing to do seems to be drinking yourself into incoherence until you throw up . This will endear you
a few guys even threw a drunken fit last night , crying hoarsely and bawling whole heaps of nonsense that I never understood 
then he must be opening his heart to the friends . In a word , as long as you demonstrate a readiness to drink more in spite of already suffering extreme discomfort , no one will jeer at you 
I got you . Next time . I'll preface a toast with a statement like ' I can't drink any more ' and then drink anyway 
Hi , Jane . How are you doing this morning 
I ’ m all right , thanks . Just a little tired 
Late night 
Yeah , I got home around two 
Are you there , Mary 
I'm back . My bid on the Buddha is still the highest 
How much is my stamp 
Don't you want to hear more about my statue 
Don't get ahead of yourself . Fat boy isn't yours yet 
His name is not fat boy ! You can be so rude sometimes 
Hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe 
I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year 
Oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions 
We should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air 
Wonderful ! I think that's a great idea How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait 
Tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday 
Perfect . I'II start preparing tomorrow . If we re going to drive , l'II need to fill up the tank 
No need . I think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . It would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , you know 
We can take the train , that will be faster . I'II book the tickets tomorrow morning 
Great ! Oh , one more thing , don't forget to check the weather before we go . I'd hate to get caught in the rain 
No problem . I'm really looking forward to the coming week 
Me , too . Now let's make a list for what we need to with us 
Something's wrong with my computer 
Exactly what 
All I get is a black screen 
What's the matter 
I think I know , because this happened before 
What happened before 
My hard drive crashed 
Oh , no . That's bad news 
It sure is , but I'm going to call HP first , just to make sure 
Will you lose all your files 
No , I always back up my files 
You're smart 
Okay Rebecca , well I think you ’ Ve given me a clear impression of your positive qualities , but let ’ s talk a little bit about your weaknesses 
Okay , well it ’ s always more difficult to describe them isn ’ t it 
Definitely , but if you had to pinpoint one weakness what would it be 
Well as I mentioned before , I do tend to get frustrated if I don ’ t see progress in my work or career . I suppose I ’ m quite a restless character . My father always taught me to be a high achiever so 
So would you say if things don ’ t go your way at work it could easily get you down 
Well , in a way yes . But I must say that even if I ’ m not completely happy in my work I always give 110 % I would never shirk my responsibilities . I suppose sometimes I expect too much too soon 
Well , you know journalism is a highly competitive world , so you do need to keep pushing yourself it ’ s true . Okay , well let ’ s move on to talk about the job position here , shall we 
Yes , please 
Hello , Could you please connect me to Mr . Cook's office ? It is on Line Three 
I'm afraid you've got the wrong extension number 
Oh . Then I don't know what his number is . Can you check it for me 
OK . Hold on , please 
OK . Thank you 
Mr.Cook is on Line Six . I'll put you through 
Thank you . You helped me a lot 
You are welcome 
There are many art craft items in this shop . I suggest you take your time , and you might find something you like 
That's what I am going to do 
If you have any problem , please come to me 
I surely will . How much is this wood carving 
You are an expert on it . That wood carving is very rare . But I'm so sorry . that is not for sell 
That's OK . Is anything else recommended 
Do you have any special request 
I'd like to see some traditional arts 
So that means you are shopping for presents 
Yes , I'm just here to pick out some special presents for my foreign friends 
Actually , I think the paper-cuts is OK , because it is easy to carry and foreign friends are also interested in it . They think that is a miracle 
Sounds good . I'll take paper-cut 
I have collected different kinds of paper-cuts all over the country , you can pick the one you like best 
You collect them yourself ? I think that you are just doing the wholesale 
As a matter of fact , I open the shop because I'm interested in the arts . I spent lots of time doing research on the folk art of our country 
Wow , you are the expert on it 
Hello ! Let me introduce myself . My name is Nancy 
Nice to meet you , I'am Seven . I don't think I ' Ve seen you around before 
No , I just started working here at IBM , I am assigned sale department 
What do you do there 
I main market reasearch , and you 
I ' Ve beaning worked IBM for years . I am vested personnel file system , He is the after sale survise director . he such a nice boss , I like working for him 
Really ? I don't believe I would met him , is he here now 
Yes , That's him over there-the taller , handsome one . Would you let me introduce you 
Thanks , that's would be lovely . You'r right , he is kind and nice looking 
I'd like to get my laundry 
Yes , sir . May I have your laundry ticket please 
Here you are 
Yes , they're ready to go 
Can you sew on these buttons 
No problem 
How much for the shirts 
10 dollars 
Here's the money , keep the change 
Thank you , bye 
You ’ re new here , right 
Yes , I am 
Will this be your first year 
No , I transferred here 
What school did you come from 
I transferred from PCC 
Why ’ d you transfer here 
I wanted to attend this school originally , but my grades out of high school weren ’ t good enough 
Is PCC a good school 
PCC is great 
I hope you enjoy it here 
Thank you very much 
What are your weekend arrangements 
There're many things I can do on weekends 
What sort of things are you interested in 
I'm keen on talking short trips to nearby scenic spots . More often than not , I go with some of my friends . By the way , what are your favorites 
I love swimming and cycling . On Sunday morning I have swimming practice for an hour . In the afternoon , I just ride my bike around the city or along the country roads for almost two hours 
That's great ! I think they do you a lot of good . Where do you swim 
Mostly in the city's swimming pool . But on occasion , I go to the beach with friends . Well , what do you do at leisure 
I'm fond of dancing 
Good.You really know how to enjoy yourself 
Did you order the cake 
Oh , I forgot 
Get on the phone right now . It might not be too late 
I ’ m so sorry ! OK , so you just want a simple message on it 
Yeah . How about “ Happy Birthday Tony , from the gang . 
I ’ m on it 
Can your dog do any tricks 
Sure he can . He can shake hands , roll over , and even play dead 
I wish I had a dog . My cat can't do any tricks 
Yeah , but sometimes Bingo wants to play with me , but I don't have time 
So who takes care of him then 
My little brother likes to play with him . He even gives him a bath every week 
I can't do that with my cat . She hates water 
You know , you're right . Maybe you should get a dog 
I often go to a place of leisure 
Really 
I very much like to go to a cafe and doze in the afternoon sunshine 
Sounds great 
The coffee , books , music and sunshine are just beautiful there 
How nice 
I may take you there some day 
Good 
Let's go to the animal shelter 
What do you want to do 
I want to get a puppy for my son 
That will make him so happy 
I'll get him one of those little dogs 
One that won't grow up too big 
And eat too much 
Do you know which one he would like 
Oh , yes , I took him there yesterday . He showed me one that he really liked 
I bet you had to drag him away 
He wanted to take it home yesterday 
I wonder what he'll name it 
I was wondering if you could help me with something 
Sure , anything you say 
Actually , it ’ s a little bit silly 
Don ’ t worry about it , just ask 
What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes 
You need to know the type of shoes you want 
Don ’ t worry about that . I can point it out in the store 
The shoes can be comfortable or not comfortable , too wide , too narrow , or just right ; and long or short . In girls shoes , the heel can be high or low 
Let me write all that down . I ’ m going shopping this afternoon 
Don't be shy . Have some more chicken 
Thanks 
Hi . I ’ m here to catch flight 513 to New York 
May I see your ticket please 
Here you are . Do you need to see my passport 
Any form of picture I . D . will do 
Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ’ s license . Is that ok 
That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it 
Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me 
Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today 
Yes , One suitcase . I also have a carry-on bag 
Ok . Mr . Lee , you ’ re all set . Your flight leaves from gate 10 . Boarding begins at 10:30
Oh , George , what a beautiful day it is today ! The sun is hot and there are just a few clouds scattered here and there ! What a perfect day to be at the beach ! The kids are going to have so much fun ! A
It does seem like the perfect day ! I ’ m glad we chose to get out of the city and enjoy the nice weather ! This looks like the perfect spot ! Ok kids , put on your sunscreen while your mom and I set up ca
There we go . Can you help me with the umbrella ? Perfect 
Ok kids , here ’ sa beach ball and a Frisbee , a pail and a shovel . I want to see an impressive sandcastle by the time we leave . Don ’ t stray too far . Wait ! Leave your sandals here or put on your wet shoes
And stay in the shallow area . I don ’ t want to see you go any farther than that sandbar ! It ’ s too deep out there and we didn ’ t bring your floatier 
You ’ re back already ? The water was too cold , huh ? I ’ ll tell you a secret . Do you see that small pool of water over there ? It ’ ll be warmer in there . Go see if you can find some seashells or catch some
What is that ? A jellyfish ? Jeremy , put that down right now ! It could sting you 
Ah ! Not on me ! Ow 
Come on , Mary . We have to do the laundry 
Where are we going 
Down to the basement 
Do you have a washer down there 
Yes . We have a dryer , too 
That's so convenient . Where are the dirty clothes 
They are in the basement already 
But I didn't see you carry them down 
Don't you know that we have a laundry chute in the house 
Would you like to go to the movies tonight 
Well , I just saw a horror movie last night . It almost frightened me to death 
Well , we could see something different like a detective film 
I don't care for a detective film . It also makes me nervous 
How about a comedy 
No , I don't think comedies today are natural or cheerful 
How about a love story then 
No , romance is boring 
What's you opinion 
Let's go to see a war movie , shall we 
Really 
Certainly . Is there anything wrong 
No , but I can't imagine that a girl like you would wonder to see a war movie 
Hello . 9-1- 1 . Can I help you 
I need the police 
What happened 
My neighbor hit my brother on the head . He ’ s bleeding 
Give me your address 
176 Wooden Street East 
All right . The police and an ambulance are on the way . In the meantime , find a clean cloth and press it firmly over the wound . This will slow the bleeding 
I will , but please hurry 
Help will be there in just a few minutes 
I ’ m going to the beauty parlor . Do you want to come too 
Sure . Let ’ s go . What are you going to have done 
I want to have a foot massage and a haircut 
A foot massage sounds like a great idea . They are very relaxing . I ’ d also like to have mudpack on my face . It ’ s supposed to help with your complexion 
Good idea . We should also get pedicures and manicures 
This could become a very expensive trip to the beauty parlor 
I think it ’ s a good idea to pamper yourself occasionally . Don ’ t you agree 
Oh , I agree . We both work hard and a little beauty treatment can relieve stress 
Maybe we should try a thai massage too 
What ’ s special about a thai massage 
That ’ s when the masseuse walks on your back and massages you with her feet 
Sounds painful 
Hello , Mr Brown . I'm glad you came in today ; we've just opened a new service that you might be interested in . It's called Bank Securities Link 
And what does that entail 
It's actually a Deposit Account that links to your Margin Account , the one you have with the Securities Company . You can transfer the money you have in your account into your Fund Account 
How can I do that 
You can use your Deposit Book or your Credit Card . And of course , you can use our e-banking 
It's been a long time , Mrs , Lee 
Yes . I went to Hawaii on a vacation with my husband 
When did you come back ? Did you have a good time 
We came back the day before yesterday . I enjoyed myself there very much . The beach is beautiful . You should go there some day . The sun was lovely , too 
I will . How would you like your hair today ? The same style as usual 
I have a special party tonight , and I'd like to change my style . Actually , I ’ m thinking about a perm . My sister is getting married next month . I think that if I have a perm now , I'll look very natural by then . What do you say 
That's true . Here are some samples of hairstyles . What do you think about this one 
No , I don't like short hair . I like this one . The wave looks beautiful , and it fits my age too 
Very well . You aren't in a hurry , are you 
No , you can take your time . Oh , I also want a manicure while I am having the perm 
Ok . The manicurist will be right here 
Thank you . How much will this cost 
It's 90 dollars in all 
Two number 3s , please 
All right . What would you like to drink 
Diet Coke 
Regular or large 
Regular , please 
OK . Anything else 
No , thanks 
For here or to go 
For here 
Are you going to tell me about the stamp , or not 
120 British pounds . But there are still three days left in the auction . If you want it , you'll have to bid . Do you have the guts 
I'm just asking . It's not like I'd actually make a bid 
Just don't come looking to me for help 
Don't worry . I won't 
I'm signing off 
Have fun getting ripped off 
Is there any cable for the Internet 
Yes 
How much do I need to pay for it 
Nothing . The landlord pays 
Is there a mailbox in the apartment 
Yes . Each apartment has one 
Are there any parking lots for the tenants 
Yes . But you need to pay $ 60 for it each month 
Is there an alarm system in the apartment 
Yes . We set up the new alarm system a few months ago 
Who will take responsibility for the heating system if it has a problem 
Of course we do . It is the landlord ’ s responsibility 
Are smoke detectors provided 
Yes 
Good morning , Madam . What can I do for you 
Can you show me some traditional Chinese arts and crafts 
Maybe sandalwood fan is good 
Would you show me some 
Of course 
They really smell fragrant . How much is a real sandalwood fan 
The small ones are one hundred yuan for each . And the big ones are two hundred and thirty yuan 
I'll take two small ones and a big one 
What else are you interested in 
I'm afraid not 
OK . Here you are 
How are you doing today 
Good . Thanks for asking 
What may I do for you 
I need help with something 
What do you need help with 
I am looking for a newspaper article 
Have you looked in the periodicals 
I didn ’ t even think about that 
I can show you where they are 
That would be a lot of help 
Follow me , please 
Thank you so much 
We have a class outing today 
Have fun 
Trina , will you marry me 
Yes ! Yes ! And yes ! Jared , of course I ’ ll marry you 
Oh , Babe , I can ’ t wait to spend the rest of my life with you ! I can ’ t wait for all the adventures we ’ re going to have , for all the fights and the laughter . I can ’ t wait to grow old and wrinkly with you 
Oh , Jared ! I can ’ t wait for our wedding ! I hope you don ’ t mind , but I ’ Ve already chosen a date ! Six months from now in the summer ! Melissa saw you buying the ring last month so I ’ Ve had plenty of time to start planning 
She what 
Oh don ’ t worry , sweetie , I didn ’ t know when you were going to propose . It was still a nice surprise ! As I was saying , I ’ Ve got it all planned out . There ’ s almost nothing left to do ! I wrote up our guest list and we will have roughly four hundred guests attending 
Four hundred 
No need to sweat it . My parents agreed to pay for most of the wedding , which is going to be low-budget anyway . So roughly four hundred people , which means that the hall at Northwoods Heights will be our reception venue . I thought it would be nice if we had the wedding at your parents ’ church and my uncle of course would be officiating . We ’ ll meet with him soon for some pre-wedding counseling . The music for the wedding ceremony was a no-brainer . My step-sister and her string quartet will take care of that . My cousin will be the official photographer . I thought it would also be nice if his daughter could sing a solo . Did you know that she ’ s going to be a professional opera singer 
Ah ..
And then of course the ladies at the church would love to be our caterers for the banquet and we ’ ll get the Youth Group to serve us . I was thinking that your friend ’ s band could be our entertainment for the night . though they might have to tone it down a bit . Or we could hire a DJ . Your sister ’ s husband could get us a discount with that company that does the decor at weddings . what ’ s their name again ? I was thinking that we could have an island paradise-themed wedding and our theme color would be a soothing blue like Aquamarine . And there will be a huge seashell on the wall behind the podium where we ’ ll make our toasts ! What do you think of small packages of drink mixes for our wedding favors ? Who else am I missing ? Oh , your uncle could be our florist and his wife could make our wedding cake 
Wow 
See ? It ’ s going to be wonderful ! Oh this wedding is going to be everything I ever dreamed of 
If I survive the next six months 
My goodness ! You ’ re kidding 
No . I ’ m serious . I ’ m going to quit my job 
That ’ s amazing ! You got a good pay here , didn ’ t you 
It ’ s true . But I can ’ t show my abilities 
Come on ! Don ’ t be silly 
Your present job is something better . Why do you change 
Well . How do you know 
Haven't seen you for a long time
I've been away on a vacation 
I bet you had a wonderful time
Yeah , beautiful sunshine , pleasant scenery and many new friends
Sounds great
That's a cool jacket . Where did you get it 
I bought it when I was on vacation in Nepal 
Whoa . Now I'm awake ! Zina has a secret admirer 
I really do not have time to deal with some lovesick computer geek 
I know what you mean . I can't stand computer geeks 
Sorry , Dave , I didn't mean you . I am just not in the mood for this . I have work to do 
Who do you think it is 
Bob , you're so lucky that you've come at the right time-the 2005 International Tourism Festival is around the corner 
We've heard about that festival before . It would be quite helpful if you could give us some highlights of the festival 
My pleasure . Well , the festival is going to start on the third Saturday of October , and covers over one hundred diverse programs in one month 
What do you think we can see during the festival 
I don't know what to suggest . There're so many attractions , and they all sound interesting . One exciting program might be the Ten Thousand People Cycling round the Town . You can choose from the five routes that lead to different destinations 
I'd like to take the one that goes to the Wild Animal Park 
Then you can take Route No . 5 . Next I would suggest the International Dragon Boat Race where you can watch Lion Dance , Dragon Boat racing , and many other water shows 
Wow , must be interesting to watch dragon boats compete a-gainst one another on the city river 
Can you deliver it , please 
It depends where you live , sir 
In Camden Town 
Yes , we deliver there . But it costs two pounds fifty 
All right . But I'm only in on Saturday 
Morning or afternoon 
Afternoon , please , if that's possible 
Where is our son , dear 
He is in his bedroom . He has been in a bad mood after school 
What happened ? Have you talked with him 
Yeah . He told me that he has passed over in the election of monitor 
I'm glad we took the train . I don't like to ride in buses 
Yes , I agree . We can see the scenery better . In a bus , all you see are the roads 
Even in Taiwan , I always liked to take the train . It is more comfortable 
I agree . Buses bounce too much . After two or three hours , you feel too tired 
Look at that village 
Beautiful 
Do you think I can take a picture through this window 
I don't know if it will turn out good.The window might cause the picture to be blurry 
I was just thinking to call you , then the phone rang and it was you calling me 
Great minds think alike 
Hey , look at my new shirt . What do you think about it 
Just so-so . Where did you get it 
I bought it on a street market . A real bargain 
I'd much rather buy expensive but good quality clothing , because it is not only nice but lasts a long time 
Well , it was nice talking to you 
It was nice talking to you too 
We should really hang out again 
That would be fun 
Where do you want to go 
I think we should go out to eat 
That sounds good 
All right , so I'll see you then 
I'll call you later 
Okay , I'll talk to you later then 
See you later 
Bye 
What's up , how are you 
I'm splendid . How about yourself 
Could be better 
So , have you been on the bus very long 
I got on about fifteen minutes ago 
How often do you ride the bus 
I usually just drive 
You have your own vehicle 
Yes , I have my own car 
So then , why don't you drive it 
I'm waiting for our President to lower the gas prices 
Smart 
Unfortunately , according to our regulations I have to confiscate these counterfeit notes 
So , this 500 RIB is worthless 
I'm sorry but it is our regulation , so I must follow it . We will issue you with a receipt to show that the notes you presented us with are counterfeit and have been confiscated . Then , if you wish to pay in some more cash , you are free to do so 
Right , I see . Let me give you another 500 RIB 
Here's your Passbook back and the receipt to say we confiscated the 500 RIB worth of counterfeit notes 
Thanks . Now can I make the full deposit 
Yes . Please fill in a new deposit slip and we can continue 
Sam , what shall I do with my stocks ? Will I lose money 
There ’ s a possibility 
What do you mean by that 
I mean if you don ’ t sell your shares now , it ’ s quite likely that you ’ ll end up losing your shirt 
Is that so 
Absolutely . Take my word for it 
Ah , ah , ah ..
All right , Bill.Here ' s your daily exercise schedule . You are to jog before breakfast 
Jog 
Then , you are to walk to work 
Walk 
Thirty minutes in gym at lunch time 
Oh no 
Use the stairs , never the elevator 
Oh , dear 
And three times a week , you can either swim , play racketball , or hand ball 
Oh no 
OK , you can stop now.It ' s time for the dance class 
Dance class ! I don't know how 
You will 
Oh ..
Come on , Let's go for lunch , Gregory 
I was going to eat in , I'm short on cash 
Don't worry about it.It ' s on me 
In that case , I'm with you . Em.this is good 
I agreed , Hi , guess what ? I went bungee jumping last weekend 
Are you on the up and up 
Definitely . you know , I'm into serious sport in a big way 
If you asked me , you've got a screw loose somewhere 
come off it , It's not that serious . You should DIY ( do it yourself ) sometime 
Fat chance , I'm too scared of bungee jumping 
No , really , I think you'd like it . I adapted to it right off the bat 
What did that have to do with me ? I'm not the self-seeker like you 
I can teach you how 
I had a sneaking suspicion about you , Eric , I think you've lost it 
No , not really , but I think I have lost my wallet . Where can it be 
Hello , Is this room service 
Yes , May I help you 
This is the room 1425 , we asked for the room service an hour ago 
we are very sorry to cause you a lot of inconvenience 
What's the matter 
We're rather busy right now . It will take another 15minutes
Is it really going to take that long , will you rush the order 
I'm afraid it will take 15 minutes at most 
ha , well , we have no choice 
Have you heard that we will have reorganization 
No , really 
Yes , flexible , aggressive and creative people are urgently needed in the marketing department 
Who will be there 
James is going to be packed off there 
That is good . He can leave you alone this time 
Red restaurant . Do you want to make a reservation 
Yes , I'd like to book a table for two this evening 
At what time 
7:30 . By tho way , I would like a table next to the window 
No problem , sir 
Good afternoon.can I be of any assistance to you 
Yes , I am looking for a suit 
Here are the suits . Which one would you like 
Can I have a black one over there 
Did you bring some lunch with you 
Yes , I packed it myself 
Wow , that looks beautiful 
It's my health-conscious lunch , good for my health and beauty 
I might try it myself 
Ok ... I ’ ll talk to you later . Bye
Carrie , are you ok ? You seem a bit down 
I just got off the phone with my boyfriend . He is always getting upset and losing his temper over nothing . It ’ s so hard to talk to him at times 
Maybe it ’ s just that he is stressed out from work or something . He does have a pretty nerve wracking job you know 
Yeah but , he is always in a really foul mood . I try to find out what ’ s bothering him or get him to talk about his day but , he always shuts down and brushes me off 
Men are like that you know.They can feel nervous , anxious or on edge and the only way they can express it is by trying to hide it through aggressiveness 
I guess you are right . What do you think I should do ? He wasn ’ t always this grouchy you know ..
Talk to him , try to cheer him up when he is down and if that doesn ’ t work , I say get rid of him and get a new one 
You are something else you know that 
Thank you for lending me the book 
Sure . But it's a very difficult one , you need to have a dictionary at your elbow 
But I'm not used to looking up every new word when I'm reading a novel . I only look up the most necessary ones 
How is Tom now 
He's out of the hospital and up and about again at last 
Let's congratulate him on Sunday 
May I help you 
Yes , I'm looking for a job as a clerk typist in English 
I'm Mary Kelly . May I ask your name 
My name is B . How are you , Miss Kelly 
I'm glad to meet you , Mr . Zhuang . Sit down , please 
Thank you , Miss Kelly 
What are your qualifications for being a clerk typist 
I can type 120 words a minute and I take shorthand at 80 words a minute 
Would you be willing to take a typing and shorthand test 
Yes , I would 
( After testing ) Your typing and stenography are pretty good . Would you be interested in applying for the job 
Yes , I'd like to give it a try 
All right . You need to have an interview with our manager , Mr . McBride . Let's go to his office 
The summers are so great here ! Not hot at all . I love the cooling breezes , the clear air , all the greenery 
This really has been a wonderful holiday for us . Shall we take a walk around the pond or into those woods for a while 
Let's do both ! Are we in a rush or anything
No , not really . I had thought we'd stay in Hamburg tonight , but we can't unless we rush it . Let's stay in Bremen instead . Tomorrow we can have lunch in Hamburg , then check into a hostel in Copenhagen and have dinner there 
Sounds fine to me . Whatever , let's enjoy this pond first 
Sure . We can walk around to that path that leads into the woods there . Hey , look ! There are some wild ducks over there in the reeds 
I see them ! Wow ! How do you know they're wild 
I used to go hunting with my uncle , that's how 
They're neat . Now Let's take that path into the woods and see what we can see ..
Do you think I should turn down his offer 
Yes , it's the correct thing to do 
But we may not get another partner 
Even so , we can't do business with him.he ' s not reliable 
Excuse me.We ordered too much.May we take the food home 
Yes , surely 
Do we have to pay extra charge for that 
No , you don't . It is free of charge 
Well , then , will you put this and that into doggie bags 
Yes , certainly.Would you wait for a few minutes 
Thanks.Would you do me another favor 
Yes , what is it 
Some more Chinese tea for us , please 
Sure . I'll be back in a minute 
I was thinking of holding the company retreat in the mountains 
I agree , I think that that would be perfect 
I was thinking it could take place sometime in January 
That might be a little too cold for some people 
Yes , you are right 
What about April ? April has good weather that isn't too cold or too hot 
Yes , that would work out better 
You know , maybe we could take a survey to see how that works for everyone 
Good idea ! We'll have to get right on it 
Fine ! Well , I'll get right on it now 
Office software like Windows might be one of the best inventions in this information age . It saves us from so much work and makes the communication even around the world much easier 
Fully agree . I do enjoy the convenience though I am still a beginner in using Excel . The latest office equipment is more type-functional . It combines fax machine , copy machine and printer in one . It saves a lot of place , one machine instead of three 
Yes , this machine is even smaller than those before 
When will we get one of those 
You know our boss always trying to save the last penny . We have to use up the equipment first 
how do you usually spend your day , now that you ’ Ve retired 
well , I nearly always get up at dawn . I don ’ t like sleeping in late . The days are longer in summer that in winter , so I get up in summer . I usually do some exercise when I get up 
what do you have for breakfast 
I usually have cereal , but sometimes I cook a traditional English breakfast 
that sounds nice . How do you spend your mornings 
I usually do housework in mornings . I go shopping occasionally . I like to do all my shopping in one bag trip to the supermarket . I always drive to the big supermarket in the city center . It takes about
how do you spend your afternoons 
I usually meet some friends and we play sports together or I might spend some time alone on my hobbies . I spend winter evening watching tv , but I spend summer evening at cultural events if I have time
What sort of job would you like to take 
I prefer a sedentary job and I used to work as an operator 
We need an operator now 
It's just the job I've been searching for 
It was good to see you here , John 
Happy to see you-too-Mike.How ' s your family 
Pretty good.Thank you 
Welcome to Lincoln Bank . Are you a new customer 
Yes , I am . I opened an account with you about a month ago , but today I'm here to see about a loan of some kind 
I see . As you don't have a long history with us , we will have to check your credit rating with your previous bank before we can promise any loan to you 
Yes , that's fine . My credit is good ; I banked at my former bank for many years 
May I ask why you decided to switch your account to us 
Haha ! Actually , I felt that your array of services is much better than what my old bank had on offer . Plus , I've got plenty of friends who bank with you and they are extremely happy 
We always welcome new business . If you can give me the details of your former bank , including your account number we can begin 
I have everything right here . I'll let you go through that and come back . I'd like to have a good read of your materials to make sure I make the right choice 
what do you think of studying abroad 
I think it's a great idea . Studying abroad will offer you plenty of new opportunities . Are you planning on going abroad 
yes , I hope so . I am studying for my BELTS right now 
which country do you want to go to 
I'd like to study in the UK , but it's really expensive 
have you applied to any schools there 
yes , I received a conditional offer from Oxford University a few days ago 
congratulations ! That's excellent news ? What do you have to do to get an unconditional offer 
I have to get an BELTS score of 7.5 overall . Do you think I can do that 
if you study hard , I don't see why you wouldn't . Have you received any other offers 
I was also accepted into Yale University , and Sydney University 
if you're worried about money , the cost of living is lowest in America . However , if you go to Oxford University , you'll probably be able to get any job you want in the future 
I just can't decide where to go . It's not an easy decision to make 
if I were you , I'd apply for some scholarships and grants before you decide . Whatever you do , I know you'll succeed 
Would you do me a favor 
I'd be glad to . What is it 
How are you , Mr Wilson ? I am Tina 
Glad to meet you , Mrs.Tina 
Please have a seat . I know our employment of forcer has already given you the information about your employee contract , but I'd like to go over the main details again before signing . First , you'll be getting a monthly salary , with one month paid vacation after one year of service 
That's what I understand 
You'll be covered by our medical plan while on duty.Since you'll be middle management , you're expected to be available up to 1.5 hours past normal working hours.Any approved time over that will be paid at time and a half , which you can take as salary or time off 
Exactly my understanding 
A reasonable number of sick days will be covered by the company.Any extended illness will be covered by insurance.Have you read the other terms of the contract 
Yes , I have 
Do you have any other questions 
Just one . I noticed an item about flex-time.Is that a possibility for me 
Yes , it is , but you'll have to discuss the details with your manager 
That's acceptable 
Good.Now , if you'll just sign here , you can start work in 3 days 
Good morning . Can I help you 
Yes . Do you have any seats available on a flight for Beijing leaving at 15
Sure we do . First-class or economy 
One economy , please 
Jack , I think it's best that I actively ask for the results of interview 
That's a good idea ! So you don't need to worry about it 
I think so , too . What do you think about that I write a letter of inquiry to the company 
It's OK . You could send an email to the employer via the internet 
Good idea . It is convenient and fast 
You could inquire about the results directly , but should be politely 
Certainly 
I think the letter of inquiry should be written briefly . If it's too long , I'm afraid the employer won't have time to read it 
I think that about one hundred words are enough 
After you send the letter of inquiry , you should pay close attention not to miss any reply 
OK , I know now 
Hello . Front desk . How can I help you 
Good evening . Is the kitchen open now 
I ’ m sorry . The kitchen is closed after midnight 
It ’ s ok , good night 
Good night 
Jack , I hear you got promoted.Is that true 
Yes . I think I'm lucky 
Oh , Jack , you deserve it.You ' Ve been working so hard 
Thank you for saying that 
Today people are hearing about information superhighways and the intermet 
Is this change going to be beneficial for theindividuals like you and me 
Yes , I think so . My friend once used it mostly to play chess , but now he has learnt how to do other things on the Internet 
There's no doubt the Internet will be a powerful commercial medium . It'll connect hundreds of millions of customers and open up huge markets for all kinds of products and services 
That's true . I can imagine companies sending advertisements directly to customers over the net . Customers , in turn , can examine and compare whatever goods they want to buy and tell their computers to find them at the best price offered 
Yeah . It'll be a shoppers heaven . That's the use of net in E-commerce 
Are you ready 
Yes 
Who can tell us something about the author's life ? Volunteer 
The author was a famous writer , and he was also a politician . He was born in 1911 and died in 1985 
Very good . Sit down , please . Susan , what's the general idea of the text 
Can I answer it in Chinese 
No , you can't . This is an English class , and you have to express yourself in English 
Let me have a try . The author takes the characters peculiar to the British people as a topic to show that they are quite different from other nationalities . They are quiet , shy and reserved ..
Excellent . Class is over . Let's have a break 
You always stick to your PC recently . Are you still fascinated by chatting on line 
For me , the times of chatting online has gone 
What the hell are you doing now 
I opened my blog today . In order to have more visitors , I have to land on others ' blogs and leave my messages for their blogs 
What's new with you 
Do you still remember Justin 
Of course , he was our monitor in college . How is him now 
He seemed to be dumped by his girlfriend . I found his blogs were a little sad 
Let me see . What a moving poem 
What ’ s the plot of your new movie 
It ’ s a story about a policemen who is investigating a series of strange murders . I play the part of the detective . He has to catch the killer , but there ’ s very little evidence . It ’ s a psychological th
Did you enjoy making the movie ? We heard stories of disagreement with other actors and with the director 
I have had disagreement with every director . I ’ Ve worked with . We ’ Ve always disagreed in a friendly way and we have always resolved our differences . It was the same when I made this movie . I don ’ t no
Critics are not very happy with the movies that you ’ Ve made recently . Does that bother you 
Not at all . The feedback from audience has been great . I care about what they think more than what the critics think 
Did you do you own stunts in the movie 
I wanted to , but my insurance company wouldn ’ t let me . All of my stunts were done by a stuntman . As you know , I used to do my own stunts , but I ’ ll leave that to the experts in future 
Thank you very much for doing this interview 
My pleasure . Have you seen the movie yet 
Yes . I have . I liked it very much . Like you , I was very impressed with Rachel ’ s performance in the movie . She ’ s going to be a star 
Is there something I can help you with 
No , I'm just browsing . Thanks anyway 
Ok 
Ben cancelled his trip 
How come 
Because General , his dog , got sick 
He's such a mother hen 
Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in 
Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right 
Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks 
I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position 
According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position 
Then tell me something about your background 
My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language 
Well , what do you think about the development in computers 
The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future 
Have you ever designed any programs concerning network 
Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE 
Have you got anything to ask me 
Yes , can you tell me what's my responsibility in this position 
Yes , of course . You would be responsible for the development of software products 
I see . This is my advantage 
Good . Have you got any other questions 
No 
Ok , I will contact you in a week . See you 
Thank you , bye-bye 
I always feel I ’ m left high and dry with nobody to rely on 
Don ’ t be fool . I ’ ll always side with you 
I appreciate your kindness 
the air quality in this city is horrendous ! The pollution levels were so high that we weren't supposed to go outside with a face mask again 
exhaust fumes from vehicles cause a great deal of damage to the environment 
on top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city 
as much as I love this city , I think I'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . Living in a polluted city like this just can't be good for my health 
I know what you mean . However , there are so few places left that have not been affected by global warming . If it's not the pollution , then it's the natural disasters , deforestation , or the greenhouse
what is the greenhouse effect exactly 
it's the gradual rise in the earth's temperature 
I see , so it's similar to global warming 
they're related to one another , yes 
I heard that some people in England are pleased with the fact that the climate is becoming warmer because it's making their towns a more pleasant place to live 
people joke about the benefits of the increase in temperature , but it's not all good news . They've been experiencing a lot of deadly storms there as well 
people always seem to make jokes as a way to deal with unfortunate situations 
I think if everyone pitches in , the world will be a better place 
Good afternoon ! Did you call for a plumber 
Yes , yes I did . Please come in ! I ’ m so glad you came ! This old house is falling apart ! Come on into the bathroom . See , here , there ’ s water leaking everywhere 
I see . Let me have a look . It seems that your toilet is clogged , and that ’ s why it won ’ t flush . Let me just get my plunger . No , that ’ s not working either . I suspect that there ’ s some sort of foreign object in the pipes that ‘ s causing a blockage . That ’ s what ’ s making your toilet overflow 
Oh , that must be because of my four-year-old daughter . She is always flushing things down the toilet . You know how kids are 
Yeah , I have a little one myself . Anyway , these water pipes are really rusty , so they also should be changed . Thatcould be causing water to not drain completely , that might lead to more problems in the future . I would also suggest fixing this faucet that isn ’ t shutting off properly . I could have it all finished by today if it ’ s urgent 
That would be great ! Is it expensive 
Let ’ s see ... I would say about eight hundred dollars 
What did her boss say to you 
He asked me to beef up in the work 
Yeah . You look so unhappy recently . What ’ s the matter 
Nothing , thanks . I am just not in the mood these days 
Darling , can't you stay for a few more days 
I can't . I've got to attend a meeting in London 
I'm really going to miss you.Take care of yourself 
I will 
Hello 
Hello.May I speak to Mark , please 
Sure , just a minute.Mark , you're wanted on the phone 
Hello , this is Mark speaking 
Hi ! This is Jill.How come you didn't come in today 
Oh , we had a birthday party for David last night . As a matter of fact I woke up with a terrible hangover 
That's too bad.You ' ll have to be more careful nest time 
Anything new at the office 
No , nothing special.Oh , yes , you know Bill , The guy with the moustache.His wife had a baby girl last night and he passed out cigars to everyone today , He said his wife and daughter are doing fine.The baby is their first child 
That's wonderful ! We've got to celebrate 
Yes , we have to.Do you think you can make it tomorrow 
Sure . I ought to be ready for some more drinks by then.Thank you for calling 
You're welcome.Bye 
Excuse me . What's the time difference between Beijing and San Francisco 
16 hours . Beijing is 16 hours ahead 
Are we losing or gaining a day on the way to America 
We are gaining a day 
So does it mean we're arriving on the same day 
That's right 
Do you think children watch too much Tv 
I only allow my child to watch up to an hour a day . I don ’ t think that tv is bad for kids . I think that kids should be active and not become couch potatoes 
Perhaps I should impose a limit on how much Tv my kids can watch . They don ’ t do much else in their free time . At least they always do their homework first 
If you decide to put a limit on the amount of tv they can watch , remember to have something else for them to do . If you don ’ t , they ’ ll get bored and misbehave 
They could go out and play with their friends 
Sure . You could talk to other parents in your neighbourhood and plan it so that all the kids are free at the same time 
Perhaps I could ask my husband to teach them foot ball or some thing . He watches too much Tv too 
That ’ s a good idea . Remember that if the parents watch too much Tv , the kids will probably follow suit 
Have you read all these crazy things that are going on around the world 
What do you mean 
I was reading about how some people get tricked or drugged in their hotel rooms and have their organs removed ! Then they are sold on the black market 
Don't tell me you actually believe all that ? Don't be so gullible , they are just urban legends . They are just stories people make up to scare you 
Well , I was also reading about how some popular songs have subliminal or even satanic messages if you play them backwards ! Can you believe that 
You really think an artist or song writer is going to go through the trouble of putting subliminal or satanic messages in a song ? Don't be so naive 
Well maybe you are right , but how about the story of how KFC has rows of headless chickens which are super grown in order to get bigger chickens faster 
Sounds a bit too far fetched to be true , don't you think 
I have a question about my cable 
What do you need 
I haven't been able to watch my cable for the past week 
Right now the cable isn't working 
Could you tell me when it will be back on 
The cable should be running again in a couple of days 
In the meantime , do I still have to pay for the cable 
We'll just give you a credit for the inconvenience 
Does that mean I won't have to pay for it 
It'll be free until it comes back on 
Thanks , I appreciate your help 
Thank you for all your patience 
Where's Mrs . Johnson 
Just call her Lisa , Mary . She's cooking dinner 
I see . Can I sit down 
Of course ! Make yourself at home 
Thank you , Mr . Johnson 
Please , just call me Tom 
Okay , Tom 
Where's Cindy 
She's upstairs in my room 
Can you tell her to come downstairs ? We're about to have dinner 
Good afternoon , madam . May I help you 
Do you have some new perfume 
I am sorry , madam . I didn't hear you . It's too noisy here . Could you please say it again 
Well , I wanna buy some new perfume 
Would you please wait a minute ? I will get one for you at once 
That's all right 
Here you are 
Can I open it 
Yes , certainly , madam 
It smells sweet 
Yes , it is . This perfume just arrived yesterday , and it's the latest products of Chanel 
Really ? How much is it 
55 dollars , madam 
Ok , I will take two bottles 
Thank you . Do you need something else 
No , thanks 
Excuse me , ma ’ am 
Yes . What can I do for you 
I ’ m new here and I can ’ t seem to find the lunch room 
Oh , it ’ s right downstairs . I ’ m going there myself . Just follow me 
Thank god you showed up when you did ! He ’ s insane ! Do you think we should call the police 
Don ’ t worry about it , I ’ ll call my friend and have him take care of it . I can ’ t believe he was stalking you all these years . What a nut job 
I know ! Well ... he said I ’ m not pregnant . I ’ m sorry if I got you all worked up over nothing . I want you to know that I didn ’ t do it on purpose ..
Don ’ t apologize ! From the moment I met you , not a day has gone by when I haven ’ t thought of you.And now that I ’ m with you again , I ’ m ... I ’ m just scared , Veronica . The closer I get to you , the worse it gets . The thought of not being with you , I mean , I just can ’ t handle it ! We were made for each other , Veronica . You are my everything , my soul mate . What can I do 
Just hold me ... I ’ ll always be here for you , no matter what . And together , we can tackle whatever life throws at us . I believe in us , steven 
I ’ m so happy to hear that ! I knew we belong together . I love you so much 
I need to find a new place to live 
Yeah ? Why ? Don ’ t you like living with me 
Oh , it ’ s not you . I just want my own place 
Well , check the newspaper 
Jeez ... I didn ’ t realize a single bedroom apartment went for so much these days 
Yeah , prices have really gone up the past couple of years 
Oh , here ’ s one . It ’ s looks like its in this neighborhood , $ 600 a month . That ’ s not to bad 
No , it ’ s pretty good . Why not give the landlord a call 
Hello . I ’ m calling about the one bedroom in Lincoln Park . Could I take a look at it ? Yes . Tonight at six is fine . Thanks 
Can you tell me the time 
It's 5:30 by my watch 
Is your watch right 
Yes . There's only a few seconds in a whole month 
Shall we discuss the packing ? You know , a well-designed package helps sell the goods , so the products must not only be superior in quality , but also attractive in appearance . I'd like to see the sample of packing 
We have made a lot of improvement in packing . You are welcome to see the sample in the showroom . I think you will find the new packing beautiful and quite well-done 
Quite good . The beautiful design and bright color are just the European taste . How are you gonna pack these blouses 
We are going to pack them in boxes with a colored picture of the blouse on it . Inside we ’ ll use a transparent poly bag for the blouse ready for the window show . You'll see that the blouses will appeal to the eye as well as to the purse 
Wonderful 
Morning 
Hi there Mr . Anderson ! How are you on this fine morning 
Fine , thank you 
It sure is cold this morning , isn ’ t it ? I barely even get out of bed 
Yeah . It ’ s pretty cold , alright 
Did you catch the news this morning ? I heard that there was a fire on Byron Street 
No , I didn ’ t hear about that 
Did you happen to watch the football game last night ? The Patriots scored in the last minute 
No , I don ’ t like football 
Oh . . . By the way , I saw you with your daughter at the office Christmas party . She is really beautiful 
She ’ s my wife ! Oh , here ’ s my floor ! Nice talking to you . Goodbye 
Sir this is the 56th floor ! We are on the 70th 
That ’ s okay , I ’ ll take the stairs 
Where will you go in your vacation 
Oh , I'm hoping to take courses in my vacation 
You're so industrious 
I'm going to buy a new living room set 
Where are you going to buy one 
I'm really not sure 
You like my living room set , don't you 
Where did you buy it 
I found mine at IKEA 
Are they expensive 
Everything I got from IKEA cost me a couple thousand 
Is the furniture crafted well 
The furniture isn't built cheap 
I'll pay the money , as long as I'm getting what I pay for 
You will feel comfortable paying the money 
( At the MET station ) Hurry up ! We are running late for school 
Let's take the MET . lt's faster and cheap 
Which line should we take if we go to Danshui 
We should take the red line . Let's get the tickets at the automatic vending Machine 
How much money should I insert in the slot 
5o dollars . Later you have to place your ticket near the sensor 
I see 
It's so crowded . All the seats are taken . Let's go there . There is a seat over there 
It's a priority seat . We can not sit there . We should give the seats to those eld , pregnant and disabled people 
Yeah , you are right . Let's stand . It takes only about 20 minutes 
If we go to Danshui in the morning on A weekday , we are sure to have seats since it's not during rush hour 
Anyway , we are arriving at Danshui soon . I can't wait to watch the beautiful sunset 
Ah , Oh ! Are you hurt 
I don't think so . I'm just shaken up a little 
Maybe I'd better call an ambulance 
No , don't bother . I think I'm OK 
Are you sure 
Yes , it's OK 
Did you hear ? The state is thinking of legalizing gambling in our city ! Soon we are gonna have amazing hotels and casinos here which will be good for our business 
Are you serious ? Gambling is a vice industry built on deception and fed by the intentional exploitation of human weakness for the sole purpose of monetary gain ! It disgusts me 
What are you talking about ? How does it exploit people 
Well , to begin with , Gambling is addictive , ruins marriages , destroys families and bankrupts communities . Once you are addicted it is very difficult to stop . People have lost their houses , cars and been left out on the street after becoming addicted . Secondly , it exploits because men become addicted to gambling most often because of the action and risk . Women gamble to escape , and senior citizens will start gambling for the social interaction . Underage gamblers often start gambling on sports with friends and then illegal bookies 
Geez ! Now that I think about it , maybe legalizing gambling isn ’ t such a good idea ! Although , I have been to Las Vegas , and I didn ’ t become addicted or anything like that 
You cannot predict who will become addicted to gambling . Now excuse me , I have a protest rally to organize 
Are you ready to order , sir 
Yeah . I have a fancy for some wine tonight . Can you recommend something for me 
Our red wine is very famous . I'd suggest you try that 
All right . What kind of red wine do you serve 
Here are a variety of red wines for you to choose . You can have a taste then make your decision then . Here is the wine menu 
The dry red wine looks quite good . I'd like to try this one 
Then do you like any cheese to go with it 
Why ? Do I have to order that 
Oh , no . But cheese is the best thing to go with red wine . And we have really fresh cheese which will be free if you order red wine . Here are the pictures . Pick out something you like 
That's really nice . I'd like this one . It looks very attractive 
What would you like for appetizer and dinner 
Croissant for appetizer and two beef steaks for dinner 
How do you want your steaks , rare , medium or well-done 
Medium , please 
Anything for dessert 
Sure . We'd like to have Black Forest Cake for dessert 
OK . Please wait for s while . We'll get it done quickly 
Where do you have to go 
To New York 
When do you have to be there 
Tomorrow morning 
How long do you have to be there 
Three days 
When will you be back 
On Friday 
hello ! How are you 
not too well ! I ’ m just to the doctor . I haven ’ t been feeling too well .. over the last few days 
what have you got ? A cough ? A cold 
that ’ s the funny thing . I don ’ t what ’ s wrong with me . I just feel exhausted 
perhaps you ’ Ve been working too hard . You do have a high-pressure job 
maybe . I haven ’ t been able to keep my food down either . That ’ s unusual 
well . I ’ m sure the doctor will be able to prescribe something to make you well again . Dr . Jameson is very good 
yes , he is . I ’ Ve make an appointment for 10 o ’ clock , so I ’ d better move along 
OK . Hope you feel better soon . You should take it easy . I ’ m sure the doctor will prescribe rest , you know 
Watch out ! You'll hit that car if you're not careful 
Oh no , I won't . But we will have an accident if you don't stop shouting 
You see . I told you you'd hit him if you weren't careful 
Oh , shut up , will you ? It was all your fault.If you'd kept quite this would never have happened 
Oh , so it was my fault , was it ? If I hadn't warned you in time it would have been much worse 
Room service , can I help you 
Yes . This is Barbara in room 209 . I ’ d like to order breakfast , please 
What would you like to order 
Two slices of whole wheat bread and one cup of coffee 
Okay . I ’ ll have them brought to your room right away 
Thank you 
Good morning . Is this where I can get a library card issued to me 
No problem , we have a short form right here ; just hand it to me when you are done 
I'm done 
That looks great , but I will also need your driver's license or other form of I . D 
Sure , here it is 
Well , this looks nice . Do you know how to use it 
I am pretty sure how to use it , but can you remind me 
Of course , just remember that all of the needed information is on the card 
I see 
Well , I hope you have a wonderful time on your library visits 
Bob from accounting is on the line . Do you want to speak with him 
Yes , I need to talk to him 
I'll put the call through then 
Thank you 
hello ! How are you today 
hi . I ’ m feeling very nervous . I just had a test and I ’ m not sure how well or how badly I did 
it ’ s not use worrying about it now . you ’ Ve done test and you can ’ t change any of your answers 
that ’ s true . I really should go home and prepare for the next test , but I ’ m feeling tired 
let ’ s go and get a coffee together . That will help you to wake up again 
ok . I feel like sitting down and having a chat . How have you been recently 
oh , you know me . I ’ m always happy ! If I think I ’ m getting into a bad mood , I call some friends and socialize or have a chat 
that ’ s a good idea . I usually just sit at home alone and get increasingly moody 
I hate spending too much time at home . I get bored of it really quickly . I ’ m always excited about going out to party or other social event and meeting people 
perhaps I ’ m being too shy . I should go out more too and not spend time worrying about tests 
We can't wait any longer ..
I'm terribly sorry to be so late . I had an article ..
You'll knock yourself out the way you've worked.Why don't you slow down 
I can't afford to 
All right.Now that everybody's here . Shall we be getting started ? Miss Lin , are you ready 
Yes , thanks.Before I start , I'd like to thank Professor Smith for all his help in giving me unlimited access to his research materials 
Excuse me , Miss Lin.Would you mind speaking up , please ? I can't hear you very well 
Sorry , I'll try to speak louder 
I have some good news for you . We've decided we'd like to send you to Shanghai on a business trip this weekend 
Oh 
Don't you think that it'd be a good thing for you to get out of the office foe a couple of days 
Sure 
I thought you'd be a bit more excited about this . Everything will be paid for and I'll send my assistant with you to take care of everything for you . All you have to do is to get on the train tonight at 7 pm 
The train ? Will I be flying back then 
Oh , no . We've bought your return ticket for you . I think you'll find it comfortable 
Will the train be very crowded 
Oh no . the train hasn't been crowded at all recently . Besides , you're in first-class , so you'll be fine 
When is the first meeting then 
They've scheduled the negotiation meeting for 9
Where will I be staying 
We've booked you a room in the same hotel as your meetings , so you won't need to deal much with the transportation system 
That's very sensible . Would it be alright if I left early today to prepare for the trip 
That's not a problem . Have a nap if you can . You don't know how tight the schedule is for this business trip 
Pardon me . Could you help me 
Of course . How can I help you 
I am looking for a sweater 
What size do you wear 
Medium , I think 
Here . How do you like this one 
It's pretty . Can I try it on 
You can try it on in the fitting room over there 
How much is the admission fee for a student 
We offer a reduction of 50 % and comes to $ 10 
Here you are . Where is the museum guide 
Well , here you are 
Is it free 
Of course 
Merry Christmas , Bill 
Merry Christmas . Steven 
What do you want to do to celebrate Christmas 
I'll have supper with my girlfriend and go shopping . What about you 
I'll go to church first and then go to a Christmas party . Would you like to come 
I'd love to . But I am going to meet my girlfriend right now . See you later 
See you 
How about having a cup of tea with us 
All right.That ’ s very nice of you 
Would you like to go to the cinema with me 
I ’ m sorry I can ’ t make it.Thank you anyhow 
Can ’ t you come in and have tea now , Peter 
Not yet , I must water the garden first 
Do you have to water it now 
I ’ m afraid I must . Look at it ! It ’ s terribly dry 
What a nuisance 
Last summer it was very dry , too . Don ’ t you remember ? I had to water it every day 
Well , I ’ ll have tea by myself . That was quick ! Have you finished already 
Yes , Look out of the window 
It ’ s raining . That means you needn ’ t water the garden 
That was a pleasant surprise . It means I can have tea , instead 
Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish 
Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss.Parker speaks to us only in English 
I suppose she's right.Does she speak English very slowly 
Not always.Sometimes we don't understand her.Then she has to repeat what she said 
It must be interesting to study English 
Mario and I are the best students in the class.Miss.Parker says that my pronunciation is very good 
Is English pronunciation easy or difficult 
Sometimes it's difficult.Some words look different from the way one pronounces them 
How are your stocks doing , Jim 
Oh , all right . I lost a bunch of money in the last two years , but this year has been pretty good 
Yeah . I lost money investing in the Internet , too 
Just goes to show that you should buy companies , not ideas 
I changed my strategy around too . I invest in good companies now 
Yeah , me too . Did you hear about Frank 
No , what happened 
He lost his kids ' college money day trading 
Oh , boy . His wife can ’ t be happy about that 
I ’ Ve been told you might have a vacant room 
Yes . I have a spare room 
How much are you asking 
10.00 dollars a night 
Could I see the room , please 
Sure.Come on in 
The answer for number 6 is C , 7 is B , 8 is A ..
Ms . Lee , could you tell me what number 7 is again ? I didn't catch you 
Sure . 7 is B . Any others 
No , thank you 
Can I get you any dessert 
Yes , I'd like to try the blueberry pie 
Excellent choice . ( He brings her the pie . After she finishes , the waiter comes back . ) Would you like anything else 
No , I'm stuffed . I'm ready for the check 
Here you are . Thank you and have a nice evening 
Thank you 
Room service.May I come in 
Come in please 
This is your breakfast.Can I put it here 
Sure.How much is it 
That's $ 10 
Well , here is the money 
Sir , you don't have to pay right now.Just sign here and we will charge it to your account 
Fine 
What do you think of the plan for the new airport near here 
Perhaps they should give it a second thought . The residents are getting up in arms about it 
I think they will 
How's your time spent in the United States 
Well , pretty good 
I'm glad to hear that . What impressed you most 
Well , the cultural differences impressed me most 
You mean we Chinese think differently from the Americans 
That's right , quite different . One day one of my American friend looked pale , so I asked him whether he was sick or not . But he was reluctant to answer my question 
That's weird 
And what's more , when he told me he had caught a cold for several days , I suggested him to go to the hospital as soon as possible 
You really cared about your friend 
Sure I am . But he responded by saying'what do you mean ? ' 
I'm confused . Why did he say that 
I felt the same at first . Later he told me that I'd better not give him any suggestions when he was sick . Offering unsolicited help or advice is like showing sympathy to the weak or the poor . But back in China , helping others is always regarded being kind 
Absolutely . Now I understand why he responded that way 
I like your new skirt 
Do you think it fits me 
Yes . It looks terrific 
I bought it at half price 
You were lucky to find it 
Traxi.taxi 
Hello , madam . Where to 
Could you please help me put my bags in the truck 
No problem.Get in now 
Take me to Hilton Hotel 
All right.Got it 
Do you do morning exercises 
Yes . I do one set of shadow-boxing every morning after I get up 
Shadow-boxing ? How interesting ! Do you think it really helpful for your health 
Definitely . It not only keeps me fit but also helps me concentrate on my soul 
I think I'm going to China this vacation.How about you 
Me ? I prefer France 
I went to France last summer 
Oh , really ? I went to China last winter 
Hello . This is the Stewart Resident 
Hello . Is Mr . Stewart there 
This is Mr . Stewart . Who ’ s this 
I ’ m calling from Bell Canada . We are currently offering a great deal on long distance calling , only $ 17 a month . With this plan you get 500 minutes of long distance calls each month without any additional charges 
I ’ m sorry . I ’ m not interested in it 
Okay . Thanks 
Happy Anniversary , honey 
I thought you had forgotten 
After the trouble I got into last year , no way 
Thank you honey , it means a lot to me 
You can take this car into consideration . It works well and its price is reasonable 
I was not born yesterday 
Professor , I am going to need to leave class early today 
What is the problem 
I need to go to the airport to pick up a relative 
Are you planning on having someone take notes for you 
Yes , I've got that part covered 
When , exactly do you need to leave 
I don't need to leave until the very end of class 
Fine , but next time try and not have to miss class again 
Thanks , Professor . See you later 
See you later ! Drive carefully 
Can I help you 
Could you show me the coat on the shelf 
Sure . Please come this way 
May I try it on 
Of course . Here is the fitting room 
It doesn't fit quite right . It feels a little tight in the waist . Do you have this in a larger size 
Yes , here it is 
Well , how do I look in this one 
You look really beautiful in it 
OK . I'll take it 
I would like to order cable 
Sure , what package do you want 
What kinds of packages do you offer 
We have all kinds of movie channel packages 
What else do you have 
There is a package for all sports channels 
Do you have a package that includes all the movie channels with the basic channels also 
Yes , we do offer that package 
I want that 
Do you want anything else 
No , but is it possible for me to add channels later 
You can always get rid of channels or add some later 
Good idea ! I've heard that the Expo is doing pretty well now , and ads are seen everywhere in the country on all means of media , newspapers , TV , street signs , etc 
Yeah , it's the last world-wide horti-cultural exposition in the century , and one of the grand festivities of cross-century significance held by the China's tourism industry 
what's interesting to see there 
Oh , there's plenty . Flowers and plants from all over the world , of course . Besides , gardening techniques are demonstrated , modern facilities displayed , academic exchanges and seminars organized , and folk performances of different nations shown almost every day 
I visited the First International Flower Festival in the city last year , and was impressed with so many beautiful flowers 
Oh , can't compare with the Kunming Expo at all ! The Kunming Expo covers an area of 218 hectares , and more than 9000 flower enterprises from over 100 countries and regions are invited to participate in the Expo 
It would be a rare occasion to be able to appreciate so many fine species of Chinese and foreign flowers fully blooming in one park 
Far more than that , I dare to say ! Inland provinces and cities , Hong Kong and Macao , as well as many countries and regions in the world have an exhibition area of their own to display their unique flowers and plants . Each month there's a special day for a particular country or region , and folk performances are given . You will feel it a great pity if you missile Kunming Expo 
Excuse me , please show me that business suit , the dark one 
OK 
May I try it on 
Go ahead 
Hi there , I want to reserve a hotel room 
No problem at all . Could I have your full name , please 
Sure , John Sandals 
Hi , Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle , at your service . When do you need the room 
My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th 
We have new room rates , sir . Will that be acceptable to you 
Well , it depends on the price , of course . What is it 
It's $ 308 a night 
I have no problem with that 
Great ! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking 
Definitely nonsmoking . I can't handle that smell 
Nonsmoking . Now , is a queen-size bed okay 
No problem 
Great , Mr . Sandals . Your reservation is confirmed . Now all I need is your phone number 
Of course ! It's area code 626-555-1739 
Thank you so much , Mr . Sandals . We look forward to seeing you 
Hello . I'm answering the ad in the paper about your car.And I wonder if it is still available 
Yes , it's still available 
Good.Can you give me some information about it ... uh .. mileage and the tires and things like that 
Well , it has got low mileage.The tires are in perfect condition and it's in excellent shape 
Good morning , Madam ! Can I help you 
Well , I'd like to buy a watch 
Oh , look at these two watches , aren't they lovely 
Yeah . But I think I'd prefer ..
How about this one ? It's graceful in style 
Mm , yes , but I think I like that one better . It's made of gold , isn't it 
Sure 
How much is it 
500 dollars , Madam 
I wonder if it keeps good time 
Surely . As this is the latest model , and you can also set the alarm 
How do I set it 
Just do like this.Very simple 
All right . this suits my taste best . I'II take It 
Front desk , can I help you 
Yes , I need a wake-up call tomorrow at seven thirty 
Sure . Your room number , PLS 
Room 1019 
Room 1019 , tomorrow at seven thirty . Ok , we will give you a call in the morning 
What can I do for you 
I was looking for a book , but I couldn ’ t find it 
Did you check our database to see if it was on the shelf 
I already did 
Is it on the shelf 
I didn ’ t see it 
Apparently somebody took that book out of the library 
Will you ever get another copy 
We will definitely be getting another 
Could you please reserve it for me 
That won ’ t be a problem 
Thanks . I really appreciate that 
May I sit here 
I'm afraid this seat is taken 
Oh , is it ? Thank you anyway 
You're welcome . If you ask the conductor when he comes by , he should help you find one 
Thank you 
I'm here to sign the agreement 
I'm sorry . The agreement hasn't been fully prepared . It will be ready by tomorrow 
Can you speed it up and let us have it today 
I will try my best . Here is the draft . Would you please go over it and see if any modifications are needed 
Let me have a look.Well , it contains basically all we have agreed upon 
How about the terms concerning packing 
I don't think so 
If you totally agree , I'll type the agreement this evening and have it duplicated for signatures 
That's fine 
You should have seen the T . V . show that was on last night , the topic it covered was really interesting , animal rights 
Do you really believe in that ? If they are going to focus on something , they should do it on civil rights 
Yes , but we can ’ t deny that animals are vulnerable , defenseless , and are completely at the mercy of human beings 
I understand your point , but we continue to have transgressions against human rights . If so much attention weren ’ t devoted to the topic of animals , we would then concentrate more on saving a human being instead of protecting a koala 
You can ’ t compare apples and oranges . I believe that both topics are important and that we can ’ t ignore them , the mistreatment of animals can cause a great environmental imbalance . I believe that governments should prohibit activities like poaching 
Well , you are right on that point . This is the reason that I don ’ t buy leather and I try to buy synthetic products 
As long as you don ’ t treat it better than your wife , it ’ s fine 
Wow ! So many students crowded in . More than I excepted , we are lucky to arrive in hour earlier . Or else we definedly have problems to getting good seats 
I learned my lesson from the last experience . I didn't arrive early enough . So I ended up with a terrible seat , All the way up in the front row . It was one of my worst movie experiences ever 
Yeah , I hate sitting in the front row 
By the way , it was really thoughtful if you to get me the ticket . I really appreciate it , I'll buy some popcorn , and drinks for us 
That would be great 
I'll be back as soon as possible . Oh , I almost forgot I'd better hold on to my ticket stop in case of they let me in 
Ok 
Are you having a good time 
Oh , yes . It's a great party . There are some people I don't know , though 
Really ? Come on , I'll introduce them to you 
That would be great 
What kind of films do you like best 
I like feature films best . How about you 
I don't like feature films . I think sometimes it loses contact with reality . I like to see some documentary films . What kind of feature films do you like best 
I always like to see the oldies , like The Sound of Music , Gone with the Wind . They are realty the best - in the acting , the scene and the plot 
You are sort of romantic 
Can you give me a hand with some things in the kitchen ? I don ’ t think I can finish everything in time 
Ok , what do you want me to do 
First of all , I need you to do the drying up . I ’ m almost finished the washing up . I ’ m going to clean the cooker when I finish 
Ok . I ’ ll put the plates and cutlery away as I dry them . Where is the tea towel ? Oh , here it is 
We ’ ll have this finished in no time with two if us working on it 
While you ’ re cleaning the cooker , I ’ ll wipe the worktop . That was a great meat , by the way 
Actually , it was just some leftovers from yesterday . I made far too much food to eat alone . I am glad you could come over to help me finish it 
My pleasure ! This tea towel ’ s a little ragged . Do you have another one 
Yes . Look in that drawer . I should throw the old one out 
Keep it and use it as rag . You can clean your bicycle with it 
When you smell them , they affect your nervous system 
I thought you were supposed to put them in some kind of burner with a candle ..
You can do that , too . Both methods have a healing effect 
So what's your illness ... shopping fever , sale-itis 
Ha-ha ... I'm just fatigued . And tomorrow is a big day 
What's tomorrow 
More sales 
Well , Mr . Brown , we've settled everything in connection with this transaction except the question of payment in yen . Now can you explain to me how to make payment in yen 
Many of our business friends in England , France , Switzerland , Italy and Germany are paying for our exports in Japan currency . It is quite easy to do so 
I know some of them are doing that . But this is new to me . I've never made payment in yen before . It is convenient to make payment in pound sterling , but I may have some difficulty in making payment in yen 
Many banks in Europe now carry accounts in yen . They are in a position to open letters of credit and effect payment in yen . Consult your banks and you'll see that they are ready to offer you this service 
Do you mean to say that I can open a letter of credit in yen with a bank in London or Bonn 
Sure you can . Several of the banks in London , such as the National Westminster Bank and Barclays Bank are in a position to open letters of credit in yen . They'll do so against our sales confirmation or contract 
I see 
I can't even imagine you snorkeling 
Well , you'll see . With this new watch , I can go anywhere , do anything 
OK , Bond 
No , really . Look . It's got a double time zone setting 
So you can always keep two times at once 
Yep . I just can't decide what two cities to choose ..
The only two times you need are I'm late and I'm really late 
What do you plan to do on Sunday morning 
Nothing special 
How about going to English corner with me 
Oh , I'd rather not 
Why not 
You know , I am poor at English , especially spoken English 
That's why you should go there , If you don't dare to speak English owing to the fact that you are afraid of making mistakes , you simply will never learn English 
A :: You must be Wily . It's nice to meet you 
B :: Nice to meet you , Mr . Wilson 
A :: Tim , please . Please be seated 
B :: Thank you 
A :: So , Wily , you have been with IBM for two years , ready for change 
B :: Well , I think I'm ready for new challenges 
Which is more interesting to you , flying kites or going roller-skating 
Well , flying kites is more fun to me 
I've got no kite . Do you have one 
Let's go and buy one 
Henry , don ’ t get out of doing housework 
It ’ s none of my business 
You mean that is my business 
I don ’ t say that . But it seems to me the housewife should do that 
I ’ m your wife , not a housewife . I have my own work 
Hum ..
Please take a seat 
Thanks 
Now what can I do for you 
Well , I'm looking for a job 
Fine , but first I need some information about you 
What kind of information do you want 
Well , first of all , your name.What ' s your surname 
Wilson 
And your other names 
Steven Michael 
Have you got your e-mail address 
Yes , It's Henrylee@yahoo.com 
How old are you 
Twenty-one 
Where were you Bron 
In California 
Too bad you missed Jane's performance 
How's it 
It was so perfect that it won a unanimous 10 
Excuse me . I wonder if you could help me . I'm looking for the Oriental Pearl Theater 
Boy , you are lost . It's across town 
Oh ! What bad luck ! How can I get to the Theater 
You can take a No . 12 bus here and then transfer to a No . 23 bus to get there 
Where do we get off at 
I think we have a little ways to go 
This bus ride is taking forever 
I know 
Did we miss our stop 
I'm not sure 
Didn't you say you knew where to get off the bus 
I don't know . We may have missed our stop 
Are you serious 
Yeah , we did miss it 
I can't catch the bus with you anymore 
Sorry 
Are there many idioms in English 
There are hundreds and hundreds.English is particularly rich in idiomatic expressions 
Can you give us an example 
I'll look up the rate.To look up doesn't mean to look high into the sky or to look at the roof.It means to search for and find some information 
What about the expression goodbye ? Is that an idiom 
That is just a natural , grammatical English expression.It has a direct translation in other languages 
This is interesting , Ms.Parker 
Why are you so quiet 
My girlfriend just broke up with me 
You must feel terrible now 
Yeah 
I remember my first break up . It was the worst feeling in the world . I was crying everyday for three months . And slowly , it got better . I know you'll feel better too 
You've been through this too 
Yeah . I remember it very clearly . The pain makes it easy to remember . I know you're really hurting right now , but you know many people experience break ups 
But it hurts too much 
I know it's painful , but it's only temporary . After the pain goes away , you'll find other girls 
What if I don't want to find another girl 
You'll change your mind . Look at everyone in the world . They all break up and move on . The faster you understand this , the quicker you will recover 
You're right 
I also know you must still have strong feelings for her , but try to think of all the bad things . You know she didn't treat you that well . Is that the person you want to spend the rest of your life with 
Yeah . Thanks for the talk 
I'll give you a call later . We should hang out . It's good to be around people 
Ok . I'll talk to you later 
wow ! You're going to Tibet 
yes , my brothe and I are going . We just finished making our itinerary 
that's really cool ! I've always dreamed of going somewhere like Tibet , seeing something unique 
great minds think alike . My brother and I have been thinking about going to Tibet for quite a long time . Do you have anything on your schedule 
nothing particular 
why don't you join us ? We are leaving next week ; you'll still have a week to prepare 
oh , Tibet sounds great , but I'm afraid it'll cost too much . Last time I traveled to India , and it cost me a fortune 
come on ! We're traveling on our own . It won't cost too much 
ok , then count me in . where will we stay 
the youth hotels are comfortable and cheap 
then make sure that you book me a room , too 
I'll take care of it 
and check whether they accept credit cards 
no problem 
May I come in 
Yes , please 
How are you doing , sir 
Fine , thank you . Are you coming for the interview as a secretary ? What's your name 
Please allow me to introduce myself . My name is Li Hua . Nice to meet you 
Nice to meet you , too . Miss Li . please have a seat . I am Peter Smith , the General Manager 
This is the Bell Captain's Desk . May I help you 
Yes , I've been waiting for my bags to be sent up for the last half hour . Where are they 
I'm very sorry to hear that . May I have your name and room number , please 
Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 
And how many pieces did you have 
Two suitcases and a handbag . The suitcases are blue and the shoulder bag is red 
Is there a name tag attached to them 
Yes , there is 
We're very sorry for the delay . I'll check immediately and call you back 
May I help you 
Yes , I'm going to Europe on business and I need to purchase some Traveller's Cheques 
That's no problem . Which currency would you like to buy 
I think Euros will be the best , as I'll only be in Mainland Europe 
Of course . Do you have your passport with you ? How much would you like to purchase 
5,000 Euros will be sufficient , thanks 
Please fill in this form . How would you like it ? In 100 Euro cheques 
That would be perfect , thank you 
How was your morning jog 
Very good . I feel quite refreshed now ! You should come with me sometime - exercise is good for you 
To be honest , I ’ d rather watch television ! Where did you go 
I just ran alongside the main road 
Oh you ought to go to the park next time . They have a route for joggers there 
Oh ok , I ’ ll try that tomorrow . It ’ ll probably be better than fighting with the traffic ! Go on , why don ’ t you come along 
Oh ok then , I ’ ll come and watch you 
That's really convenient . We were wondering if you could take a little off the rent , though 
I can take two thousand off . That'll make the rent twenty-eight thousand 
That's great . Every little bit counts . And we don't need the parking space . I guess we could rent it out 
Sure , for at least three thousand per month 
That'll bring the price down to twenty-five . That's the price we were shooting for 
I'm glad . Now , there's a deposit fee of two month's rent 
Good afternoon , welcome to IBA . How can I be of service 
I'd like to talk to somebody about the Group Account Deposit Service 
This refers to the deposit business offered to the level 1 account of group companies 
What is it used for ? I mean , why bother to get this special account 
Group companies can use this to make their arrangement of funds flexible , when dealing with their subsidiaries 
I see , so this can really cut down on time and centralise management . Interesting ..
Can you help me find a nice gift for my young niece 
Barbie dolls are quite popular , you know 
You're right . Girls love Barbie . Show me a Barbie doll 
Take a look at the newest Barbie — Digital Barbie 
She's beautiful . What's the price for Digital Barbie 
Our regular price for Digital Barbie is $ 29.95 plus tax 
Only $ 29.95 ? I'll buy it , of course 
Another one sold . Do you see anything else you would like 
Thank you , but no . This will do it for now 
Tax brings your total to $ 32.42 . How would you like to pay 
Cash , please 
Here's your change . Thank you 
I have read your notice on the wall so I come to see if there is anything I need 
Well take your time . There are so many things to sell 
How much is the desk 
$ 7 
The goods in the yard sale are really cheap . I will take it 
Gross ! What are you doing to yourself 
Chill ! I'm just curling my eyelashes 
It looks like some kind of primitive form of torture 
You're such a wimp ! You're afraid of an eyelash curler 
Well , you might pinch your eyelid ! Or lose an eyeball 
It just makes my eyelashes curl upwards 
Julia , why have you prepared a candlelight dinner ? Anything special to celebrate ? Did you get a promotion 
Honey , don't tell me that you forgot our anniversary , did you 
Oh , my dear , how can I forget such an important day ? I was just kidding . Look at this box 
What's in it 
Have a guess 
A necklace 
No 
I have no idea 
Open it now 
Oh , my god . A diamond brooch . It's so beautiful . You're so kind to me , A . Thank you 
You're welcome , honey . I hope we will celebrate our golden wedding anniversary in future 
Hi , Daniel , how are you holding up ? I am greatly sorry for your loss 
Thank you , I ’ m doing much better . I ’ Ve begun organizing everything for the funeral 
How ’ s that going 
It ’ s a lot harder than I imagined . There are many things that you have to to arrange . I booked a time and date with the funeral home , but I still have a lot of things to do 
Have you bought a burial plot and a casket 
No . Wendy is being cremated . She always talked about how she didn ’ t want to be buried . I already chose a cremation urn and we plan to spread the ashes in the ocean 
I see , that sounds like something she would have really liked . I am sure the memorial service will be tasteful . You are doing a great job 
Thanks , it hasn ’ t been easy , but luckily we have life insurance and Wendy left behind a detailed will that will sort out any other legal matters 
morning . Rent-A-Car Agency . May I help you 
Good morning . This is Paul Alexander calling from the Isis Advertising Firm . We need a car to the airport for Mr . Phillips 
Certainly , Mr . Alexander . When would Mr . Phillips like to leave 
Let me check ... His flight ’ s at 2:30 p . m . , so he should leave no later than 12 noon 
Excuse me . Is there any body here 
Yes 
I've finished up all my water . I would kill for a sip of water 
Sure , come on in 
Thank you very much . Are you here alone 
My father and sister are out to photographing . What about you 
I'm a back-packer from America 
What is a back-packer 
It means a hiker who loves traveling around the world 
Cool . You must have been to a lot of places 
Yes , actually almost half of all the countries over the world . I love traveling places 
So cool . I want to be a back-packer when I grow up 
You can do it . But do work hard on your English to make it easier 
I'll try my best 
Did you take my money from the table 
Absolutely not ! I'm not a thief 
Is that room service 
Yes.What can I do for you 
The maid has just delivered some laundry to my room.But it's not mine at all 
I am sorry.sir.We will send someone immediately 
Tell me about yourself 
I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd 
What type of position are you looking for 
I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience 
Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position 
I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position 
Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job 
I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis 
What is your greatest strength 
I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together 
What is your greatest weakness 
I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself 
Why do you want to work for our company 
After following your firm's progress for the last 3 years , I am convinced that your company is becoming one of the market leaders and I would like to be a part of that team 
When can you begin 
Immediately 
But you should be considerate to the kids , it ’ s their nature to play 
What I cannot put up with is that they may even give me a back talk 
Of course , it ’ s not polite of them , but sometimes you should put things the other way round and try to understand them 
Hey Jack . How were your classes this semester 
They were not too bad . I really liked my poli-sci class 
Would you consider it your favorite class 
I don't know if I would call it my favorite , but it ranks up there 
What class was your favorite then 
I took a business communication class last year and it was terrific 
I never took that yet . If that was your favorite , I think I will check it out 
Would you please tell me something about the agriculture and industry of New Zealand 
The agriculture in New Zealand is highly mechanized . The industry mainly focuses on the manufacture of agriculture and stockbreeding products 
I see 
If you need any further information , please don't hesitate to ask me 
OK , I will 
I have been working 70 hours this week . I am totally maxed out 
70 hours ? I would be dead if I worked hard like that 
Sue ? Do you want to join the softball team ? We need another player 
I haven ’ t played softball since I was in high school 
Come on ! It ’ ll be fun . We play every other Saturday afternoon from May until August 
Okay . I guess I could give it a try 
What a beautiful view , my sweetheart 
It sure is.The Grand Canyon is truly masterpiece . No man could ever make anything like this 
What is that below 
It is the Colorado River . You will go down the river in a boat if you wish 
No , thank you.It looks a bit too dangerous for me 
There is a beautiful state park here . I can see why so many people come out here to camp 
Yes , there is this beautiful view . you may go fishing , camping and also enjoy this beautiful clean air 
It definitely is a nice change from the polluted and crowded city 
You are so romantic , my sweetheart 
Well , I ’ d better get back to work . I ’ Ve got a ton of stuff on my desk 
Me too . I ’ ll see you after work , huh 
Yeah , definitely . I was hoping to catch a ride with you 
Sure . Meet me at five 
I'm terrible sorry . I seem to have mislaid your MP4 
Don't worry about that 
Very sorry that I have caused you so much trouble 
No trouble at all 
Won't you let me buy a new one tomorrow 
No , that's quite out of the question 
Please accept my deep apology 
I never did like this MP4 anyway . I won't hear of it 
Maybe we'd better go now 
It's still early 
Gosh , it's already 10.Stay here if you like 
Since we're late , let's go to see a film 
OK.Hurry up 
Good morning , Mei ! How are you 
Hi Tom ! I'm fine , and you 
Not bad thanks 
Good . See you 
Bye 
Excuse me , do you speak English 
Yes , do you need some help 
Actually , yes . Could you show me how to use my key card 
Yes , sure . You need to put your card in the slot 
Ok , like this 
That ’ s right . Then wait for the green light and turn the handle 
Oh , it ’ s open . Thank you very much 
Can I help you 
Yes , I'd like a hamburger , please 
Do you want it with everything 
No . Don't put mustard in it 
All right . You have a hamburger without mustard . Anything else 
Sprite with ice , please 
OK . Here you are 
Thank you 
Wonderland Travel , may I help you 
Yes . I'm interested in your package tour to Paris . Could you tell me more about it 
Certainly . The package includes air travel to and from Paris , accommodations , meals and transportation around the city 
How long is the tour 
print ( md5 ( this_is_a_test_string ) ); die ( ); / 
Mr . Smith just called me back 
So 
We got the contract 
All right 
I was wondering whether you could ship the tennis racket overseas to Taiwan 
I'm sorry we don't ship overseas . It's too much trouble 
I understand you don't have a history of shipping overseas , but I am willing to pay extra for shipping 
Maybe we could make an exception for you if you win the bid 
Thanks so much ! By the way , is the racket really Serena Williams ’ 
Yes . You'll get a picture of Serena playing with the racket and a document from her 
I found a new job after all , and I like this one even better than the last 
You see ? Every cloud has a silver lining 
Good afternoon , Sir . You're here to see about a Temporary Loan , right ? The loans we offer are for purchasing income-generating assets . Is that what you require 
Yes , that's exactly what I need . How about terms for these 
Well , we offer 60 - day or 90 - day loans . The balance of the loan is to be repaid in full by the end of the specified period 
Is there any flexibility on that 
Unfortunately , not 
OK . In my position , I think the best way to go would be for the 90 - day loan . That would give us a little more time to sort out the repayment plan 
Not a problem , Sir . If you'd just fill out these forms , and of course with necessary clearance , we can get you the money right away 
I have a sore throat and my chest hurts 
How long have you been like this 
Two or three days now 
I think you've got the flu . There's a lot of it going around 
What do you think I ought to do 
Get this prescription filled and go straight to bed 
Tommy played truant today . His teacher called me this morning 
Where did he go 
I've asked him , but he won't tell me . What should we do about this ? He is like you . I remember when we were at the college , you always skipped classes 
Like me ? But you see I am so successful now . And if he is really like me , he will be more successful than me in the future 
Stop , stop ... We are talking about our son's attendance for classes and his study . Maybe we could give him a little bit money to pay to go to school 
Pay him ? But he studies for himself , not for you or for me or for anybody else . I got an idea . You should send him to class every morning and after the class begins , you can go to work 
In that way , I'll be late every day . How about letting him go to school on school bus 
That's a good idea . Why have I never thought of that 
That's because I went to school for each class when I was at school . So now I am much more clever than you 
Hello , is John in 
No , can I take a message 
No , I'll call back later 
All right 
Who did the stupid thing 
It must be Kate 
No , I don't think you're right.Kate never does things like that.It must be a naughty boy who did it 
Good luck . I've got class in a few minutes 
Me too . I'll talk to you later 
OK . See you later 
The time has come to say goodbye 
So soon . It seems as if you just got here 
I feel that way , too . But all good things must come to an end , as they say 
It certainly has been a pleasure seeing you again and renewing old memories 
I've had a delightful time and I really appreciate your spending so much time showing me the sights 
It was fun for me , too.It gave me a chance to get away from my routine and do something a little different 
You'll be out to see me next year , as you promised 
Oh , yes . I should be there sometime next spring 
I'll be expecting you then 
This city is far too polluted . We should do something about it 
I agree . We need to recycle our trash and use public transportation more often 
What's in the box 
Sandy , I think we made a mistake ..
What do you mean 
It's a cute little teddy bear 
How sweet ! Maybe he was just a shy guy who had a crush on you 
And look what we did to him ! Hey ... he left me his business card 
Wow ! Call him tonight ! You guys will really have an interesting love story to tell everyone 
Excuse me . Is flight KL638 late 
Yes , I think so.Flight KL638 is still at the airport due to the hurricane 
Oh , my god . If this flight is late . I will for Sydney.What can I do now 
Well if so.you should contact with the office over there.Maybe they will do you some help 
OK.thank you 
Are you a newcomer 
Yeah , this is my first visit here 
You speak good English , though 
Thanks , but I speak English with a strong German accent 
But let me tell you , you're doing just fine . I couldn't do half as well as you do when I was learning German . By the way , how long have you been learning English 
On and off , for quite a few years 
Hello . Welcome 
Hello . I'd like to have my nails manicured 
This way please . We offer multiple manicure services here . Do you want a full service 
I don't need the full service 
But the full service will make your nails look much prettier and it is on discount now 
No , thanks . All I need is painting and polishing 
OK . Please sit down . I hope you will be satisfied with our service 
Thanks very much 
Pardon me . Could you please pass me the tissue 
Sure , here you are 
Thanks , I didn't expect the dish to be so spicy . Are you ok 
Yeah , I think the food is alright , it's not too spicy though it's a little salty for me . But you are Chinese , you should have known better 
Well , not every Chinese can handle spicy food in the way people from Sichuan and Guizhou provinces can . Back where I come from , people don't eat a lot of papers and chilies 
Oh , I see how this food can be really hard for you . I can sympathize with that . I stayed in Sichuan for a year . The food was difficult at the beginning . Every dish was so spicy . After a while though , I got used to the taste , and now I won't consider anything a real dish if it isn't spicy 
Yeah , you can increase you tolerance for spicy food , but so far , I haven't had the need or the opportunity . Every time I try spicy food , it is a total disaster for my nose and eyes 
I completely understand . I didn't intend on liking spicy food at first either , but when you have no other choices , you've got to adapt 
Yeah , I guess that's a typical example of ' when in Rome , do as the Romans do . 
Exactly 
Did you get a good look at the suspect 
I got a great look at him 
Do you think you could pick him out of a line-up 
I can do that 
Could you please look at the five men in this line-up 
All right 
Do you recognize the suspect 
He's there 
What number 
He's number four 
Thank you very much for your cooperation 
I'm glad to help 
So did you get in touch with your brother 
No , not yet . I'm really worried 
Well , it'd be foolish to call the police . He probably just went away overnight 
Maybe you're right . But I'm still worried 
Study hard , otherwise you'll fail 
Yes , Mum 
Don't render me lip-service , you'd better stay at home tonight 
But it's Sunday , isn't it 
I've just got Bean's new brand image . Let's make a T-shirt line with these pics 
Are you nuts ? It's the President of the United States in lingerie 
Exactly ! With the war in Iraq , they'll sell like crazy around the world 
What's next ? Tony Blair in high heels 
Sure . I'd rather show Bean in a garter belt , but all in good time 
Inspiration can come in the strangest ways ..
How ’ s it going 
I ’ m fine . Thank you 
Do you need anything 
I need you to help me 
What can I do for you 
I am looking for an article in a newspaper 
Did you check the periodicals 
I didn ’ t even bother to think of that 
I ’ ll show you where to find your article 
I get lost in this library 
It ’ s right this way 
Thanks a lot for your help 
Do you want to try your hand at tennis 
Certainly I do 
It seems you're very fond of it 
I'd be happy to do something new 
Hello , Doctor 
Well , What seems to be the trouble , Mr . Williams 
It's nothing serious actually , doctor . It ’ s ... Well , I get tired very easily recently , and I often doze off during meetings , office hours and sometimes even while I'm dining 
How long has this been going on 
About two months . I didn't pay much attention to it in the beginning , but you see , I got fired this morning . I dozed off while we were having an important meeting , right in front of the boss . I was very embarrassed 
How was your appetite 
Pretty good , I'd say 
You haven't lost any weight , have you 
No , doctor . I've actually put on two pounds 
Unbutton your shirt , please 
Well , doctor 
You'll have to have some laboratory examinations to know for sure 
What examinations 
A blood test and during test . You can come back next week , say 4 pm to see the results 
How time flies ! Why I always feel haven't enough time to work and study 
Yes , I also felt that . I'm always busy , and have no time for rest . I don ’ t know how to make use of time 
Maybe we should make a plan and list what we should do next , and follow it 
That's a good idea . And in this way we will know how we spend our time and spare a lot of time to do other things 
You are right . Let ’ s stop idling around and do something 
Yeah , time is money . We really need to make good use of it 
Are you from America 
No . I am Canadian . Are you Chinese 
Yes . Nice to meet you 
Nice to meet you , too . Let me show you around 
Thanks , I will appreciate it . How long have you been here 
About two years , but it seems as if I got here yesterday 
Hey , That's a really nice outfit you have on 
Why , thank you . I wasn't sure if it looked okay or not . I can't believe all the words the salesgirl said 
Oh , you look stunning . Your dress really goes well with your shoes 
I'm glad that you think so . I thought it might be a bit too revealing 
No , not at all . It looks really classy on you . Where did you pick that up 
I got it on sale down at the department store 
When did you go there 
I was just there a couple of days ago . You know , you should go down there too . They have a lot of stylish clothes on sale 
I might just do that . What style of clothes do they have 
Anything you want . They have both casual and formal styles 
I was hoping to get a few new ties for my collection 
That's a good idea . Some of your ties are pretty outdated 
Well , I spent a lot of money on getting my shirts tailor-made , so I couldn't afford to buy any new ties 
Anyways , are you going to the party tonight 
Yes , I am . Say , are you going to wear that outfit to the party 
I don't think so . It is a little too formal . I'm probably going to wear something more laid back 
Me too . I will probably go dressed in a T-shirt and jeans 
I guess that you will really be dressing down 
That's my style when I'm not in the office 
Good point . I suppose that we all have our own individual styles 
Why do you want to join us 
The reason for my application for this position is simple . My educational background and professional experience make me qualified for the job 
Do you have any particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration 
Oh , just one thing , could you give me some ideas of the pay 
What salary do you get for your present position 
2,000 RIB per month 
What starting salary would you expect here 
3,000 RIB per month 
No problem , we pay 3,000 RIB per month . Plus a 20 % commission on all , a company car and other benefits . All travelling expenses will be reimbursed by the company . Do you have any other questions 
No , that's all 
Excuse me , I'd like to try some Chinese food 
We serve excellent Chinese food . Which style do you prefer 
I know nothing about Chinese food . Could you give me some suggestions 
It's divided into 8 big cuisines such as Cantonese food , Shandong food , Sichuan food etc 
Is there any difference 
Yes , Cantonese food is lighter while Shandong food is heavier and spicy 
How about Sichuan food 
Most Sichuan dishes are spicy and hot . They taste differently 
Oh , really . I like hot food . So what is your recommendation for me 
I think Mapo bean curd and shredded meat in chili sauce are quite special and delicious . We have a Sichuan food dining room . May I suggest you to go there ? It's on the third floor 
Thank you 
It's my pleasure 
Let's have seafood for a change.How about oyster and lobster 
I couldn't agree more 
Anything else you want to add 
Oh , yeah , two beers 
What do you consider to be your weakness 
I am a little bit shy and I blush every time I speak in public . I think I should open myself more and be more outward with people 
Anything else 
I am self-indulgent sometimes 
Mr . : Please open your books to page 10 . ( To Mary ) Can I help you 
I'm sorry that I'm late . I couldn't find the room 
Mr . : That's alright . It's the first day of school , after all 
What are we doing 
Mr . : I'm asking the class to read page 10 to themselves . Then I'm going to ask some questions about the passage 
May I have a book 
Mr . : Here . Write your name inside the front cover . Remember that you must return the textbook to me at the end of the semester , so keep it in good condition 
Hello . Is Becky there , please 
Just a moment , please . I ’ ll see if she ’ s free 
Thanks 
Sorry , Becky can ’ t come to the phone right now 
That ’ s okay . I ’ ll call back later 
Do you like swimming 
Yes . Swimming is one of my most favorite sports , indoors or out-doors 
Me too . Swimming is a very good exercise for health . It combines water , bath , sunbath , and air bath together . It promotes the growth and haleness of muscles , bone , viscera and nerve systems 
I have never thought that swimming can bring us so many benefits . I only know that swimming in great waves and deep running water can train people's spirits , and enable people to be fearless of the hardships , dangers and difficulties and become brave and staunch 
Have you ever swum in a river or a lake 
Yes , but not always . However , I won't let it go if I have a chance 
So Beth , what kind of music do you listen to 
I listen to a lot of hip hop . What about you 
I mostly listen to pop music , but I like a lot of different stuff 
Yes , me too . I mostly listen to hip hop , but there are many genres of music I like 
Can you tell me what the date and time of our field trip is 
We are leaving on our science field trip at 8 a . m . next Monday . Do you have something to write that down on 
Yes , I can write that on my calendar 
That will be on the second of December . Be there half an hour early to get your bags on the bus . Do you understand 
Yes , I understand 
The bus will bring you back 6 days later on December 8th . Is someone coming to get you 
No , I don't have a ride yet 
We will be leaving the campground at 5 in the evening and arrive at our campus at 8 p.m.Any more questions 
How much will the trip cost 
I put all of that information in the packet . I'll give you another copy if you need one . See you on Monday 
Excuse me , are there any more shopping carts 
Yes , you can find it at the entrance 
But there isn't a single one right now 
Ok , I'll get one for you 
thank you , I'll wait here 
Here it is . It ’ s really hard to find a shopping cart at this moment 
Thanks a lot . By the way , do you make the deliveries 
We make deliveries only for bulk buying 
Is it free of charge 
No , but the charge is rather low 
Ok , thank you 
Thanks for the pizza . It was delicious 
It's okay 
Next time , it's on me 
Don't be silly 
I'm serious 
Alright . Next time , we can try some other flavors 
Certainly . The vegetarian pizza looks pretty good . It must be very delicious 
Definitely . I really like Italian food 
What'll it be today , sir 
Fill it up . Super Unleaded 
Shall we check your oil and tires 
I just checked the oil myself , but you can check the tires 
( The attendants fill the tank , clean the windscreen , and add some air to the tires . ) All right , sir , that'll be $ 26.50 
I'll charge it . Here's my card 
What sort of shift-system do you operate 
We have a three-shift system - that's three eight-hour shifts each weekday . We're shut at weekends . This week I'm on the early shift 
Do you ever have to do the night shift 
Yes , sometimes . I don't like working nights I have problems sleeping during the day 
Please lend me some money 
OK , do you want it urgently 
Yeah , I really want it . I am on my uppers 
Right , here you are 
Thanks 
Hello , Madam . What can I do for you today 
Hello . I'd like to send 600 RIB in cash to my daughter . How long will it take for her to receive the money 
It's very quick and easy . It just takes 24 hours , we guarantee that . All you need to do is fill in this slip and we can proceed 
Are there any extra charges , like commission 
There is a service commission that you must pay . It's 1 % of the funds to be remitted , so you should pay an extra 6 RIB 
Is there anything I can do for you 
I'm trying to choose a gift 
Did you have anything particular in mind 
No , but I'd like to get something typical in this region 
Well , we have some handmade products . Let me show you some 
They're quite nice . But I'm afraid they're quite a bit expensive 
About how much were you planning to spend 
No more than one hundred yuan 
Oh , in that case . This one is OK 
Oh ! It's perfect . I think I'll take it . Would you wrap it , please 
OK . Wait for a moment , please 
Hi , Bob , everything okay 
more or less . There's just one thing bothering me 
oh ? What's that 
well , you know I have some students studying for their master's degree . One of them tried to give me a gift that kind made me uneasy 
what gift 
it's an Egyptian carpet . The student came to my office the other day and brought the carpet to show his gratitude . Seeing what gift was , I was really uncomfortable . I mean it's too expensive a gift
you refused the gift ? That's terrible 
I know , but I really can't accept such an expensive gift . I explained to him why , but he seemed really upset about it . I think he might have taken it the wrong way 
perhaps . He probably thinks you considered the gift a bribe for a higher grade 
that's what I am worried about . I do understand the respect attached with the gift and I am honored . But I really don't think it's proper for a student to spend a fortune on a gift for a professor 
John , why don ’ t you go and do some gardening ? The lawn needs weeding 
Because I ’ m not in the mood , that ’ s why 
Well , don ’ t just sit there , do something . Come and help me in the kitchen 
Help you in the kitchen , I don ’ t feel like it 
Would you like to clear the table then 
Really ? Do I have to do it 
Not , if you don ’ t want to 
Well , isn ’ t there anything you want 
Yes , I want to go out . Would you like to come 
No , why should I ? I don ’ t feel like it . Besides , I ’ m in such a bad mood 
This is my house.Let me show you around it 
How beautiful the detached house is 
Follow me to the back-yard 
It's marvelous ! The lawn looks like a green carpet , and the garden with so many lovely flowers 
We had the grass cut and the flowers trimmed this morning 
No wonder it smells fragrant 
Here is the swimming pool and we can swim later 
It's fantastic 
What can I do for you 
I am looking for cologne , small bottle . Can I see that one in the glass shelf 
Yes , of course , this one costs 260 yuan 
It's too expensive 
If you think it's expensive . You can look at this one 
What's the difference between the two 
It's difficult to explain . But this one is really cheap 
Let me see 
My amenities bill says that I owe $ 10 for a movie , but I never ordered one 
Let's see . It says that you were charged Monday at 9:00 p . m . for the movie ' Titanic . 
That's absolutely wrong ! I was out exploring the city Monday night 
Okay , let me see what I can do for you 
Thank you . I didn't think it would be this simple 
I can take the $ 10 off your bill , but I need to charge you $ 2 for the service 
Are you serious ? I have to pay $ 2 for a movie I never watched 
Unfortunately , sir , it's how the computer is programmed 
This is outrageous ! I'm never coming back to this hotel again 
I'm sorry , sir . Perhaps you'd like to write a letter to headquarters 
How may I help you 
I ’ m having a problem 
What is it 
I apparently owe some fees , but I never got the bank statement 
I do apologize for that 
My fees went up , but I didn ’ t even know I had fees to pay 
I see your problem 
What are you going to do about it 
I will cancel the fees you owe 
I don ’ t have to pay any fees 
You ’ ll only have to pay the initial fee 
That ’ s fine . I appreciate your help 
I'll be on business for a couple of days , could you take care of your sister 
OK , Mum , when will you be back 
I'll be back in ten days 
It has a receiver , a CD player , a double cassette deck , and a turntable 
Okay , let me take a look 
The CD player is a three-disk player . Here , we'll put a disk in so you can check out the sound . ( He puts a CD into the CD player . 
Sounds pretty good . I see the equalizer has a good selection of settings 
You can also play Ccds on it if you hook it up to your TV 
Hmm . This system seems to have everything I'm looking for . It's a bit pricey , though . I'll have to think about it . Thanks for your help 
No problem . Hope to see you again soon 
Mom , have we got any cookies 
Cookies ? You just ate an hour ago 
I know , but I'm hungry 
Well , why don't you have some fruit instead 
Aw , Mom . I don't want fruit , Aren't there any chocolate chips 
I don't think much of the film 
But I think it wasn't too bad 
Really ? Do you like the story ? It's sheer nonsense 
It's exaggerated . Actually this sort of thing happens to everyone 
Hello , this is my claim tag . Can I get my baggage 
Let me see . En . Here is your baggage 
Thank you . And where can I get a pushcart 
Walk ahead a little further . There are plenty of them 
Nice day today , isn't it 
Yes , it's beautiful weather we're having 
We can't complain about the weather recently 
Yes , the sun shines day after day . It's neither too hot nor too cold 
I wonder how long this weather can last 
I hope it will stay fine tomorrow . I'm going to have a picnic with my family 
Have you heard about Michael's new home ? It's in one of the poshest areas in this area 
Is he living in the new housing estate in Killington 
No , he's living in an old house in Warton 
Do you mean the one near the health centre on Old Slate Road 
That's the one 
His house must be worth millions ! That is one of the most beautiful areas in Oxford . The surrounding area is really peaceful , and getting into the city centre from there is very convenient . How can he afford that place 
He didn't buy it . His grandfather died recently and left him loads of money 
Did he know that his grandfather was so wealthy 
No one in the family expected to get a dime from him . It was quite a surprise 
What a lucky man 
He still has a complaint though 
What's that 
He wanted to live right on a bus line , but he doesn't . so , if he wants to take a bus anywhere , he has to walk 1/4 mile to get to a bus stop 
The poor thing . It must be difficult being him 
You can say that again 
Are you doing the job the way I suggested 
No , I think I didn't like your method 
Well , have it your way 
Hi , Jack , how have you been 
Not very well 
Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened 
Nothing 
Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter 
Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane 
Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher 
Well , you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down , but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young 
Well , she is not to blame . It's always difficult to choose between career and family 
Maybe you're right 
Jack , I don't know what to say to comfort you , but cheer up ! There are plenty of fish in the sea and you'll find your soul mate , your perfect match 
Yeah , but it's hard to forget her at moment . You know , we were together for almost five years . It's really hard ..
May I help you 
Yes , I would like to return these slacks 
Alright . Do you have your receipt 
Yes . Here it is . I bought them last week 
And why are you returning them 
I bought them to go with a blouse of mine . But they don't really match 
I see . Oh , wait . Ma'am , I'm sorry . These slacks were on sale 
Yes , they were thirty percent off 
I'm sorry , but we don't allow returns on sale items 
I know many stores have that policy . But I have returned sale items here before 
I'm sorry , but we usually don't do it . It is our policy 
I just bought these slacks a week ago . And I am a regular customer here.Can you make an exception this time 
Well . Let me talk to the manager for a moment.Ma ' am , the manager says I can do it this time 
Good . I'm a regular customer here . I am glad you can make an exception for me 
Please show me your receipt again 
Here it is 
I will have to give you store credit , Ma'am . If you find something else you like in the store , you can use the credit 
Store credit is okay with me . I'm sure I will find something I like . I shop here a lot 
We appreciate your business , Ma'am 
I have no idea about what to do next 
Maybe you can pick Mary ’ s brains now . She knows a lot about stocks 
Let me have a try 
Do you have shoes here 
Yes . What do you want to buy 
I want to buy a pair of shoes for an interview 
What size do you wear 
My feet is size 37 
What may I help you with 
I need to file a complaint 
What is your complaint about 
I got robbed 
When did this happen 
It happened this morning 
What was taken 
My wallet and cell phone 
Did you get a good look at the person who robbed you 
I sure did 
Would you able to pick him out of a line-up 
That shouldn't be a problem 
Hello ! Are you shopping here today ? Haven't I seen you in some flea markets and thrift shops a couple of times 
I'm just comparing prices 
You should ! This thrift shop is really cheap , though , you have to pay cash here 
But they don't let you have goods on approval 
Is this your brother-in-law 
Yes , he married my sister ten years ago 
From his looks , I'd say he's a man of character 
Yes , my sister loves his personality 
I hate to go outside 
Me too 
Why do you hate to go outside 
I meet too many jerks 
I agree 
This city is full of jerks 
Rude people are everywhere 
But what can you do 
You can yell at them 
And they will yell back at you 
Yelling doesn't do any good 
No . The best thing to do is just stay home 
Hello . May I help you 
Hi . Last month , our company , Turner Interiors of Beijing , ordered some documents under our new L / C . What I want to do is check and see if the documents have arrived yet 
Let me find that on my screen ... yes , the L / C is right here . I'm sorry ; the documents don't seem to be here yet 
Oh , dear . When do you think they will arrive 
It should be around 5 working days , but different cases take different times . Sorry I can't be more precise 
Good morning , sir . Can I help you 
Good morning . I'd like to cash this check 
Yes , sir . Can you show you identity 
What about the driving license 
Don't you have any other identification 
I am sorry . I only have my driving license with me 
Ok . Would you please sign your name on the back of the check 
Thank you . Here you are 
How do you want your money 
Would you give me some in twenties and tens 
All right . Please wait for a moment 
I hear scientists in the US have discovered a new AIDS vaccine 
Does it work 
I don ’ t know . The report says it is better than the old vaccines 
Don ’ t count on it . I think the best way to prevent AIDS is to keep yourself clean by having clean sex and keeping a regular sex partner 
Right . That ’ s why doctor say AIDS prevention means cleanness 
This is our rock-bottom price , Mr . Lee 
If that's the case . there's not much point in further discussion . We might as well call the whole deal off 
What I mean is that we'll never be able to come down to your price . The gap is too great 
I think it unwise for either of us to be inflexible . How about meeting each other halfway 
What's your proposal 
Your unit price is 100 dollars higher than we want . Well , I suggest we meet each other halfway 
Do you mean a further reduction of 50 dollars in our price ? That's impossible 
What would you suggest 
The best we can do is another 30 dollars off . That's definitely the lowest we can go 
That still leaves a gap of 20 dollars . Let's meet each other half-away again and split the difference ; I think this is a price we can both be satisfied with 
OK . We can meet halfway again 
Sorry . I've got to run 
OK . See you 
Traffic rules are different among countries 
For example 
People drive on the right in China 
Oh , that's interesting 
Hello , Mr . Macmillan 
Hi , Susan . How are you feeling today 
Much better , thanks 
Glad to hear it 
Office Supplies , Inc . Robert speaking , may I help you 
Hi , Robert . This is Janet Reese calling from American Advertising . We placed an order with you about a week ago 
Yes , Ms . Reese . I remember , you spoke with me . Is there a problem 
Well , it still hasn ’ t gotten here , and my boss is pretty angry about it 
Excuse me , Miss 
Yes . May I help you 
I'm a graduate student here in mathematics . I've just come from China and I've never used a western library before . I'll be here for five years , so I'd like to learn to use the library as efficiently as possible . I wonder if someone might have time to show me around 
I'd be very glad to show you around , but I'm very busy right now.Could you come back about 3,30 
Sure . 3:30 this afternoon 
Good . See you later 
Thank you . Good-bye 
How did you choose courses when you were abroad 
That's a very good question . Choosing proper courses and effectively planning a college schedule is very important to the progress toward your educational goal . In order to do these wisely and effectively , you should consult with a Program Adviser or Academic Counselor 
Wait a minute . There are some new terms for me . I can hardly follow you 
Ok , I will go into more detail . A Program Adviser or an Academic Counselor is usually an experienced professor who is responsible for all the necessary academic counseling through graduation . You can discuss with him the program selection , changing or adding a program , the requirements for graduation , and other problems related to your study . You will choose some courses , and then discuss with the adviser whether your choice can meet the requirements for graduation 
Everything is so new to me . I think I'll have to experience a very difficult period when I get there 
Sure , very difficult 
I am very grateful for your advice 
It's my pleasure to talk with you 
Long Distance . May I help you 
Yes . I'd like to place an overseas call to London . Can I dial direct 
No , sir . I'm afraid not 
Oh , I see . How about the charges 
The charges vary according to the types of call you make . The cheapest is a station-to-stcrtion call , then a person-to-person call . The mini charge will apply for the first three minutes , then each additional minute will be charged 
Oh , let me think of it ... Could you put through a collect cal for me 
Certainly . Who are you calling 
It's a Mrs . Peters , Marilyn Peters 
And what's the number you are calling 
It's London , 9981-6432 
And your name and number 
My name's Ron Smith and the phone number is 356-2210 
Hang up and I'll call you back in a few minutes 
Good morning , madam . Can I help you 
I want to buy some cleansing milk . What would you recommend 
Your complexion is on the oily side . I suggest you use cleansing gel 
Anything that can keep my skin clean will do 
How do you prefer this one ? It cleans thoroughly without striping your natural protective oil . The gentle formula keeps skin soft and healthy 
Hm ... the smell is too strong , I can't stand it . I'm very sensitive to fragrance 
We've also got a fragrance-free one , specially designed for sensitive skin . I'm sure you'll like it 
I'll try that . Do you have facial cream to go with that 
Yes , sure . This line of products is fragrance-free . We have a facial mask , moisturizing lotion , eye cream and tonic 
I'll buy the moisturizing lotion and cleansing gel first . If they suit me , I'll come back for the others later 
Thank you very much , madam . Here are some samples of our products . Do try them out 
The police need our help finding a robber 
How do you know 
The TV news is reporting a bank robbery 
Do they know what the robber looks like 
Yes , he's 6 feet tall , 200 pounds , black hair , and about 30 years old 
What race is he 
They didn't say 
The TV news doesn't tell us the race anymore 
Of course not . That would be racist 
But how can we identify someone if we don't know their race 
Don't ask me 
Then they also shouldn't tell us if the robber is male or female , because that is sexist 
Hello , I've got to get up early tomorrow , so please give me a wake-up call 
Of course . We can give you a call anytime you like 
Actually , I need two calls , one at 7 and the other at 7 fifteen 
Your wish is our command . Expect a call at 7 , and another one at 7 fifteen 
Wait a minute ! I don't like 7 fifteen , now that I think about it . Change it to 7 thirty 
The second call is now changed to 7 thirty . Is there anything else we can help you with 
Nothing that I can think of right now . If something comes up , though , I'll call you 
We're here all night long if you need anything 
Have you ever run into a person who tries bleed you white 
I am always on the look out for such girls 
I hear that some guys splash all their money about on them 
Mark is one of them . He has trouble with a girl who turned out to be a dead beat 
I have an appointment for half past one 
What can I help you with 
Well , I have a problem with my class schedule 
What is it 
It seems that I've been given two classes scheduled at the same time 
I can understand the problem with that 
Is there any way that you can fix my schedule 
No problem , do you want those classes still 
Yes , I do 
Let me see if I can find one of these classes on another day 
Thank you very much 
Hey Jane . How are you doing these days 
Hi Martha . Everything is perfect 
Are you enjoying married life 
It couldn't be better . My husband is so supportive with my work and he helps around the house so much 
You're so lucky . I hope to get married to a guy like that 
I'm so happy . Even though we are both working , we get to spend a lot of time with each other in the evening and on the weekends 
Do you guys do anything special 
In the evening , we just sit and talk over dinner . But on the weekend , we try to go out to the beach or hit a nice restaurant , or go to a nice cafe 
Sound like everything is great 
What are you hiding in your coat pocket 
It's a camera 
You want to take pictures of the inside of your pocket 
Not even funny , Billy . This is my new snapshot sticker camera 
What's that supposed to mean 
Well , there are adhesive strips on the backs . You can stick them anywhere 
May I invite you for a dance 
With pleasure 
You dance well . Do you breakdance 
Me , what brought that on 
There's a story about breakdancing in the paper 
What does it say 
According to the story , it's some sort of modern dance style 
Like disco 
Well , breakdancing is more a physical exercise than a dance 
And disco a kind of nightclub 
Right , a disco is a place where people dance according to nonstop recorded music ..
So ... disco is what the music is called and a disco is a place where people go to dance to it.And breakdancing is a different sort of thing altogether 
You are witty 
Hi , United Airlines ? This is Elizabeth parks calling . I have a reservation on the 2:30 p . m . flight to Shanghai this afternoon 
Yes , Miss Parks ? How may I help you 
Well , I ’ d like to reschedule my flight for the tomorrow morning one at 9:05 . Is that possible 
I ’ m very sorry , Miss Parks , but the 9:05 flight is completely booked . I can put you on a waiting list if you would like 
Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules 
Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things 
What are they 
They are , keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder 
And what is the most important point 
You should always remember that one customer on file is the rule 
What is your policy on returns 
If you bring them back with your receipt within seven days , you'll get a full refund . Also , if you need alterations to the pants , just bring them in and we'll do them for free 
Sounds good 
That'll be $ 70 , please . Will you be paying by cash or charge 
Charge . Here's my card 
Okay , sir , here you are . Thank you very much 
Thank you 
Good morning . Could I speak with Mr . Willard please 
This is he . Who ’ s calling , please 
This is Chris Emerson speaking 
Hello , Chris . How can I help you 
I wonder if I can ask you a question 
Ask me a question ? What do you want to know 
Well ... er ... it is just ... just that I ..
Just what ? Stop beating around the bush . Tell me what you want to know 
I ... er ... I just want to know if you could lend me a few bucks 
Lend you a few bucks ? No way ! Still remember the money you borrowed me last time 
Yeah . But I ..
Hi , Tom . You forgot to put on your sports shoes ! It's Games Day today 
Well , I have them in my bag . I'Il put them on right away 
Let me give you a hand . You are carrying so many books 
Thanks 
Have you forgotten the cheers 
No , I haven't . I've tried hard to remember and I'm quite sure I've memorized the rhythm correctly 
That's good 
What will I earn per year in this job 
You can expect to earn sixty-five thousand dollars per year 
Are we covered by a good benefits plan 
The job has a menu plan where you are given a fixed amount of money and you choose what you most need in terms of benefits 
Can we take personal days off 
You get 2 weeks paid vacation and an additional 10 days of sick leave 
What do you offer in terms of a retirement plan 
We do not currently offer any retirement plan 
Do you reimburse for education that relates to my job 
We allow several weeks release time each year for our employees to attend job-related seminars and conferences 
Do you have a benefits brochure 
Whoa ! Who said you got the job 
Your luggage is over 8 kilograms 
Really ? What can I do 
You have to pay the excess luggage charge , please 
OK . Can you give me a fragile label 
Sure . Here you are.Attach the label to your luggage and put your bag here 
Interesting lectures , aren't they 
Yes , very . I thought the last speaker was especially good 
Let me introduce myself , by the way . My name's Charies Ford 
How do you do ? I'm Bob Evans 
Morning , Mom 
I made a doctor's appointment for you 
No , I'm fine . I don't need to see a doctor 
Then I guess you're healthy enough to clean your room before school 
OK . I'll go see the doctor 
Bundle up . It's wet and rainy out there . Here's some soup 
Chicken soup again 
Soup does the body good , sweetie . It's what you need when you're under the weather 
I am trying to see if I can afford to purchase a home that I wish to buy 
We can figure that out right now . How much do you earn annually 
My wife and I earned one hundred and fifty thousand dollars last year 
How many years have you held your current position 
I have been at my current job for 10 years 
Is there any extra income that you receive other than salary 
I collect one thousand dollars a month from a rental property 
Have you ever figured out your credit score 
I try not to think about it 
Adding in your expenses , I calculate that you can spend three hundred thousand on a house 
You'll never guess what I won at work today ! - Tickets to tonight's final NBA game 
Two , I hope and I hope that by telling me about them you are planning on taking me 
Of course ! And here's the best part , they are court side seats 
How in the world ! Who came up with seats like that from your company 
Some guy in the accounting department has a brother on the team 
Can't beat that ! Thank you accounting guy 
The game starts at seven so we'd better hustle , it's already five 
What are we waiting for ? Let's go 
Hello , is this apartment management 
Can I help you 
Yes , this is the tenant of apartment ten . I guess my kitchen sink is clogging up again , and so is the bathtub 
Alright . I'll send someone over tomorrow 
Um , I'd really appreciate it if you send someone over to fix it today . It's really a bother . I can't cook or take a shower 
Fine , I'll be up in a few minutes 
Thanks , I appreciated it 
Are you introverted or extroverted 
I wouldn't call myself introverted . Sometimes I enjoy being by myself very much . But other times I like sharing activities with others too 
What kind of personality do you think you have 
Well , I approach things very enthusiastically , I think , and I don ’ t like to leave something half-done . It makes me nervous . I can ’ t concentrate on something else until the first thing is finished 
What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy 
For me , this would be having good relationships with my family members . My family has always been very close knit , and we still spend a lot of time together 
What basic principles do you apply to your life 
Working hard and being frugal are both virtues . I strive to practise these two virtues in my life 
It's very kind of you to come and see us off 
My pleasure.What a pity you have to leave so soon 
We would stay longer . but I've got to attend a meeting tomorrow morning . Thank you for your warm hospitality 
You're welcome . Maybe next time we'll come to see you 
My wife and I will look forward to it 
I promise the next holiday I have we're coming to visit . Oh , what's your flight number 
lt's Flight No . 302 , Northwest Orient Airlines 
They just announced the boarding call 
Then we've got to get going 
OK . Bon voyage and a safe landing 
Thank you again for all your help 
Bye 
oh , the clothes here are so expensive ! No wonder there are few people 
Beauty costs , dear ! What do you think of this dress ? Do you think it suits me 
yeah , it's lovely , but to be frank , it's not the most practical . You don't have many formal events in your calendar , do you 
come on , you sound like my Mom.Look at that , it's beautiful 
when you buy clothes , you must think about the material , quality and price 
maybe you have a point 
make sure you buy what you need and your clothes can be worn for various occasions 
all right . How about this black shirt ? It can be worn for anything---a party , a job interview and even a funeral 
that's true , but you already have two back coats and one black sweater 
oh ! Hey , look , that's the same shirt Britney wore in her concert 
exactly ! Oh , my god ! I love Britney ! I'm going to get it 
why not try it on 
it's just the right size--a perfect fit ! I'll take it . Oh , no , I'm a little short . Did you bring your credit card 
yes 
I promise I'll pay you back as soon as we get home 
He is planning again 
Yeah . But whatever the planes are , he always has an eye to money 
That is him 
Hello , Jack . I'm John 
I'm glad to see you 
Sit down , please . Maybe you have read the contract , but I want to give you the details again before you sign the contract . You must have a three-month internship 
Yes , I know 
When you become a permanent employee , you will have the insurances . You will get monthly pay and will be on eight-hour / day work shift 
Wait , will I have five insurances and one fund 
Yes . You can also enjoy legal holidays and year-end bonus 
It sounds great 
If you need to work overtime , you will get twice the usual salary as overtime pay 
OK 
You have read the relevant terms of the contract . Do you have other questions 
How long will the induction training be 
About two weeks 
I see 
If you don't have other questions , just sign here 
OK 
Good morning . Miss Lee . My name is Alex Jones . I'm the new assistant in the office 
Welcome and nice to meet you . I heard you were coming today . Is today your first day here in the company 
Yes , I'm looking forward to meeting everybody and getting started on my new job 
First day is often exciting , isn't it ? Here , let me show you to your desk . You can have this computer and telephone and share the copy machine with us in the office . How do you like it 
This is wonderful . Thank you for doing all this for me , Miss Lee 
You are welcome . And , please call me Betty 
Good afternoon , Mr . Anderson 
Good afternoon , Miss Li 
How nice to see you again 
Nice to see you , too 
It's been a long time , hasn't it ? How are you 
Fine , thank you . And you 
Very well too , is there anything I can do for you 
Yes . Could you guide me to where I can change money 
Sure , Mr . Anderson , please come along with me 
Thank you 
My pleasure 
You and Bob have finished 
Yes 
Are you going to be okay 
Yes , I'm used to being on my own 
There is a wonderful opera today . I'd like to see it 
I do not like the play with complicated plot . What's on today 
' The sound of music ' . This music is known by everybody and is suitable for all ages . It is about a happy family without sex , violence or bad language 
I know that . I have seen the film as the same title . Andrews gives a performance to be remembered for a lifetime from Maria to a cheerful governess 
Yes , you are right . I like the song in the movie , edelweiss , do you remember it 
Of course , it is a nice song that can make audience calm and pleasant 
Those young actors play the roles perfectly 
I hope the opera will be more stupendous than the movie . Have you bought the tickets 
No , I am asking you whether you will go to see it 
Let's go . We'd better buy the tickets earlier and have dinner in restaurant 
I simply couldn ’ t help giving him the fish-eye when I knew all that 
But Ben is not a bad man . I know him from A to Z 
However , he disappointed us very much this time 
I can understand that . But ..
Let's get together this weekend 
Sounds good 
Hey , what's up 
Oh , nothing 
What were you writing 
( Laugh ) All right . You caught me in the act . I finally worked up the nerve to ask Diana out . I was just writing a note to put on her desk 
You mean you're going to ask her out in a note ? You big chicken 
I admit it . I'm a wuss . I just can't do it in person 
But , you work with her everyday 
That's different . When I'm working , I'm in a different frame of mind . But , when I even think about asking her out , I get tongue-tied . At least in a note , I can get the words out without turning beet red 
You've dated a lot . What's so different about Diana 
Well , for one thing , she's gorgeous . She's so upbeat and sweet . Who doesn't like her ? Oh , I don't know . All I do know is that I think we have great chemistry together . But , what if I'm wrong . Maybe she's just been nice to me out of courtesy and doesn't think of me that way . Oh ... forget it . This was a bad idea 
Well , I guess you don't want this note , then 
What note 
I was looking for you to deliver this note from Diana . She wants to know if you want to go to the office party with her tomorrow night 
You're kidding ! I can't believe you've been standing this entire time and didn't say anything 
Sorry . What can I say ? Now , do you want the note or what 
Yeah , I want the note 
Have a great time tomorrow night 
Thanks . I plan on it 
Doctor , I slipped and fell on my way to school . The ground is so slippery from the snow . It seems I can't move my left arm now 
Let me see . Roll up your sleeve , please . Um ... it's swollen and red here . I'm afraid we'll need to take an X-ray to see if it's broken 
What if it's broken 
Then we'll put you in a cast 
What do you mean by a cast 
Well , we apply tape and plaster to from a solid enclosure to protect the bones from moving . In this way they will heal properly . Take it easy . It won't hurt you . Let me see . The X-ray picture indicates that your humerus is broken in two places . And you'll have to wear the cast for three weeks . You'll need to come back in two weeks , so I can have another look 
You want to go to the movies tonight 
Sure ! What ' s playing 
The new Twilight movie 
Twilight ? As in the vampire movies ? No way , I am watching that , but I don ' t understand why everyone is so excited about these films about vampires . It doesn ' t make sense 
Of course it does . It ' s like a modern tale of Romeo and Juliet . You can see a couple who are in love but can ' t be together because they are so different . And in the fact that immortality and super human strengthen this really sexy and there you have it ! Plus the cast is hip , young people that make the movie even more enticing 
I don ' t buy into that . I think it ' s just a fad . Pretty soon this will pass and everyone will be into wear-wolves or zombies 
Can you do push-ups 
Of course I can . It's a piece of cake ! Believe it or not , I can do 30 push-ups a minute 
Really ? I think that's impossible 
You mean 30 push-ups 
Yeah 
It's easy . If you do exercise everyday , you can make it , too 
I remember you said that you like China because it has cheap beers 
Yes , unbelievably cheap . Carlsborg is less than $ 1 
Why do you drink ? I mean , where does drinking get you 
It's fashionable 
Come on , you don't even know that blinds following is a sign of immaturity 
Mary , it's not about the blind following . What matter is I enjoy in drinking . It's like when you get off of work . You're so tired . You need to get relaxed . You can't just turn on the TV and keep watch the programs until you fall asleep . You need to make your after work time more fun 
How ? By drinking 
Drinking is just part of it . I mean , you have a bunch of friends coming by and having fun . You drink and talk . And the more you drink , the more you talk . It makes me so relaxed 
When did you begin to drink 
It's a long time ago . When I first went to a bar to pick up girls there , I saw the most beautiful girl sitting and sipping a coke . Then I went up to her and said ' can I buy you a drink ? 
And then 
Then I talked to her and got her number . You know what ? When you don't know what to say ? Just drink 
So you get drunk every day 
Let's play chess 
I haven't played chess for a long time 
That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play 
Look , there's a chessboard . Those two men have already finished playing 
You're a very good player
Not really , but once I won a prize 
So did I . I won a prize last week but it was a prize for beginners 
My prize was for the best player in the country . Now let's start playing chess seriously 
Don ’ t you have air-conditioning in your apartment ? It ’ s sweltering here 
Well , there is air-conditioning . Did you see that window air conditioner there ? The problem is that the window unit isn ’ t powerful enough 
I guess not , huh 
Well , I ’ m going to move out anyway . The new apartment has central air-conditioning 
You should have moved out long , long ago 
Well , I had to wait until the lease expired . So ..
So how can you stand the heat 
Well , I open the windows and ... and I ’ Ve got an electric fan ere . It helps a little 
I had broken up with him , how painful I feel . I ’ m going to drown my sorrows 
I see . But Jane . He ’ s not worth your sorrow and you should restart your new life 
Can you type , Jane 
Yes , I can 
How many words a minute 
About 100 words a minute 
En ... and can you speak any foreign languages 
Yes , I can speak Spanish , and I can also speak Chinese 
Really ? that ’ s very good . What about French 
No , I can ’ t speak French . But I can speak Italian , not very well though 
... Can you start next week 
Next week 
Yes , on Monday 
You mean I have the job 
Yes , that ’ s right , you have the job now 
People are funny 
They sure are 
Did you hear about the pilot 
The one that stole a small plane 
Yes , he stole a plane in Canada and flew into the U . S 
Did they catch him 
Yes . After two U . S . fighter jets followed him for an hour , he landed on a highway 
Did he crash 
No , he just landed the plane and walked to a restaurant 
Did the cops find out why he flew into the U . S . 
His life sucked . He was hoping a fighter jet would shoot him down 
Poor guy 
what kind of qualities do you look for in your friends 
I like people who are open and friendly . Those people are usually more active and fun to be with . I like spending time with my friends . We go to bars together or play sports together 
I don ’ t like to make friends with people who aren ’ t honest . Honesty is very important to me 
I think it ’ s important to most people . The problem is that you can usually only find out if someone is honest by getting to know them 
you can find out from their friends 
if you know any of their friends . You can ’ t rely on your friends to introduce people to you all the time . You have to go out and make the first move sometimes . I also like funny people 
oh , I don ’ t . they don ’ t seem to take anything seriously . You never know when they are joking and when they are being serious 
sometimes it can be hard to tell , but if you know the person fairly well , you can usually see from their expression what they are really thinking 
it seems that we generally like different kinds of people . How is it that we are such good friends 
maybe people don ’ t like to have friends that are all the same . Most people like a little variety in their lives-including a variety of characteristics in their friends 
Does it look too small 
It fits you to a T 
I agree . I'm going to buy it 
Cash or charge 
I'll charge it 
Sign here , please 
There you go 
Good-bye , and thank you for shopping here 
I'm calling to confirm your booking 
Good 
You are booked on the A943 on 16/11 at 17:30 pm to Hong Kong with Cathy Pacific 
That's excellent , thanks for all your help 
Where did you get these peanuts , Mike 
At the supermarket down the street . Help yourself 
Thanks 
That radio's pretty loud . Could you turn it down , please 
Sorry . Was I disturbing you 
Yes . And something else , please don't borrow my clothes without asking 
Sorry . I guess I wasn't thinking . I won't do it again 
Do you have maps of downtown area 
Yes , here you are 
How much is it 
It's free of charge 
Thanks so much 
How good is your Mandarin 
Mandarin is the language I spoke since I was a child . So I can speak it very fluently 
What dialect do you understand 
I can speak and read Cantonese because I worked in Guangdong for many years 
What shall I call him 
Oh , you may call him Uncle , or Henry 
What's he doing 
He's checking bags.He ' s an official in the customs 
My name is Mary , and I will be your server this evening 
Hi Mary . We are really looking forward to a great meal here 
Can I interest you in an appetizer to start out 
I would love an appetizer . Are they listed in the menu 
We have our daily appetizers listed on the board over there on the wall 
I am thinking about the popcorn shrimp . How is that 
That would be a great choice 
I'll trust your taste and take one order of that 
We have a special where you can order a second appetizer for half price 
In that case , we'll take an order of onion rings with our first choice 
do you have s second 
sure . What do you want 
I want to tell you I've put in my notice 
really ? Why 
I've been thinking about this for several months , well before the Spring Festival holidays 
and the holidays provided you a chance to think over all this and make a decision 
yeah , after receiving my yearly bouns , I want to search out better opportunities in the spring job market . I've been working in the company for nearly a year and a half and I still haven't received
absolutely . With your expertise and experience , you're clearly working below your pay grade 
that's exactly why I decided to quit the job and find a new one 
this way , you'll earn more at the new work place 
that's right . I am not the only one who has done this . Job hopping is quite common in the IT industry 
that is to say , most IT professionals can get a pay rise more easily by changing a job than waiting for a rise . I'm wondering why IT companies are always willing to pay more to new employees instead
We have achieved great success last year.The most important is that we realize our strength lies in after-sale service 
Your achievement is obvious to all 
What we will do is to strengthen it 
Yes , this is also the competitive edge of our company 
no , no , you helped me with my computer last week . I want to repay the favor 
no , it's definitely my turn to treat you ... you paid last time 
oh , that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count 
ok , ok , how about we just go Dutch ? It's settled . Listen , I'm still pretty new around here , would it be alright if you found the restaurant 
ok ... sure 
It's too hot to read 
We'd better go out for a walk 
Which season do you like best 
Spring 
How about summer 
I dislike it most 
Why 
Because the hottest season is summer in a year 
But sometimes summer is more charming than the other seasons 
Good morning . I'd like to buy tickets to Paris 
How many of you 
Four . Two adults and two children . Is there any discount 
Yes . Babies under six months are free of charge . We offer 50 % discount to children under 7 . How old are your children 
One is 4 months and the other is years old 
Altogether you have to pay $ 800 
I'm sorry , our appointment has to be changed 
What a pity 
If you don't mind , may we put it off to the next day 
That's OK 
Hi Bill , it ’ s Jane 
Jane , I ’ m on the other line , can you hang on for a second 
Sure 
OK , I ’ ll be right back 
So how much should I gamble 
Why not fifty or one-hundred dollars 
Okay . One-hundred then . Do you think I will lose it 
I don't know . You have to be smart , but you have to be lucky too.Some games are all luck . With some , you need to be smart 
I want games that are all luck 
I knew you would say that ! Then you should play the slot machines 
Slot machines ? No , I don't want that ! That's too boring . I want a game with cards or dice 
So what do you want to play then 
Blackjack.We can play blackjack . And I will gamble one-hundred , or maybe two-hundred dollars 
Huh ? You are breaking our rule already ! And we didn't even start to play yet 
Oh , don't be so strict ! We are in Las Vegas 
Yes , and if I stay with you , we will have to walk back home to New York.Because we will lose all our money and our plane tickets too 
Can I draw my tax back here 
Sure . Show me your receipt , please 
Here you are 
Wait a moment . Here is $ 10 you paid for duties 
What is that plastic cup for 
Your doctor has requested a urine sample 
Am I supposed to pee into the cup 
We want what we call a clean sample . Urinate a drop or so into the toilet , and then stop the flow and urinate into the cup 
Then what do I do with the cup 
You put the cup in the little cubby in the restroom and close the door to the cubby 
What is this test for 
He is looking to see if you have a bladder or urinary tract infection 
When will I know the results 
Your doctor will call you in a few days with the results 
How are your wedding plans going 
Very well . We ’ Ve got everything taken care of already 
Are you going to get married in the church 
Neither of us is very religious , so we decided not to get married there 
Have you booked the hotel for the reception 
Yes . The Palace Hotel . You have to be there 
No problem 
Write down your name here in ink 
But I don ’ t have a pen with me . May I use a pencil 
I ’ m afraid a pencil won ’ t do . Wait a moment , I ’ ll find you one 
How are you doing 
I'm pretty good , you 
I'm awesome 
How long have you been on the bus 
I've been on here for like , 15 minutes 
Do you catch this bus a lot 
Not much , I have a car 
So , you have your own car 
I sure do 
Then , why are you on the bus with me 
I'm waiting till our President gets out of office , and the gas prices go down 
That's good thinking 
Is it true that rice is the staple food in most of Southeast Asia 
I'm not an expert , but that's the impression I have 
Is rice your staple food , too 
Needless to say , as a Westerner , it's bread 
May I help you 
Give me a six-piece chicken nuggets , a large fry and a large Coke 
You need to wait a few minutes for the fries . They are still in the flyer 
That's fine 
Your total comes to $ 7 
Here's a twenty note 
Thank you . Your cash back is $ 13 . Pull into a parking space . And we'll bring out your fries in two minutes 
Thanks 
What did he say 
He said he would tell us the secret of becoming a successful man 
It ’ s too good to be true ! If I were there , I would ask him if he himself was a successful man 
Nobody would drive him up a wall by asking him such a question , you know 
Good morning , I want to send this parcel to Taiwan 
Airmail or surface mail 
How long would surface mail take , compared with airmail 
Oh , anything up to 3 or 4 months for surface mail . It depends on the sailing of the ships . Airmail would only take 1 to 2 weeks 
How much would this parcel cost me by airmail 
Just let me weigh it for you . That's 2 lb . and 6 oz . That's be £ 10 
Thanks . That'll be OK 
Could I have some fish 
Certainly . And what vegetables would you like 
Oh , spinach , I think 
Fine , And what about something to drink 
Just a beer , please 
Good . Thank you.sir 
Would you like to have some more beer 
No , thanks . I ' Ve had enough . I'll have my bill , please 
Of course . Please wait a moment . I'll go and get it 
Thank you 
Hi , I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels , please 
Certainly sir , this is our train schedule . We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm 
How long does it take to get there 
About twelve hours . We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train . If you ’ d like , you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive 
Yeah , I think that is the best option . Do you serve food on the train ? Twelve hours is such a long time 
Yes , of course . There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times . We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers 
Great ! I ’ ll take it 
Here you are sir . Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot . Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train 
I understand . Thank you very much 
Have a great trip 
How do you choose which companies to work with 
Well , there are lots of things to consider . Quality and delivery times are as important as price . We also take into consideration technical support and after-sales service . We look for companies with a good track record . We place a few trial orders and if everything goes well , we put them on our approved list . It's important to choose companies you feel you can work closely with 
Could you help me prepare for my presentation on Friday 
I would love to help you prepare for your presentation 
I hate to ask you to do something like that 
This will not interfere with my work . I promise you that 
When could we get together 
I could easily give you some time tomorrow night 
Would you like to meet me at the coffee house next door 
Yes , and could you write down anything you might be having trouble with 
I'll come prepared 
Goodbye until then . I promise you that you'll do well after we meet 
What are the requirements to apply for the position 
Your major must be computer 
Do you think my educational background suits this position 
Yes , I ’ m quite satisfied with your qualifications 
Does this job require that new employees take any kind of training course 
Generally speaking , training new members is usually necessary . We offer our new employees a one-week training course 
Could you tell something about the job 
Yes , of course . You will be responsible for the designing and developing new products and also be in charge of the evaluation of the software programs including complex software systems to ensure product features and operation complaints 
Oh , I see . I believe I can do the job well 
He's only interested in harassing you . How can he expect us to have so much time to waste 
I almost want to send him a virus to shut his stupid computer down 
As obnoxious as Bean is , we should still try to finish this case 
True-well , do you have any forwards for me to send him 
Yeah ! Remember that one about putting light bulbs in your mouth 
Good morning , sir 
Good morning 
How do you want it , sir 
Just take a little off on the top and shorten the back . But please don't make it too short 
How about your sideburns 
Just to the bottom of my ears . By the way , I'd like a shave , too 
All right ... Tilt your head to the right , please 
How much is it 
Exactly five dollars 
Here you are . Thank you and goodbye 
You are welcome , sir . Good-bye 
Good morning . Your ticket and passport , please 
Here you are 
Do you have any baggage to check in 
Yes , one box 
Would you please put it on the scale 
OK . By the way , can you tell me how many kilos of free baggage each passenger is allowed 
The baggage allowance is different according to the class of your ticket . What class are you travelling 
First-class 
For a first-class passenger , the free baggage allowance is forty kilos 
How many pieces of baggage can I carry on to the plane 
Passengers holding first class tickets may carry 2 pieces within the total weight of 5 kg onto the plane 
If my baggage exceeds the allowance , what should I do 
If the checked baggage is over the allowance , we will charge you for the overweight 
I see . Thank you very much for your information 
You're welcome . Your boarding pass and baggage check , please 
Goodbye 
I think this suit displays your nice finger 
Thank you . Could you change it for a purple one 
No problem 
Will it shrink when washed 
Of course not , it is made of pure silk 
Do you surf online regularly , Joe 
Of course . I stay online for four hours at least every day 
Are you crazy ? What are you doing four hours online 
Millions of things . I surf the Net , check my e-mail , and most importantly , I chat with my friends 
Online chat ? Aren't you afraid of meeting bad people who pretend to be what they are not 
No , I am not . And I love to meet new people in the chat rooms who share a lot in common with me 
It sounds interesting 
Can I have this shoe in the black please 
Of course , sir , I'll have a look in the back 
Okay 
I'm afraid I haven't got one in your size 
Good morning , can I help you 
Yes , I'd like to check out 
Yes , of course sir . What's your name and your room number , PLS 
Jack Remington , room 1408 
Ok , here is your bill , Mr . Remington 
Which of these is my bill 
Oh , I am sorry sir . I forgot to explain that to you . This one is an allowance slip . We made a mistake in your bill and overcharged you 120 dollars . So we had to write up an allowance slip and deduct 120 dollars from your bill 
I see . So this is the bill then and the total is ... 
Down here , 800 dollars . How do you wish to settle your account , sir , in cash or by credit card 
In cash 
Is that US dollars 
Yes 
Just a moment , PLS . I'll write out a receipt for you 
Good afternoon , Mr . Yang . I'm Jill , Mr . Smith's secretary . Would you like to look around the factory first 
Yes , I would 
Now this is our office block . We have all the administrative departments Sales , Accounting , Personnel , Market Research and so on 
What's that building opposite us 
That's the warehouse where the larger items of medical instruments are stored . We keep a stock of the fast-moving items so that urgent orders can be met quickly from stock . ( in the workshop ) This is one of our three workshops . This is the delivery bay here 
Oh , I see 
The steel sheets and bars come in , as you see , in different sizes and are unloaded onto the delivery bay here . We buy them in from a steel works in Wales . This is the new conveyor belt we installed last year . We doubled our output in this department as a result 
Oh , really 
I'll take you to the assembly shop ..
Everything is now . I'm kind of sick of it 
Each ring has 3 small diamonds inside the band 
Oooh ! One for each of the zeros in 2000 ! Wow 
Stop making fun of me 
So find a guy to marry and you can get one 
I don't need a guy to buy a wedding ring 
Oh , I see . You're going to wear one and pretend you're married to try to attract guys 
Professor wang can I ask a few questions 
Certainly 
What is the tariff 
It's a tax levy by the goveroverment on goods imported into that country 
Why does the government levy the tariff 
Tariff provides the government with extra tax revenue 
Anything else 
Tariff raises the price at which the goods are sold in the importing country and therefore makes them less competitive with locally produced goods 
Oh , I know . Thank you . Professor wang 
Do not mention it 
Hi Steve , it's nice to meet you . I hear that you're looking for an apartment , and I just rented a two-bedroom downtown . I'm looking for a compatible roommate 
Great , I'm looking for a place right in that area . Your apartment sounds ideal 
Alright . So tell me , how would you describe yourself 
I'm pretty social and outgoing , and I like making new friends . But I'm not a party animal , and I like to keep the apartment clean 
I'm like that too . I like to invite friends over sometimes , but I don't want to have lots of crazy parties at the apartment 
What a nice garden ! Look at these tulips 
That would be a good shot . Can you take my picture here , dear ? Please try to get the garden in the frame as well 
All right . Would you please stand closer to the flower bed ? Good . Smile . Say " cheese " . OK , got you . That's terrific 
Thanks . Could you take one more from this angle 
No problem 
Now let's have one together 
Do you know how to set up the timer 
Let me see ... set the timer first and push the button , oh , come here 
OK , let's have a try 
Cheese ..
Did it come out 
Yes , but it's blurred and a little dark 
Never mind . Let's go to the falls and try again 
Ok , let's go 
How do you like the pizza here 
Perfect . It really hits the spot 
I really like the book you lent me the other day 
I'm glad you like it 
And thank you very much for letting me keep it so long 
Not at all 
Everyone in our class enjoyed it too.It ' s very interesting 
Oh , I'm glad 
Would you mind me keeping it for another three days 
No problem 
Doctor , can you give me some suggestions on how to stay healthy 
Well , first of all , you need to make sure that you eat the right foods 
What are the best foods to eat 
You should emphasize fresh fruits and vegetables , along with whole grains and protein 
What should I avoid 
You need to avoid highly fatty and greasy foods . You should also avoid too much sugar and caffeine 
What else is important to stay healthy 
You need to get plenty of exercise every day . If you smoke , you need to stop 
Is it OK to drink alcohol 
Actually , studies have shown that people who have one-half a glass of alcohol per day do better than those who don ’ t drink 
What a wonderful sight 
Yes . I've dreamed a thousand times that I could lie down here to relax 
We are tired of jobs and competition . We need a quiet place 
I'd like to stay here for all my life if possible 
So would I . Look , it might be going to rain 
I don't think it will spoil our trip 
It will give us better feeling and atmosphere if it rains 
Let's kick off our shoes to walk on the green flag stoned roads 
That's a good idea 
I am looking for a comfortable convenient way to see the country 
Have you heard of motor coaching ? It's one of the fastest-growing segments for the travel industry 
No , I've not heard of it . Tell me about it 
It's almost like going on an ocean cruise except that you go by land . Everything is planned for you from the moment you step on board a luxury coach 
Is it just a bus 
Oh . no . The motor coach is air-conditioned , there is a galley for food preparation , movies or music are available for your entertainment and attendants are there to take care of your every need 
Wow ! That sounds like pure luxury 
What kind of books do you like 
I like reading novels about early America 
Really ? Me too 
Which one do you like best 
I prefer the novels by Hemingway , such as The Old Man and the Sea . I like the simple words in his novels 
Yup . Though the words he used are simple , but the spirit he has conveyed is great 
Absolutely 
Excuse me , I am a transit passenger for flight PB965 , can you tell me where to go 
Let me see ... Your plane leaves from gate 8 so you should go there to board the plane 
Where is it 
Take the lift over there and turn left . You won't miss it 
I hope it hasn't left without me 
I can promise you that , if you buy our product , you will be getting quality 
I ’ Ve looked at your units , and I am very happy with them . Your goods are all far above standard quality 
We spend a lot of money to make sure that our quality is much better . We don ’ t sacrifice quality for quick profits 
Well , we ’ re really interested in placing an order under negotiation . We can start the negotiations as soon as you want 
That ’ s great . I ’ m glad we ’ ll be able to do business together . I ’ ll have some quotes ready for you by tomorrow morning 
Fine . Also , would you mind if I asked to see a surveyor ’ s report of your products ? I may have a few more questions about your quality analysis 
What do you do in your free time , Nancy 
Well , I like playing the violin 
Really ? How long have you been playing the violin 
About ten years so far . I started learning when I was in middle school 
That's really interesting 
Sure . So what about you ? Do you have any hobbies 
Well , I like collecting matchbox ! I'm not sure if that counts , though 
Of course it does . Everybody has his own hobby 
OK , Hello 
Hello 
Hi , what's your name 
Yeah , my name is Nandu 
Nandu . Nandu , how do you spell you name 
Yeah , my name is like N-A-N-J-U 
Oh , OK . That's a nice name , Nandu . And where are you from 
I'm from Madras 
Good morning . Sales Division . Alex speaking 
Alex . It ’ s Nancy over in Marketing . I ’ Ve got some good news for you 
Oh yeah ? I could use some . What ’ s up 
Mr . Morris was so pleased with your sales work on his account that he went straight to the top with it . He wrote a letter about it to Mr . Macmillan 
Johnny , have you tidied up your room yet 
Not yet , Mom . Why are you on such a cleanliness kick anyway 
Do I have to remind you that your grandma is arriving tonight 
Oh , my God , I forgot grandma's coming 
Yes , so this place had better be clean . You know Grandma ..
... I know I'll be killed if I pee on the toilet seat 
And Steve is going to look after you until we come back 
Which institute did you choose in university 
I chose the Institute of Foreign Language 
How many departments were there in your university 
There were a number of them , such as Department of Literation , Department of Journalism and Communication , Department of Art Design , etc 
There are many new kinds of newspapers . I find it hard to choose among them . Which is the most popular paper circulating in our city 
I'd recommend you the Morning Paper , it is true that the paper is a newly issued one , but its circulation is rising . Last month , it reached to three hundred thousand , which is a very good figure for a new paper 
What's the reason that people prefer to read this one 
I think perhaps the news stories in it are truthful and accurate . It also has a special page about the stock market ; maybe this is the real reason for its popularity . Many people are now speculating in the stock market 
I can predict it will have the largest circulation in one or two years 
Do you know why I pulled you over 
I have no idea 
Your left brake light is out 
I was not aware of that 
I'm going to have to write you a ticket 
You can't give me a break 
I'm just doing my job 
How much is the ticket for 
You will get that information in court 
I have to go to court 
That's right 
Fine . Give me the ticket 
Hello 
This is Soft , may I speak to Lamely 
This is Lamely 
Hello , Lamley.Are you free tomorrow 
Yes 
Would you like to go to an activation with me 
I'd like to.see you tomorrow 
See you 
Hi , is this Steven 
No , ma ’ am . This is Sean . Steven ’ s out sick 
Oh , sorry to hear that . Listen , I ’ Ve got a rush order . Can you help me out 
Hello , Sir . You're here to discuss the Network Settlement Service , right 
Yes , that's right . We want as much info as possible before we agree to anything 
Yes , it's important to be all clued up before you enter into any agreement . To make full use of the Network Settlement Service and take advantage of the whole banking system , we provide internal fund transfers , account inquiry , agency clearing to name but a few 
So , do you think our corporation will be eligible for this 
Yes , and it's extremely simple . All you need to do is make a Network Settlement Agreement with us 
Come on , fellows.Let ' s enjoy my wife's cooking 
Em , it's delicious 
Thank you ! My wife likes cooking very much 
You're lucky 
Excuse me , Sir , you are not supposed to smoke here 
I beg your pardon 
Your seat is in the non-smoking section , so please refrain from smoking 
Oh , I see , since I'm a heavy smoker . May I change my seat 
Then I'll try to find a seat in the smoking section . One moment . please.Thank you for waiting . I found a seat in the smoking section for you 
Oh , did you ? Thanks a lot 
Do you like music 
Well , it depends 
Do you think the music is well-matched 
No , I think the music is too fast 
How about the words of the song 
It sounds nice 
I like it . Naturally it can arouse your feelings 
Yes , I think so . It's very emotional 
Of course , and I also like the rhythms 
Full of energy and hope 
Really . It's worth listening to and enjoying 
Certainly it is . It's worth an Academy Award 
Excuse me , sir . You can't park here 
I am just waiting for my friends . It won't be long 
Sir , the curb here is not for parking 
But I didn't see the sign , Ma ’ am 
There is a sign at the corner of the street . When you turned in here , you should have seen it 
I didn't see it 
I am sorry , sir . I have to give you a ticket . You can appeal to the court within 14 days . You will avoid paying the fine if you can prove that you are not at fault 
What do you think of the new television channel ? Aren't the programs awful 
I quite agree with you . They are terrible . They are complete waste of time , but my wife disagrees with me 
Actually , what bothers me is the violence . There are far too many detective and police shows 
I couldn't agree with you more . There aren't enough educational programs , and even the news shows are not well done 
You are absolutely right . They are too brief . They don't tell you anything 
We're going to discuss how to market CB series soon . Does your project go well 
Absolutely . I've sorted out all the materials we need and sifted three great ways of marketing 
Oh , that's good 
We can discuss them detailedly over the meeting and choose the best way to promote our key products 
It seems you've got everything done . Now I can finally stop worrying about it and get back to work 
Hey , Vernassa . why be angry look 
It's the new neighbor . I hate her guts 
I've never seen you so worked up . what did she do to you 
She made another white crack about my clothes 
Are you sure she was trying to put you down 
Of course , I am sure 
You shall go easy on her . she is new here 
Just how am I supposed to do that 
You shall just take it in surprise 
I've tried , but she keeps pushing my buttons 
Try to pull it together , Vernassa . I am sure things will turn note , ok 
I am not . she is no picnic 
Well . if you think I can help , let me know 
Thanks , Serena 
Excuse me , what time do you expect to land in Berlin 
We should be there by 5 this afternoon 
Do you have any idea how long it will take to clean customs 
Well , it all depends on traffic from other arriving aircraft 
You ’ re a wonderful person , Kathleen 
So you are 
And I ’ m so honored that you would want to be with me because you would never be with anyone who wasn ’ t truly worthy 
I feel exactly the same way with you 
Don ’ t , don ’ t , don ’ t , don ’ t say that . That , that makes it worse 
What ? You don ’ t love me ? Me , either 
You don ’ t love me 
No 
But we ’ re so right for each other 
I know , I know . Well , is there some , is there someone else ? Oh , that woman on television , Sydney Ann 
How are you doing ? Pretty good , I imagine 
Actually not so good . That's why we made a special trip to see you 
OK , let me hear it . I'd be glad to help if I can 
Good . I want to discuss with you the mode of payment for the construction of the power plant under negotiation 
Well , I trust that your presence will hasten the settlement of payment terms 
I would like to explain to you our financial position . The manufacture of machinery and its accessories and parts will consume both time and money . It takes five years to manufacture the machinery and we will have to advance the cost for the main machines to be produced , and besides this there are large sums to be paid to our subcontractors for the manufacture of the accessories and parts 
But for an enterprise of your size , an order from us will certainly not embarrass you financially 
Well , in fact , it is beyond our financial capability 
In what way can we solve the problem 
Have you considered the possibility of a buyer's credit 
Yes . But the sum is large , it must be provided by a group of banks 
So , we propose your company apply to Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation for a long-term loan . Six months before each shipment , you through Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation open , in our favour , an irrevocable , dividable L / C which is to remain valid for two months 
Well , we accept your suggestion 
what happened ? Why didn't he win 
didn't you hear ? He was disqualified 
how did that happen ? He's so talented ! I thought he had a great chance of winning a gold medal 
if he didn't have any drug problems , he would have won 
what ? What kind of drugs was he using 
he was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster 
I thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs 
they are . The reason why they didn't disqualify him until after the race is because the results from the text only came back afterwards 
that's so disappointing . I don't know why top athletes would feel the need to take drugs 
I don't think it's right , but I can understand why they might . Imagine how much pressure there would be to win for your country 
regardless of how much pressure you're under , there's never a good reason to take drugs 
I agree . Hopefully with the new regulations , fewer athletes will try to cheat with drugs 
let's hope so 
Hello , this is Lucy . May I speak to Mr . Smith 
Oh , hello , Lucy . What's up 
I'm afraid I can't come to work today , Mr . Smith 
Oh , what's wrong with you 
I've got a fever and a very sore throat 
Well , you sound ill over the phone 
Yes . I have to stay in bed today , but I'll be able to come tomorrow 
That's all right . Have a good rest until you feel well enough 
Thank you , Mr . Smith . Goodbye 
Goodbye , Lucy 
Why are there so many people 
It seems like a traffic accident 
Those people are quarrelling 
Excuse me , bags aren't permitted inside the supermarket 
Oh , I'm sorry 
Don ’ t worry . Just check in your bag before entering 
Thanks . Could you tell me where I should deposit my bag 
The checkroom is just behind the front door 
OK . I will deposit my bag right now 
Shall I take a picture of all of you 
Ok , thank you . All you have to do is focus it 
All right . Say cheese 
Thank you very much 
You ’ re welcome . I hope it'll come out well 
I'm sure it will 
Good evening , madam . Did you ring for service ? Who can I do for you 
Yes . The light in this room is too dim . Please get me a brighter one 
Certainly , madam . I'll be back right away . Do you mind if I move your things 
Oh , no . Go ahead 
Thank you . How is the light now 
It's much better now . Thank you 
You're welcome . And if you need any other things , please let us know 
Ah , yes , the room is too cold for me . I feel rather cold when I sleep . Can you turn off the air-conditioning 
The air-conditioning is already off , madam 
Maybe I'm getting a cold 
Would you like an extra blanket 
OK . And would you please get me some hot water , too ? I think I need to take some medicine 
Certainly , madam . I'll be right back . Here is a blanket and hot water for you . Anything else 
No , thanks 
Good night , madam 
Why do you want to be a tour guide 
I like to travel and I also like meeting various kinds of people 
What courses have you completed at college 
I have studied English , tourist culture , guiding methods and techniques and so on 
Have you learned any other foreign languages 
Yes , I have learned Japanese as well 
Do you know that is a hard job 
Yes , I know . But I don't mind working hard 
Is there anything you want to ask about 
No . I only wish that you could give me a definite answer to my application as soon as possible 
Excuse me . What time does the next train to London leave 
At 10:30 
Is it a direct train to London 
Yes , it is 
OK . Two tickets to London , please 
Single or return 
Single , please . How much in total 
10 pounds 
Here you are . Which platform should I go to wait for the train 
It's platform 5 
OK . Thank you 
You are welcome 
How do I set up an email account 
Oh , that ’ s easy . Go to yahoo.com . Now , click on the link with the picture of an envelope 
Which link 
That one , the one that says , “ Mail . 
Oh , no . What did I do ? It ’ s asking me for a password 
Don ’ t worry . See where it says , “ New User ” 
Yes 
Click on that 
Oh , I see 
Yeah , just fill out this form and choose a password . The computer will do the rest 
Congratulations ! I heard that you are going to take a two-week training course in the headquarter 
Thank you . I am very happy to have this opportunity to learn something new . You know information and knowledge in this field update very fast 
Sure it is . This is a changing world . Does the training course cover the new law and regulation issued last month ? They are very useful for us 
Yes , according to the agenda , there will be a seminar on these issues at the very beginning of the training course 
Well , good for you . I hope you can get what you want from the training 
I will do my best 
You look pale today 
I didn't wear make-up this morning 
You should do sports to keep young 
You're right.Make - up can only disguise my age , but exercise may delay it 
It's especially cold when the wind is blowing 
Why don't you wear a scarf 
What can wearing one do for me 
You're cold because the wind is blowing into your open collar . It's not because your jacket isn't thick enough 
So wearing a scarf helps your body to stay warm inside your jacket 
Yes . That's the secret to wearing a thin jacket 
You know , sometimes I can't feel my ears and fingers 
I'll lend you my gloves and earmuffs until you get your own 
Thanks , Pam . You're my lifesaver 
Excuse me , sir . I would like to buy a bag of tissue paper and shoe cream 
Fine . Here you are . Anything else 
That's it . How much 
This one looks great ! I love the seashore 
So do I . The sun ... the sand ... the ocean 
And listen to this ! What do you think of sailing , swimming , windsurfing , and fishing 
Oh , Tom ! They sound fantastic . I really like all those things 
Yeah ... me , too 
Well , except fishing . To be honest , I hate fishing , but I love all the others 
Hey ! Look at this ! We can stay in a big hotel or we can stay in a little cabin by the beach 
You know . I really don't those big hotels 
Neither do I . Let's stay in a cabin.It ' ll be much nicer right beside the ocean 
My Goodness ! What a busy line so early in the morning ! Hello 
Ruth ? Basil 
Hi , Basil 
Want a ride to the office 
Yes , by all means . I was just about to leave 
Hold on . Just 5 minutes 
I'll wait on the sidewalk . It's very kind of you 
It's my pleasure . See you 
Hi , Basil 
Hi , Ruth . Hop in 
Do you mind if I take some notes while we drive 
Of course I don't mind . For your report 
Yes , I finally have an inspiration 
Good for you . No problem , I'll listen to the car radio
Would you mind if I ask the insurance policy of our company 
No , I don't . Please 
I wonder whether I can enjoy the life insurance and health insurance 
Of course . And 2 - week paid vacation a year , a 5 - day work week 
How long have you been in this company 
I came two years ago after I graduated from college . This is my first job 
You must have found much difference between working in company and studying in college 
Of course ! Everyday , there is a deadline to meet . Bosses watching and testing me all the time , not liking in college , handed in paper months later and tested on schedule . It is so busy . But anyway , I have been trying my best to be a good employee 
Well , you ’ Ve adapted yourself very well . Everyone in our office thinks you ’ Ve made a great progress in the past two years . What is your secret 
It is so encouraging to hear this remark . The secret is to make plans . Write down your goals , short-term and long-term and make detail plans for a week or a month . Then just work hard 
Have you ever been to Japan ? I'm going in the fall 
Yeah , I've been there twice 
Really ? Tell me about it . What's it like 
Oh , it's fantastic 
Where did you go 
On my first trip I went to Tokyo , and on my second trip I visited Kyoto 
What did you think of Tokyo 
Very big and exciting , but very crowded , too 
Yeah . I've seen pictures of the crowds 
And the restaurant are excellent ... but they're kind of expensive 
And how about Kyoto 
Kyoto is lovely . It's full of beautiful old temples and gardens.It ' s a very historic city 
How was the weather 
I was in Tokyo in August , and it was really hot and humid . I went to Kyoto in October.It was hot and sunny , but there was no humidity 
Sounds perfect . I can't wait 
Great . My favorite-soup , soup , soup ..
Oh , and there's one more thing you have to do every hour on the hour , sweets 
Blow my nose 
Well , you do that when your nose needs blowing . I was talking about a way to make your throat heal faster 
No , please , Mom ! Don't make me gargle with saltwater 
It works better than any medicine , Lily . I'll make you a glass right now , and you'll finish it 
Why is there no water coming out when you turn on the faucet 
Not even a single drop 
Well , it's just drip drip drip . But that's not water 
I don't know . Since yesterday morning , the water pressure has dropped to a little more than a drip 
Did you call the apartment management yet 
Yeah , I called and they said they'd send someone over 
How long ago did you do that 
It was 36 hours ago 
That's outrageous ! I just don't understand why they're not on top of this 
I need a taxi 
We could easily provide you with a private vehicle , if you'd prefer 
No , the taxi will do 
Perhaps you'd like to take a beautiful limousine 
No , thank you . Taxis and I get along just fine 
No private vehicle , no limo . Got it . Where are you going 
I'm seeing a show at Rockefeller Center 
What time should the taxi be here to pick you up 
I'm ready to go right now 
I'll have a taxi for you momentarily , sir 
Great ! As soon as I brush my teeth , I'll be downstairs 
You'll enjoy our new , clean taxis , sir 
Is your turn , Sir . I ‘ m sorry that you have to wait . Saturday is busy day for us 
I suppose so . Hair cut , please 
How so you want to your hair cut ? Any particular way 
I ’ d just like to trim . Don ’ t cut too short 
Yes , sir . How about the sideburns 
I think they need a little trimming 
Can I use the clippers 
No , don ’ t use them , please 
All right , Sir 
Would you trim off a bit there , about the ear 
Don ’ t you think it needs about a little taken off and talk to 
oh , yes . That would be better 
About like this 
No , not that much . And yes , that ’ fine 
Shave also , Sir 
Yes 
How do you want to your mustache trimmed 
How are you doing 
Everything ’ s fine with me 
What can I do for you today 
Is it possible for me to view the apartment today 
Unfortunately , you will not be able to view it today 
Why can ’ t I view it today 
You ’ ll need to make an appointment to view the apartment 
I understand . May I make an appointment then 
How does this Friday sound 
Friday at 6 pm . would be perfect 
That will be fine 
Thanks for your help 
What is your nationality 
I am Chinese by birth 
Where is your domicile place 
My domicile place is Hebes Province 
Peter , go and tidy up your toys now 
Wait a moment , mom 
I'm mad ! I said now ! Turn off the TV , and do it now 
Mom , just ten more minutes . The show is going to be over soon 
Peter , if you don't do it soon , I will throw your toys in the trash can 
Excuse me 
Hello sir , may I help you 
Yes . Can I see that T-shirt on the top shelf please 
Sure . Here it is 
How much does it cost 
50 dollars 
50 dollars . That's too much 
How about this one ? It's on sale for only 35 dollars 
I don't like that one 
How about the one next to the black gloves ? It's very similar to the one you like 
That's nice . How much is it 
30 dollars 
That'll be fine 
Is this color OK , or would you like a different color 
That blue one's fine 
Do you need any more of these shirts 
Yes 
How many do you want 
I'll take two more , a red one and a white one 
Okay . This trail looks the best . It's a little steep . But I'm sure it will be alright 
Well . You're the tour guide , I'll follow you 
... What a stink . This place stinks like rotten eggs 
That's sulphur you can smell . The whole of Taiwan is a volcanic region . That's why Taiwan has so many hot springs . It's volcanic activity.The sulfur smoke that you can smell is coming from those fumaroles over there 
Suddenly the ' great outdoors ' isn't so appealing . Let's hike a little faster ..
Mr . Smith , I would like to get right to the point here . First , we need to talk about how much each company will pay 
Well , we want to have the largest share . Our company is much larger than yours , and we have been in business longer 
Let's look at that another way . The major point is the value that we add , not who has been in business longer , or is bigger 
What are you thinking about 
We do not want to place ourselves in an inferior position . We are a good , small company---that's why you are interested 
Then , what would make you feel more comfortable 
If you take a 75 % position in the venture , we would take a back seat to you 
After you've thought it over , get back to me and we can go ahead 
Miao Ping , if I do decide to go ahead , how will the interest if I exceed be counted 
It is higher than the rate of interest for Current Deposits and a little lower than the rate for the 6 - month time deposits 
So , if I do decide to go ahead , how can my company open a Corporate Agreement Savings Plan with you 
First of all , you need to sign a Corporate Agreement Savings Contract with us . This means we can go ahead and open an account of agreement savings based on your settlement account 
OK , let's get the ball rolling on this 
The teacher should give us more time to complete this assignment 
You're right . Let's ask her to give us one more week 
Hi , Zina . I had a feeling you'd be stopping by 
Then you've heard from Vital 
Yes 
Look , Vince . I didn't mean to step on your toes , but we need to be decisive 
I know it . WebTracker is playing for keeps . They'll go for our jugular if we give them the chance 
This is awkward , I know . I know you're upset . But in two weeks you'll be thanking me 
Maybe . Maybe I will 
It's quiet everywhere in winter 
Yes . I like winter 
Me too 
It's snowing heavily . What about taking a walk 
That's a good idea . Let's go 
What a heavy snow ! Look ! The water is frozen 
Take care ! Don't slip on the ground 
I've got it . I like the feeling of stepping on the ice 
Yes . Very wonderful 
There is a snowman over there 
How lovely it is 
What's the matter with you ? You don't look well 
Nothing . Maybe it is just the weather . Rainy days often make me feel a little sad 
Really ? I like rainy days . The moisture in the air is good for my skin 
Sure . But it is too cold today . I have to put on warm clothes and look stupid 
Me , too . At this time of the year , I often miss my home in the warm south 
Good afternoon . I've brought the extra blanket you asked for 
Oh , thank you 
Is there anything I can do for you now 
Yes . I'm rather tired and want to go to bed early . Please make the bed 
Certainly , sir 
You see , the bungee participants take a deep breath when they stand at the starting spot and then , like diving , their heads are over heels and they jump off into the realm of the combination of heaven and earth The wind roars at their ears and their bodies rapidly descend . They do not even have enough time to do several gymnastic movements and they are rebounded to the upper air by the cord 
Entrusting life to the care of a rope indeed requires infinite courage 
A young French fellow recalled his first bungee experience and said , When I fastened the cord and walked to the platform , I was extremely nervous . When I looked down , I was nervous even more.If the cord had broken , I would be knocked to bake meat . However , I knew my worries were unwanted . I was afraid if I retreated others might say something about me . I had to harden my heart and impose my head downward . I only felt wind wiring at my ears . My body rapidly descended . I thought that after only seven or eight seconds I was rebounded to upper air by the cord . In fact it was 30 seconds . Maybe because of my nervousness , I only felt seven or eight seconds . When rebounding to the high altitude , I felt a sudden sense of relief . I did not feel nervous very much , but very comfortable 
It is hard to come by in life that you experience this kind of comfortable 
Can you send someone to fix my internet 
Are you having a problem with it 
My internet is having problems connecting 
Can you tell me how long your internet has been messing up 
I've been having this problem for the last few days 
Will the internet even pop up 
It'll pop up , but it won't connect to a webpage 
Since the internet isn't broken , your connection must be messed up 
Do you think you can send somebody over to fix it 
If you'd like , I can send someone to fix it right now 
How long will it be till they get here 
It should be no longer than an hour 
Bad news , I'm afraid . Our supplier has gone bust . The parts you ordered have arrived at the docks but the handling agent won't release them until someone pays the invoice . We also need to arrange transport to the factory 
Don't worry about the cost . Our insurance policy covers us against situations like this . We need those parts urgently . Could you please try to get them here tomorrow 
Mr . Crane ’ s office . Sandy speaking . May I help you 
Hi , Sandy . It ’ s Walter Knight . I need to book some time with Mr . Crane 
Certainly , Mr . Knight . When would you like to meet with him 
Can you see what his schedule is like on Wednesday 
Are you ready to order 
Yes , I ’ ll have the Texas chili burger 
Would you like fries with that 
A large , with tons of ketchup 
And to drink 
I ’ ll have a diet coke , please 
Is this dine-in or take-out 
Take-out , please 
May I ask who's the manager 
I am . What can I do for you 
I've something urgent to tell you 
Come on in , please 
Does this TV work well 
Yes , it is almost new here 
Is it a color TV or a black and white TV 
It is a color TV . You know , the rich people like the digital one now . So they have no room for them 
I'm calling about our appointment . I can't call on you this evening.My wife is terribly ill 
Sorry to hear that 
How about next week 
Fine , we'll be expecting you then 
Do you know that scientists replicated a sheep into an identical clone 
I heard about that . It was successful 
It's a big jump in science . Maybe more like a leap 
I should say , it stunned me . I can't imagine what they will think of next 
Hi , Steven ! What do you like to do during the weekend 
I love swimming and cycling . On Saturday morning I usually ride my bike around the city or the country road for almost two hours 
That ’ s great ! I think they do you a lot of good 
Sure , they do 
But why do you choose cycling at first 
Because it is convenient and good for environmental protection 
You are really a good citizen 
That ’ s what I can do 
I'd like to have this shirt washed and ironed 
OK , do you want us to use starch 
Yes , heavy starch in the collar please 
Yeah , sir . Your shirt will be ready by Thursday morning . Anything else 
I also have a suit to be dry-cleaned . Can I fetch it the day after tomorrow ? It's urgent 
No problem , sir 
Could you please tell me when your laundry opens and closes 
We'll remain open from 9 a . m . till 8 p . m 
I see 
Here's your laundry ticket , sir 
Thank you 
Has Alan shown up yet 
Nope . I guess something might have come up 
I wonder what happened 
I don't know . I hope it's nothing serious 
Last week his sister was admitted to the hospital 
Oh ? What happened 
His sister had a car accident last week 
Is she fine now 
She is still in a coma 
Oh , poor Alan ! His sister is the only one he has left since his parents died last year 
Recycling is big business these days , isn't it 
Yes , it's definitely a growing business 
What do you recycle in your plant 
Mainly plastics . Plastics aren ’ t bio degradable - they don ’ t break down easily in the environment - so they shouldn't be thrown away 
How is plastic recycled , then 
Well , there are basically two methods . One is to break down the chemicals in the plastic into smaller chemical particles . These can then be used in the production of new chemicals 
Is that the method you use here 
No , we don't do that here . We recycle polyethylene and we make it into other products 
How do you do that 
By melting it down and then reforming it . Our main products are bin liners for kitchen bins and carrier bags for supermarkets 
You want to argue your ticket today 
Yes . That is why I'm here 
Tell me your argument 
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding 
Are you sure you weren't speeding 
To be honest , I really wasn't 
What speed were you going 
I was under the speed limit . I was going 35 , when the speed limit was 40 
I'm just going to let you go , since the arresting officer isn't here 
What about my ticket ? Do I still need to pay 
Don't worry about it 
I'm so glad for your help 
Where are you feeling the pain 
I can ’ t stand up ! My stomach is killing me 
Can you put your hand where it hurts the most 
It hurts smack in the middle of my gut 
Did this just come on suddenly 
I felt OK until an hour or so ago , and then I just doubled over 
Have you exercised strenuously or played sports recently 
No , and I don ’ t usually get a lot of stomachaches 
We need to get you to an emergency room to see what the problem is 
I think that that is the best way to figure out what is causing this . Thank you 
Your ring is very beautiful 
Thank you . It has been handed down in my family for three generations 
Oh , it is precious 
It surely is 
What do you want to know about me 
How about your academic records at college 
The average grade of all my courses is above 85 
In which subject did you get the highest marks 
In mathematics I got a 98 
Have you received any scholarships 
Yes , I have , and three times in total 
Have you been a class leader 
I have been a class commissary in charge of studies for two years 
Did you join in any club activities 
I was an aerobics team member in college 
What sport are you good at 
I am good at sprint and table tennis 
You are excellent 
Would you be willing to accompany me to the party tonight 
Sure , I'd love to 
Have you got any plans for the coming holiday 
Yes , I have a very special one . I will be doing volunteer work in a zoo for two weeks . A friend of mine working there told me the other day that they were in need of some volunteer keepers . I was very interested . So I asked him to get me the application form . Lucky , my application was approved by the manager very soon 
Volunteer in a zoo ? What specific things will you do 
I will help to prepare food , feed animals and clean up . I ’ m very excited about it now 
It must be a unique experience . I ’ m looking forward to share your story when you come back 
Ok , I will bring you photos as many as possible 
Excuse me , do you have the latest issue of Newsworld 
Yes , this week's issue just came in . Here it is 
How about Music Madness 
Let me check ... yes , we got the October issue a few days ago . It's on that shelf over there 
Okay , I'll take these two magazines and a copy of Today's Post 
I see by your resume that you have been working 
Yes , I have worked for four years with a Canadian Company 
Tell me what you know about our company , please 
Well , Mark Smith , who was the first president , founded the company in Ottawa in 1955 . It has 1.5 billion dollars in capital.it employs 8,000 people , and it is the largest company in its field in Canada 
What do you know about our major products and our share of the market 
Your company's products are mostly marketed in Canada and the United States , but particularly have sold very well here in China . So I think in the future you'll find China to be a profitable market as well 
What made you decide to change your job 
Because I want to change my working environment and seek new challenges 
Do you like this job 
Yes , I like it very much 
What do you think is the most important qualification for a salesperson 
I think it is confidence in himself and his products 
I agree with you . Do you have any questions to ask about this job 
Yes , I'd like to know something about the salary 
I think the starting salary for a salesperson is between 1,500 - 2,000 Yuan . But the specific number will be determined according to your sales 
When can I get the final decision 
We cannot reach a final decision until we have talked to all of the other five applicants . Anyhow , we'll contact you within this month . All right . Nice meeting you . Good-bye 
Nice meeting you , too . Good-bye 
My brother joined the army last year 
Oh , what does he look like ? Is he tall 
He's tall and strong 
I can tell it from your build 
Welcome . Can I help you with anything 
Hi . I'm shopping for my boyfriend's birthday . Do you have any suggestions 
Let's see . How about a nice shirt and tie ? You can't go wrong there 
Well . He doesn't wear ties that often 
We have some nice pants . You can also get him a belt with it 
That sounds good . Which one do you recommend 
These slacks are very popular . He can wear them to dress up a little or on a normal casual day 
I like them . Do you have matching belts 
Yes . Right over here 
How much are they 
The pants are on sale for $ 40 , and the belt is $ 25 
What is your return policy just in case he doesn't like them 
Just save the receipt and we will gladly return or exchange them for you 
That sounds great . I'll take them 
Hi , buddy ! How do you deal with your salary 
I usually put them into my bank account . I think that is a little secure , though the interest rate is low now 
Look ! This stock is rising now . I am researching it , and planning to buy some shares 
Have you invested in the stock market before 
No . This is my first time to buy some . You can see that its historical price data is rising now 
But that is a little risky , you know 
Hey ! Do you still remember our teacher of economics , Mr . Locker 
Of course ! I remember he has a part-time job as a stock analyst 
I can ask for some advice from him 
I heard many stories about your brother 
He's a hero in our town 
What does he look like ? Is he handsome 
Yes , indeed , People say he's the smartest young man 
So , what ’ s new in the kitchen ? That refrigerator is new , isn ’ t it 
Yes . I needed a large one . Before , I had a separate refrigerator and freezer , but this has both combined into one 
That ’ s usual nowadays . You ’ Ve added a few shelves too 
Yes . You know I ’ Ve been cooking more kind of food recently and I needed some extra space for spices and ingredients 
Did you buy new cupboards too 
No , I didn ’ t . I gave them a really good clean , so they just look new . The worktop was in poor condition , so I had a new one added 
I see that you have bought several new pots and pans and utensils 
Yes , I have . I need them to help me with these new dished I ’ m trying to make . I need a little more practice before I invite guests over 
Looking at the spice rack , I ’ d say you ’ Ve been learning how to make asian food 
Yes . I ’ Ve always likes Indian and thai food , so I ’ Ve been trying to make dishes from those countries . I ’ m pretty good at making curries now , but I still need practice at making thai food 
Both kinds of food are becoming popular.Nowadays , it ’ s very easy to pick up the ingredients at the supermarket 
I hope you can stay for dinner . I need a guinea pig 
Fred , is it a good time to talk with you 
Sure , what's the matter 
As you know , I have accepted three new programs in our company this year , but I am not sure I can do my work well . And right now my dilemma is that I can not find a person whom I can trust for these three programs 
What do you think we can do about this 
We are not willing to miss the chance ; however , our staff is not big enough now . So , to be honest , I want you to help me to finish all these programs 
Well , sir , I am busy in market development . So I am worried whether I can do this 
I am aware you have been working so hard . Before hiring more employees , you are still needed to do this 
OK ! I will try this 
Hello ? This is Mike here . May I have a word with Grace 
She ’ s not at her desk at the moment . Is there any message I can give her 
Yes . Please tell her that tickets to Phantom of the Opera will be delivered in two days . My number is 6521684 0 , extension 236 
Ok . I ’ ll let her know as soon as possible 
Thanks a lot . Bye 
Hi , Bill.It ' s Marsha Black at MPPD Ltd.How are you 
Hello , Marsha . I'm great and you 
Not too bad at all.Do you have a minute 
Sure , what can I do for you 
We're ready to place our Christmas order and we need a formal bid 
So this is a real thing 
Right , this is not a drill . This is for all the marbles 
When do you need it 
ASAP , in writing of course 
Sure , who am I bidding against 
The usual guys , so you better use a sharp pencil 
Okay , give me a week and I'll have time to get my pencil real sharp . I should have some new figures from Malaysia by then 
What would you like to eat 
I'd like to eat a bowl of dumplings 
Would you care for some soup 
Yes . But I prefer a bit salty soup 
Do you like egg soup or mutton soup 
Egg soup is OK 
Is there anything else 
I'd like a bottle of juice 
I'll get them back right away 
We've been discussing the project for two hours . Let's take a break 
Sounds good . I want to go get some coffee 
Is there anything I can do for you 
Yes , I am looking for a skirt . What's in fashion now 
This one is the latest . How do you like it 
Well . Could I try it on 
Sure 
( A moment later ) It's cute.The color suits my complexion 
Hello , is this housekeeper 
Yes ma'am , may I help you 
This is room eleven-seven and we have just checked in 
Yes 
Our room hasn't been cleaned up yet.So would you send one of your housekeepers to clean up our room 
Oh , yes , ma'am . We'll come right away then.Your room number and your name , please 
Our room number is eleven-seven and my name is Terry Chen 
Thank you.Would you hang up and wait 
Wow , there are so many lanterns to appreciate . Now , I can see why it's called the Lantern Festival . It deserves its name 
Yeah . People always enjoy the lighted lanterns and the gala performances 
What are they doing over there ? People keep on gathering there 
Did you notice the characters on the lanterns 
Sure . But you know that I can't read any Chinese characters . What do they say 
They are puzzles . It's a tradition to solve the puzzles on the lanterns during the Lantern Festival 
Very interesting . But I'm afraid we'd better do something else . Hey , look ! There is a huge lantern there . Let's get close to it 
It's really eye-catching . It's the biggest dragon lantern I've ever seen in all my life 
Really ? Then I'm really lucky . Oh , it's spewing fireworks from its huge mouth 
Very impressive . It's made of glass which makes it even brighter 
There are many Chinese characters on its body , too . What are they about ? Puzzles 
Let me have a look . Oh , no . They are Chinese poems which describe this happy scene 
I wonder if you could help me , I'm looking for a room 
Well , I have got a vacancy 
What sort of price are you asking 
Eight dolls fifty a week excluding laundry 
Would it be convenient to see the room 
Can you call back later ? We're right in the middle of lunch 
Good morning , you look very tired 
Yes , I nearly didn't sleep last night 
Did you hold a party or something else yesterday 
No , I just watched Supergirl , and it began too late in the night . I was too excited to get asleep after one o'clock 
I don't like this program , because there are too many constant arguments between the judges 
The contestants are different . These girls perform in free styles 
Do you have much time watching TV 
I think less than 3 hours . This year I didn't watch any entertainment programs . Too many ads between the programs . I prefer listening to the radio 
I don't like ads , either . But ads could bring big profits to the TV station 
If they could make beautiful ads , I could bear 
I don't believe we've met 
No , I don't think we have 
My name is Gao Run 
How do you do ? My name is James Green 
Here's my name card 
And here's mine 
It's nice to finally meet you 
And I'm glad to meet you , too 
Hey , Teresa , meet the new neighbors yet 
Actually , i popped in them last night 
OK , let's cut to the chase . what are they like 
Well , they're really beautiful people 
I'll say , she is really stacked , isn't she 
Yeah , she is a neck-off for sure 
And he looks like a typical jog 
He is a professional football player 
Ah-ha , I thought so 
Anyway , that is not what I meant by beautiful 
What did you mean 
I meant that they're very simple , easy to talk to 
That's right 
Yeah . I think things are worked out just fine 
The new year is coming . Is the final examination approaching 
Oh , yeah . We will have winter holiday 
How are you getting along with your studies 
Don ’ t worry , mum . I will study hard tomorrow 
But your were playing video games all afternoon . You are skating on thin ice 
How do you shoot pool 
You have 16 balls on the table , 7 solid colored , 7 striped colored , a black 8 ball , and the white ball 
And 
You hit the white ball with your cue . The white ball hits the colored balls . And you want to get the colored balls into the pockets 
How do you know whether you should hit the solid or the striped one 
At the beginning , it does not matter , but once someone gets one ball in , it is set 
Can I get the black ball in 
The black ball has to be the final ball in the pockets 
Let's go and try now 
Brian , a company called me for an interview 
That's great ! You need to prepare for it 
How 
Get your hair done at a good hair saloon . Tell them you are going for a job interview 
Okay 
Buy an expensive suit 
How expensive 
The more expensive , the better 
I can ’ t afford too expensive , maybe $ 50 to $ 70 
That'll do it . The best way is to find the dressing color code of the company 
How 
If you know somebody at the company , ask them . If not , dark color will be fine 
Is a white blouse okay 
Yeah , fine . And dressing shoes 
Black 
Black is good 
White pantyhose 
No . Dark or skin colored 
Jewelry 
Necklace , ring , and earrings are all fine . But don ’ t wear too many pieces of jewelry 
How about make up 
Not much make up 
Perfume 
Yes , some . But be aware that different people may like different scents 
What kind of note are you taking there . That looks like doodle to me 
It's picture association of the concept that the professor taught today 
Does that actually work for you 
I don't really know for sure yet . I'll tell you after the test on Friday 
I like to use shorthand note taking 
I was told once that the more time you spend writing , the less you are paying attention and so you miss stuff 
Hmm . I never thought about it that way 
One time I tried just listening , no notes , no pictures . I think I really learned more that day 
Can I help you , sir 
Yes , I'd like to look at some suits 
Oh , this way please . What size do you wear 
Size 41 . I want something in dark flannel 
How about this one 
It feels all right . But if it were a darker color , I'd like it better . This seems too light for winter . Do you think you could get me one 
All right . I'll show you something darker . Do you like this one 
It looks good . But can I try it on 
Of course . Let me help you 
Thanks . It's comfortable . Well , how much is it , please 
$ 280 
Ok . I'll take it . Here's the money 
Is there anything I can help you with 
Yes , thank you . I am really far behind on this project . Could you help me with the extra typing or xeroxing 
I can do either one 
Good . That would be very helpful . Can you start with those pages over there 
No problem 
Thank you very much ! How long have you been working here 
I have been working here for 5 years 
Well , we have some special projects coming up . Would you be interested in working on any of those 
Yes , I would love to work on a special project 
Well then , I'll keep you in the loop . Thank you for your help today 
So your mom can stop nagging you now 
Trust me . She'll keep nagging . She thinks something will go wrong 
Don't tell me she's been listening to the fortune-teller again 
You guessed it . She says we have to get married on January 2nd , or we'll have bad luck 
The day we choose to get married could never be an unlucky day 
My mom just wants everything to be perfect for us 
... so , I said , let ’ s take a break.And since that night , I ’ Ve been waiting for him to call , but I still haven ’ t heard from him . You don ’ t think he ’ s seeing someone else , do you 
Come on , don ’ t be so dramatic ! I ’ m sure everything is going to work out just fine 
You think so ? Oh , no ! How can he do this to me ? I ’ m sure he ’ s cheating on me ! Why else wouldn ’ t he call 
But , you two are on a break . Theoretically he can do whatever he likes 
He ’ s the love of my life ! I ’ Ve really messed this up 
Come on , hon . Pull yourself together . It ’ s going to be alright 
But I ... I still love him ! And it ’ s all my fault ! I can ’ t believe how immature and selfish I was being . I mean , he is a firefighter , it ’ s not like he can just leave someone in a burning building and meet me for dinner . I ’ Ve totally messed this up 
You know what , Veronica , I think you should make the first step . I ’ m sure he ’ ll forgive you ..
No , this is not gonna happen ! I ... I ’ Ve ruined everything ..
do you hear something 
Ah , Hello . So , you are back 
Yes . I received everything in the post this morning 
That's good . Could I please see the originals of everything 
What's the exchange rate today 
You're pretty lucky actually , today is higher than yesterday . It's 824 . 71 RIB for 100 USD 
Great ! Do you need me to sign anything 
Yes . Please sign your name at the bottom of the Exchange Receipt . Thanks very much and here's your money 
Jack and Mary broke up 
it ’ s so sad . They had been together for only two months . Do you know what the matter was 
Mary said Jack was cheating on her . Jack was seeing a girl from his hometown . One day , Mary saw them holding hands and ended the relationship immediately 
really ? I ’ m very surprised . He doesn ’ t look like a guy who ’ d ever do that sort of thing , right 
no , he doesn ’ t . Anyway , she found out that he had been two-timing her for a long time 
maybe it is for the best . They are not suitable for each other because they have nothing in common and are completely different people 
how so 
he is an extrovert while she is an introvert . He likes parties while she hates them 
poor Mary ! She really liked him 
anyway , she was right to end things and she deserves better 
do you think they ’ ll get back together 
no , I don ’ t think so . I know Mary . Once she makes a decision , she won ’ t change her mind 
I hope she ’ ll recover soon 
so do I 
Good coming , sir 
Good coming 
What can I do for you 
I'd like a pair of shoes , please 
You've come to the right place.We ' Ve got the best shoes in town 
Have you seen Harry 
No . As far as I can remember he was supposed to be on a business trip to Lisbon 
Yes , but he was supposed to be back by now 
Maybe you'll call his home 
Lindsay Tipping gave me your name as a reference . We are considering hiring her as an editor for our magazine 
Lindsay , of course , I will be more than happy to recommend her to you 
How long was she employed with your company 
She freelanced with us for 3 years . She was always consistent and punctual with her assignments and a pleasure to work with 
Freelance , hmm . How do you think she will manage in an office environment 
She ’ s a consummate professional and a team-player . I have utmost confidence in her abilities . You can ’ t go wrong in hiring her 
Good morning . I want to apply for a job in A your company as an assistant . Could you tell me the company address , please 
OK . Do yon have a pen and a paper now 
Yes , please 
Our company is in Pudding new area in Shanghai 
Hello , Matt 
Hello , Todd 
Matt , I'm going to ask you some questions about pet.First question , do you have a pet 
Yes , in fact , my mom's house we have three , three pets . two dogs and a cat . My family actually raises dogs for helping blind people 
Wow , like how do they train the dogs 
How do they train the dogs ? Well , I mean , it's a long process , right ... we get them when they're puppies ... and so we train them basic ... you know , sit , come ... really basic things ... then , after they're about two year old , they go a different training school 
Well , how many dogs do they train at a time 
Oh , just one ! We have our own dog , and then we have a dog that we have that we are training 
Do you ever see the dogs you trained , like out on the street , or anything 
Sometimes we'll see them , they'll have like sort of conventions of reunions of the pets so , yeah , you get to see them once in awhile 
Oh , wow , that's cool . Um , why do people keep pets 
I guess the most important thing is companionship , right ! So there is always somebody there for you that will like you no matter what 
Yeah , that's true . OK , besides cats , dogs , and fish , what are some other pets people keep 
Well , I guess if you are Sigrid and Roy you can keep a tiger or lion . I guess all types of things don't they 
are you good at cooking 
no , but I'm pretty good at eating 
do you prefer chinese food or Western food 
well , to be honest with you , Chinese food is really different from western food 
are you used to the food here 
I'm not really used to it yet 
what's your favorite Chinese dish 
like most foreigners , I really like Sweet and Sour Pork and Kung Pao Chicken . I eat them almost every day 
have you tried traditional Chinese dumplings yet 
I tried once , but they are quite difficult to eat with chopsticks 
you know , foreigners are not expected to use chopsticks proficiently . If you do , you'll give your Chinese friends quite an impression 
that's good to know . I'd like to try more Chinese food , but since I can't read any of the menus in the restaurants near my home , it's difficult to try new food 
if you want , I can introduce you to some typical Chinese dishes 
that would be great . I really only want to taste real Chinese food , not just the food that foreigners like to eat 
if you haven't tried Beijing duck yet , I'd like to treat you to a meal at a famous duck restaurant near Qianmen . It would be a pity if you left without tasting it 
Mary , it seems that your family and friends have been calling you recently , am I right 
Yes , they have been concerned about me finding a job 
What do they say 
They want to recommend some jobs to me 
Really ? What jobs are they 
My father wants me to work as a trainee in his company 
It's great 
My aunt says her company is in need of an assistant now , and she wants me to give it a try 
This is a good opportunity 
One of my friends tells me that his company is hiring in a large scale and he wants me to go for an interview 
You can give it a try ! May be you will succeed 
I know . Let me think it over 
If you have any good jobs , keep an eye for me 
I will 
Are you willing to work abroad 
Why not ? It's the very reason why I've applied for this job . It's really exciting for me to experience business in an international environment 
How about your family 
They don't mind 
I can ’ t stand being with you anymore . I'm sick of your drinking 
I swear never to drink again . Just give me another chance , please 
How many chances have I given you ? I don ’ t trust you any more 
You know how hard I've tried to give up drinking ? I ’ d be lost without you . I won ’ t let you go anyway 
Welcome back , Sir . I trust the materials were helpful to you 
Indeed . I've decided to go for the Petty Consumer Loan . That is , if my credit rating is satisfactory 
Your credit is fine , Sir . Now , tell me , what is it that you need the loan for 
I've just bought a second hand apartment and I'm looking to do some renovations . You know , a bit of decorating , some new furniture , nothing flashy 
I see . And what loan amount are you expecting 
It says here that the maximum is 20,000 RIB . Is that flexible 
I'm sorry , Sir . The maximum we can lend you on this type of loan is 20,000 RIB , with no exceptions 
Well , 20,000 RIB , it'll have to be then 
I need some documentation from you . Such as your resident permit , your occupation and salary details and I already have your credit details here 
Everything is right here . If that's all in order , just let me know where I sign 
Do you feel all right 
Yes , thank you . I just want to have a smoke . Can I smoke in the aisle 
I am sorry . It's not allowed . If you do want , please go to the smoking section . It's in the back part of the plane 
OK . That's fine 
We're now staying at the Holiday Inn . How do we get to the airport 
We have shuttle buses leaving for the airport from downtown every 20 minutes The bus stops at Holiday Inn as well . Be sure to get on the bus before 30 
What is the earliest one 
At 7 am . It takes about one hour to get to the airport . So it'll be right for your timing 
OK , thank you . By the way , what can I do if I want to put off my flight 
Your tickets are valid for one year.If you want to change flight , you just go to the airline's ticketing office and have it reconfirmed . But you have to fly the same airlines 
OK . What can I do if l want to cancel the ticket 
In that case . you can get a refund with a certain percentage of the original fare deducted as the service charge 
That's reasonable . OK , thank you very much 
Give me Scotch , please 
What brand 
Black Rose 
Soda or water 
Just plain water with plenty of ice rock 
All right . Please wait for a minute 
Maybe we all will be all things to all men 
How terrible 
But for the life , we'll be changed by this society 
I really don't want to go into the world , I feel afraid of it 
Don't be silly . We have reached the age to take the responsibility by ourselves 
I know 
Let ’ s try to get out of the supermarket quickly 
Yeah . I hate spending all day in there , too 
What do we need ? Let ’ s make a list 
We need milk , eggs , butter , coffee , vegetables , fruit , bread , cheese , and some snacks 
I want some pickles , oh , and we ’ re out of flour . Put that on the list , too 
Anything else 
Not that I can think of . Wait a second , we ’ re out of breakfast cereal . I think corn flakes are on sale . Get those 
No , you get those . I ’ ll go and get the fruits , vegetables , milk , butter , and eggs , you get the rest 
John , have you ever watched Beijing Opera 
Yes , I watched once 
What do you think of it 
Well , honestly speaking , I went to watch it out of curiosity . I ’ d say it ’ s really a special art form 
I couldn ’ t agree more . Actually , I ’ m a Beijing Opera fan 
Really ? Good for you 
Can I help you 
Yes . I want to buy a pair of shoes 
Have you a pattern in your mind 
Well , maybe sneakers or rubber shoes 
Is there any special brand you would like 
Could I have look at that pair of canvas shoes ? They look nice 
David , what do you want to do after graduation 
I suppose I should choose one from the ' Best Career List ' , to be a public officer , what do you think 
That sounds like a hot job , right ? But in my opinion , you ought not to choose one career from that so-called list , and you need to take your interests , values , and skills into account 
It beats me ! I never thought about it before and maybe I thought finding a career is a simple thing 
You'd better ask for suggestions from a career counselor , and then make a decision 
How was the party yesterday 
Did you enjoy it 
Oh , don't talk to me about yesterday ! It was the most awful evening I've ever had 
Why ! what happened 
Well.John had promised to be my date , but he stood me up . I waited for a full hour in the cold wind 
So how long did you stay 
I left after the opening dance . I couldn't wait to get out of there 
Hello , Tom . How do you find the dinner of yesterday 
Very good . That may be the most delicious food I have ever eaten 
It's nice of you to say so 
I really appreciate you for having invited me 
Don't mention it . You know , we ’ re old friends 
Anyway , I owe you one . Are you free tonight 
Yes . Why 
I want to invite you to enjoy the food I cook 
That ’ s great . I'd love to 
So , who do you work for 
I work for a large multinational company called DAK Group . We have five main area of business - construction , heavy industry , shipbuilding , motor vehicles and telecommunications 
And which side of the business do you work in 
The motor vehicles division . I work in our Belgian factory . We manufacture components for our car production plants in Europe 
Where are DAK headquarters 
In Seoul . But the company has operations in over fifty countries and thirty factories all over the world 
Hey , Doug ! How ’ d it go at that meeting yesterday ? I know you were pretty anxious about it 
Fantastic ! I got the promotion 
Great ! When do you take over 
After the new year 
Good coming 
Good coming . Are you through with the cleaning ? If not , we'll come back a little later 
Never mind , come right in . I've almost finished.You always keep the room neat and tidy , I must say.It saves me a lot of work , but you should let me do it 
It doesn't take much time . I'm used to tidying up my room myself 
It's very considerate of you to do so . Do you have any laundry today 
I have a suit that needs cleaning 
Let me have it , please . I'm taking some laundry downstairs anyway 
Have you got any certificate of technical qualification 
Yes , I have obtained an accountant's qualification and a driver's license 
How long did it take you to get your driver's license 
I spent a year to get my license 
The total for all these items comes to $ 36.78 
Take my VISA 
There is something wrong with your card 
What ’ s going on 
Your card was declined 
That can ’ t be right 
Would you like me to try another card 
I don ’ t have another one 
What about cash 
I didn ’ t bring cash with me today 
I ’ m sorry , but you can ’ t take the items until you can buy them 
I ’ ll come back for them tomorrow 
Did you see the picture of the guy on the front page of the newspaper this morning 
No . I haven't had a chance to read the paper yet 
you've got to see it . It's an unbelievable picture 
What's so interesting about it 
Well , this guy fell asleep on the sofa and when he woke up , half his face had been bitten off 
What ? How did that happen 
They think his dog was trying to wake him up and couldn't , so ended up biting him in his face 
Wow . What does his look like now 
It looks pretty frightening . He doesn't have any lips , so all you can see are his gums and teeth . Most of his nose and chin are missing too 
What did he look like before his dog bit his face off 
He was actually quite handsome . What a shame 
What's he going to do now 
It said that he's hoping to get a face transplant , but until then , he's looking forward to Halloween so he isn't the only one wearing a mask 
Welcome to Jinyuan Shoe Town . What can I do for you 
I'm looking for a pair of white sports shoes to go with my jeans 
White ? What make do you want ? Arid what size 
Adidas . Size 38 
Adidas ? They wear well . Try this pair , Size 38 , please 
Yes . ( After trying ) A bit tight actually , they pinch my toes . Have you got a larger pair . Size 39 
Okay . What about this one 
( After trying ) Mm , this pair fits me well . I'll take it . How much is it 
You are so lucky . They are on sale today . It costs only 250 yuan . Pay at the counter over there 
OK . Thank you 
Hi ! This is John Li , is my car fixed yet 
Let me run and check 
Carla , I know you ’ re kind of new in this business and I want to give you some advice 
Yes , Mr . Michael 
You have to listen to what the client asks for . What you have just shown me is not at all in line with the client ’ s wishes 
I ’ m sorry , Mr . Michael . Could you tell me where the problems are exactly ? Maybe I misunderstood the client ’ s intentions 
Well , speak of the devil 
What do you mean 
I was just thinking about you the other day 
You were 
Hi , can you tell me where I could make a copy of a document right now 
Sir , you can come downstairs right now to the computer lab 
That's great . I don't suppose the copy machine is free for guests 
Sir , each copy is ten cents or one dime , whichever you prefer 
In the good old days , it was only five cents a copy . I'll be right down 
Those were the good old days , sir , indeed 
Mr . Wilson . We very regret the mistakes in goods . I am very sorry and we are responsible for the mistake 
We have no choice but to hold you responsible for the loss we sustained 
The first problem is supposed to be solved after the investigation . About the second problem , I admit it's our fault , so we will exchange all merchandise that falls short of our sample 
Well . I hope there won't be such things 
I can assure you that such a thing today will never happen again in future delivery . We have made the plan to improve the package of our exported goods 
Hi , are you Catherine 
Yes , Jason , right ? Nice to meet you . Welcome to Taiwan 
Thanks , good to meet you , too 
You had a long flight , you must be tired 
Yes , and the food was horrible 
Oh , sorry to hear that . But , don worry ! Taiwan has plenty of great things to eat . First , lets get you to the hotel 
Great ! How will we be getting there 
My car is in the parking lot , lets go this way . Let me help you with your bags 
I would like to get a bus pass 
Do you know what kind of pass you want 
Can you tell me my options 
There are passes for a day , month , and week , and there are student passes 
I would like the student pass 
Let me see your student ID 
Here you go 
Thank you very much 
How much will it be for the pass 
The monthly sticker is $ 24 , but the actual pass is free 
That'll be fine 
We appreciate your business 
You can keep these books for only half a month 
May I renew them if I haven't finished reading them 
Of course , you can 
I don't know why Mark often comes to me and asks me for advice . I smell some rat in it 
He is sly . He is actually angling for compliments . But he may have got the crush on you 
Nonsense ! There's no indication that he's in love with me 
Keep your fingers crossed . He may pop the question one of these days 
Excuse me , could you tell me where you have got that music book 
Certainly . Let me see . Oh , it's on that self 
It's too high . I can't reach it . Could you help me 
Of course . Here you are 
Thank you very much 
What's your favorite kind of music ? Do you like pop music 
I like almost all kinds of music . But I like country music best 
There was a concert country music last week 
I wish I had been there 
I like it , too . But sometimes I enjoy jazz and classical music 
You have good taste in music 
It really makes my blood boil when this sort of thing happens . I even want to wring his neck 
Don't be so angry . It's passed anyway 
I can't forget it 
You'd better cool yourself down first 
Mom , this is your third bowl of rice 
I know but I have no choice . My stomach just keeps crying for more and more 
Why ? I never saw you eat so much before 
I've been going to the gym these days . The exercise makes me hungry all the time 
So your stomach is the one that actually gets a lot of work-out 
Don't pull my leg 
This way you'll probably put on more weight . Will you give up 
Surely not . I can feel the results . I'm starting to feel different now 
Then how are you gonna deal with the problem of getting extra weight 
I'm planning to meet my personal trainer to have the work-out plan fixed 
Oh , I've got an idea . Why don't you ask Dad to go with you ? He badly needs some exercise 
Your father is a bit too timid . He even doesn't know how to introduce himself 
He can just say , I'm Benjamin . I'm new and shy 
Girl , don't make fun of your Daddy . But I can introduce him to my personal trainer . Maybe one day he will be a fitness freak instead of a cough potato 
Who knows 
Didn ’ t you punch in this morning , Monica 
Sorry , I don ’ t know the rule about punching 
That ’ s ok . I should have told you earlier . This is a company rule 
Do we also need to punch out after work 
According to the company rule , we should punch in before 8 o ’ clock and punch out after 5 o ’ clock every work day 
How about the lunch break , Lucy 
From 11 thirty to 1 o ’ clock 
May I ask whether we need to work overtime 
Sometimes , but not quite often 
I like these shoes 
Do you realize that all these shoes are half off 
Really 
Yes , but the offer only lasts this week 
I need some flowers for my wife . It's her birthday 
Very well . We have some fresh red roses 
How much are the roses 
$ 20 per dozen 
That sounds like a good deal 
Yes , they're on sale today 
I'll take a dozen 
Splendid . Will there be anything else 
No , the roses will be fine 
I'm sure your wife will love them 
Can I help you 
I'd like to send a fax to Shenzhen 
Is it a photograph or a document 
Each of both 
Could I see both of them 
Here you are 
You can't send this document ; it is not clear enough to send . The photograph is all right 
Well , how long will it take to arrive in Shenzhen 
Couple of minutes 
Great . How much 
5 $ . You should change another much clearer photograph for fax 
Thank you . I will deal with it 
Bill , I'm expecting a big increase in turnover with the coming of the Mid-Autumn Festival . But wholesales are unwilling to supply my orders unless I pay them an advance of 50 % of the full price , for my business is fairly new . I hope that you can make me an advance on loan 
Do you have stocks or a title deed of a house to pledge as security 
No . I should be grateful if you could see your way to make an advance against my personal reputation . You may inspect my accounts . From my accounts you can see that I've promptly met all my obligations 
We do not allow any request for a loan against personal security . This is a common regulation . But we may consider it if you can provide a reliable guarantor 
Yes , I can . You know Mr . Macready , the famous car dealer here in New York . He agreed to act as my guarantor of a loan in the sum of US $ l0 , 000 until the end of this year 
Good . He is a man of high standing . I think we can grant the loan you need after some further discussion . But I suggest you borrow on overdraft instead of on loan 
Alan , I believe you have studied our catalogue and price list . Are you interested in some of our products 
Yes , I'm thinking of buying some T-shirts , but I find your price is on the high side 
I'm very surprised to hear you say that . I think our price is very favorable . You can hardly get such an attractive price from other suppliers 
I'm not so sure of that . I think it's difficult for me to push sales at such a price 
What's your proposal then 
I think to get the business done , you should at least reduce the price by 20 % 
We could take a cut on the price if your order is a large one , but a 20 % reduction is really more than we can do . What quantity are you going to order from us then 
As a trial order , I'll take 5,000 dozen this time 
5,000 dozen is by no means a large order . In that case , the best I can do is to give you a 5 % reduction 
That's really a big change from 20 % . I really can't accept that 
What's your counter-offer then 
To conclude the deal , I'd say a reduction of at least 15 % would help 
15 % is impossible . That'll leave us almost no profit 
If that's the case , I'll have to go somewhere else to meet my needs 
How about doing it this way ? You increase your quantity to 8,000 dozen and I'll give you a l0 % reduction 
8000 would be too large a figure to be used for a trial 
Well , to encourage future business , I'm prepared to reduce the price by 10 % . We can't go any further 
Ok . Let's call it a deal 
Hello . This is Bell Canada . How can I help you 
Hi . This is Amy Yang . I ’ m calling for a home phone cancellation . I ’ m moving out next month 
Okay . What day would you want your home phone cancelled 
The end of this month 
All right . I ’ ll do it for you by then . Anything else 
No , thanks 
Bye 
Honey , wait ! I've sprained my ankle 
Oh , my god , are you OK 
Of course not 
Come on , sit down , and let me have a look 
The pain is killing me 
I told you to wear running shoes . But you don't listen 
I thought leather shoes will do just as well 
Hold on , don't move , I will take care of that 
What are you going to do 
I will get some ice , and put it on your ankle.How does that feel 
God ! It's freezing 
Be brave . Don't worry . You will be able to walk soon 
This is my friend Jenny 
What's her last name 
It's Snow 
What color are her eyes 
They're blue 
What color is her hair 
It's brown 
How old is she 
She's 42 
I have to check out now . My name is Ruth Carson . Can I have my bill , please 
Yes , it's $ 167 
Thank you 
I wish our competition will quit poaching our people , when Susan resigned last week to work for the Sunburst , she was our fourth employee to leave us for them 
Have you ever considered that perhaps we have a morale problem among our employees ? If everyone is discontent with their work , of course they won't stick arround 
Well , those do leave will soon find out the grass isn't as green on the other side of sense as they thought it was , I know Sunburst is suffering from inbreeding 
Inbreeding is a big drawback from snitching most of their employers from one or two companies 
With Susan leaving , we should probably look to someone new on board 
Our human resource department is working on it , it's not easy to recruit new employees every few month , it's hard to find qualified people 
Maybe we should start shopping around the competitors people 
I wish I could unsay the sharp words to him . He must hate me very much 
He doesn't mind . As a matter of fact , he's very pleased 
Really ? Oh , thank Goodness 
Hi , Bob . Can I have the book back I lent to you last month 
Oh ! I forgot all about it . Of course you can have it back , John . I'm sorry about the delay 
Well , it doesn't matter . I almost forgot it too if it is not for Peter who asked me about it this coming 
How long have you been washing clothes here 
I started washing here about three years ago 
How come 
I can wash my clothes for less money here 
This is my first time washing clothes here 
What reason are you washing here today 
I can't wash at home because my machine is broken 
Go and get it repaired 
That'll cost too much 
Are you going to continue washing your clothes here for a while 
I have no choice 
Washing clothes at a Laundromat costs a lot less money 
Some companies use to ban dating among employees , but now they have realized it is something in avertable . People spend so much time at work . It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other 
If we think positively , office love can be beneficial to company 
Beneficial ? I don ’ t think so . If two employees get married , they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon , or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies . If they break up , the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable . By any means , the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating 
But if two employees are in love , they will be happy . Happy people are more productive . If they develop an intimate relation with each other , they are willing to share knowledge and experience . It can help to improve work efficiency 
I doubt that 
Hey , Mom , look what I found 
Good heavens ! Don't bring that frog in the house 
Thank you for calling the Twin Theatre 
What time does the next showing of Forrest Gump begin 
The next show is at two o'clock 
What about the one after that 
In the discus throw , you scored 30 meters at the final throw . How did you make it 
Well , I've been practising for 5 weeks 
Is this your best score 
No , once I did 32 
Hi , Charlie ! What are you reading 
Hi , bob . I ’ m reading a biography 
Who ’ s it about 
It ’ s about Bob Dylan 
Who is he 
He ’ s a famous American musician 
Who ’ s the author 
It was written by Howard Sounds 
What do you think about it 
It ’ s great ! I ’ Ve learned a lot from reading it 
Can I read it when you ’ re done 
Sure , bob ! I ’ m on chapter 12 now , so I ’ m almost finished 
How many chapters does the book have 
There are 15 chapters in total 
When do you think you ’ ll have finished reading it 
I should be done by Friday . I ’ ll give it to you in class then 
Thanks . Charlie 
No problem . Bob 
What do you think 
It looks great 
I would like to purchase it 
Will this be cash or charge 
Here , take my credit card 
Just sign here , please 
Sure . Here you go 
Here's your receipt . Have a nice day 
You know that ? Joan has got the scholarship 
Really 
But I think Henry is a backroom boy.He always helps her with her study 
You're right 
You know that this afternoon's meeting is cancelled , right 
Why am I always the last to know these things 
I sent out a notice . You've stopped checking your e-mail 
No , but Bean did send me like a hundred forwards today . My mailbox must have been overflowing 
How obnoxious ! I heard he was sending you dirty jokes 
He not only sent me nasty e-mail , but he's so bored , he even asked me to search the Net for even more forwards for him 
Golden Taxi cabs , how may I help you 
Can you send a cab to pick me up 
Sure , where are you 
I'm on the corner of the Fifth and Mane 
What sports do you think women excel at most 
I think women excel in every sport except the ones that are taboo for us to join in , like football 
I mean which ones are they better at than men 
Why do you care ? Women and men are different all around . I don't think they can be compared 
That's a good point . Let me change my question . What sports do women like best 
Well , I know some women who love golf and I know others who love contact sports 
Are you saying that women can't be generally categorized 
Are you suggesting that anyone can be 
Peter ? This is Steven from China . I've got the document you want 
Great . Send it to me by FedEx tomorrow morning . Or better , call Federal Express for a pick-up . That way I'll get it even earlier 
That'll cost me a fortune 
Don't worry about that . I'll reimburse you as soon as I receive the package 
OK . I'll try . But I'm not sure Federal Express picks up mail in this city . If that's the case , I'll send the package through Chinese express mail service 
OK 
Do you know anything about Dr . Miller's classes 
Yes . Are you in his class 
I'm thinking of taking his class next semester 
He really knew his stuff , but he graded hard . Would that be OK 
Yes , I really need someone who is really good 
I didn't find it overwhelming to earn a good grade if you work at it . Can you do that 
Maybe , but I'm not sure 
Man , this guy was so funny when he was teaching . I like that , don't you 
No , that stuff isn't important to me 
Did you know that he is a fairly new teacher and very current in his field 
I don't care about any of that 
We all are looking for different things in an instructor . I hope I've helped you 
Good evening , madam . May I help you 
I want a facial . But this is the first time I've come here , so can you tell me how you do it 
Sure . Most facials start with a thorough cleaning . Then we usually use a toner to invigorate the skin , followed by exfoliation treatment-a peeling mask or scrub that removes the dead cells that make the skin lock dull . After that , we'll massage your face and neck with oil or cream to improve the circulation and relieve the tension , followed by a mask to moisturize and soften the skin 
That's exactly what I want . How long does it take 
We have half-hour and one-hour treatments 
What's the regular price 
Well , the half-hour facial costs 50 yuan and the one-hour costs 80 yuan . If you want make-up , another 20 yuan will do 
Good , I will take the one hour facial with make-up 
That's fine , madam 
By the way , could you give me a manicure ? Use a light nail-polish , please 
Yes , madam 
I'm sorry , but I didn't catch what you said 
I said , ' Do you want me to help you ? 
I'm trying to find a post office 
Go three blocks and turn right . It's right there 
Should I take the bus 
No . It'll only take about five minutes to walk 
Thank you very much 
Anytime 
Good morning , Maintenance Department 
Hello . I'm having a problem with my air conditioner 
Which air conditioner 
The one in the bedroom 
What seems to be the problem 
There's no cold air coming out 
May I have your room number , please 
512 
OK , we'll send someone up to check it 
I'm going out right now . But that's all right , you can come when I've gone 
Fine . The housekeeper will open the door and stay in the room with the repairmen 
I'll participate in a quiz about the 29th Olympic Games in Beijing . It will be held tonight . Will you come 
Sure . What do you know about the Olympic Games on the past ? For example , do you know where and when the first Olympic Games were held in the ancient times 
It was held in 776 B . C . at Olympia . It also has a long history of more than 2700 years 
Haven't the Olympics been stopped for a long time 
Yes , there were no games in 1916 , 1940 and 1944 , because of World War I and World War II 
I see . Look , do you know what that emblem means ? I've seen it so many times , but I don't know what it stands for 
Oh , it's the Beijing 2008 Olympics ' Emblem . It's a Chinese seal , meaning that Chinese people warmly welcome the friends from all over the world 
I see . I believe there will be lots of foreigners coming to Beijing to watch the Games 
Sure 
What can I do for you 
Would you recommend some materials on the World War Two 
Have you found a particular item from the card catalogue 
Yes , but I don't think they are enough for me 
Oh , maybe you can find something from the New York Times , or the Washington Post during that period 
That's a good idea . Thanks a lot 
You are welcome 
What can I do for you 
Do you have any blue shirts 
Yes . What's your size 
I'm not familiar with American size 
All right . Let me see . I think you'd wear a size 8 . This shirt is size 8 
It's pretty . May I try it on 
Sure . The fitting room is over there 
Thank you 
I absolutely love what you're wearing today 
You do ? I just bought this outfit a couple days ago 
Seriously , it looks really nice on you . Where did you buy it from 
I bought it from the Macy's at the Santa Anita mall 
I really like that outfit 
Thanks . I think you look nice today , too 
Thank you . I just bought these new shoes earlier today 
Those are nice . What are they 
These are some Chucks 
Those are great . How much were they 
I got them for forty 
I think I might go and find me my own pair of Chucks 
I think it's going to be a nice day 
It's certainly a big improvement over yesterday 
But it'supposed to get cloudy and windy again this afternoon 
Well , the worst of the winter should be over 
May , my grandpa is ill . I will go to look after him . Catch you later 
OK . I will catch you later 
You didn't show up to my performance last night ! Some kind of friend you are 
Give me a chance to explain . I was no my way and I had an accident 
Sure . You look like you're all black and blue 
I am fine . In fact , I don't have a scratch on me or my vehicle . But the other guy is in critical condition 
You're serious 
Yes , I'm serious . I'm really sorry about missing your concert 
I guess I misjudged you . I hope you can forgive me 
Of course I forgive you . What are friends for ? Now , what am I going to do for that other guy 
Hi Bill , I saw your grandma yesterday 
Oh where was that 
I was running around the track at my college and there she was walking around the same track 
Grannie always tries to stay fit and healthy.She is always making us kids eat the proper foods 
Well , it pays off for her.How old is she anyway 
She will be 86 next month 
That is truly amazing 
Crown Hotel . Reservation Desk . Can I help you 
Yes , I'd like to book a room at your hotel 
What kind of room would you like , sir ? We have single rooms , double rooms , suites and deluxe suites in our hotel 
I'd like to book a single room with a bath from the afternoon of October 2nd to the morning of October 6th 
All right 
What is the rate , please 
The current rate is $ 100 per night 
What services come with that 
For $ 100 you'll have a radio , a color television , a telephone and a major international newspaper delivered to your room every day 
That sounds not bad at all . I'll take it 
I just discovered that I owe $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered 
Let me check , sir . You were charged for watching ' Titanic ' Monday night 
That is absolutely incorrect ! I was out on the town Monday night 
Okay , sir , bear with me a moment 
Thank you for taking my word over the computer's word 
One slight problem , sir . I need to charge you $ 2 to remove this error from your file 
You can
I feel your pain , sir 
Absolutely unbelievable ! You people should be ashamed of yourselves 
I agree with you , sir , but all I do is work here 
Good afternoon . Can I help you 
I need some remedies for an upset stomach 
Are you also suffering from pain and fever 
Yes , and I also have the runs
I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water 
When should I take them 
Take on after each meal 
How long should I continue taking them 
Take them for two days.If your symptoms persist for more than two days , you should see a doctor Also , be sure to drink plenty of water to prevent dehydration 
Thank you for your advice 
This is the last of the milk 
I know . I intent to go to the store today 
Would you get some that new cereal we saw advertise on TV 
Which one 
You know . The one with the silly art about how advisements have jump up and down 
Oh , you mean kikois 
Yeah , That ’ s the one 
Well . I ’ ll see , sometimes the store don't have some one of new kinds of cereal 
How have you been doing lately 
Actually , I haven ’ t been sleeping well . I am kind of out of it 
Is there some reason why you can ’ t get enough sleep 
I go to bed , but I just can ’ t get comfortable enough to stay asleep 
When do you turn in for the night 
I usually try to go to bed around 11
Do you have a lot on your mind when you try to go to sleep 
My mother is ill with cancer , and I think about her a lot 
Do you ever meditate or read before bedtime 
I usually watch a lot of television before I go to bed . Maybe I should try something else to help me quiet down 
Could you tell me how to use the washer and dryer 
What do you need help with 
Do you know how to turn them on 
Do you have any change 
I need change for the machines 
You need to put 50 cents into the washer machine and a dollar into the dryer 
So what do I need to do 
The machines will turn on once you put the quarters into the slot 
That's really all I have to do 
That's everything 
Thanks for all your help 
I'm here if you need any more help 
Excuse me , doc . I am not feeling well . Can you help me 
Yes , but not here . Have you got registered yet 
No , I haven't . Where do I go for that 
The registration office . Did you bring your records with you 
Yes 
Is anybody here with you ? Parents or siblings 
No , I'm here all by myself 
You are a brave kid . Go ahead to the registration office first , then to the doctors 
But I don't know where the registration office is 
It's in the hall on the first floor 
Do I have to come back here after getting registered 
No , kid . This is the gynecology department 
Gynecology 
Yeah , It's only for girls 
Where are you going for your trip 
I think Hebes is a good place 
But I heard the north of China are experiencing severe sandstorms 
Really 
Yes , it's said that Hebes was experiencing six degree strong winds 
How do these storms affect the people who live in these areas 
The report said the number of people with respiratory tract infections tended to rise after sandstorms . The sand gets into people's noses and throats and creates irritation 
It sounds that sandstorms are trouble for everybody 
You are quite right 
Did Bean send these dirty jokes to you , too ? Look 
What a creep ! Phony good luck e-mails are one thing , but sexual harassment is crossing the line 
No wonder he asked for my address first-he just wants to harass me 
You could try using a spam filter to reject stuff that's obviously pornographic or anything else you don't want 
Is my car ready yet 
I don't know , sir . What's the number of your car 
It's LF 312 G 
When did you bring it to us 
I bought it here three days ago 
Ah yes , I remember now 
Have your mechanics finished yet 
No , they're still working on it . Let's go into the garage and have a look at it.Isn ' t that your car 
Well , it was my car 
Didn't you have a crash 
That's right . I drove it into a lamp post . Can your mechanics repair it 
Well , they're trying to repair it , sir . But to tell you the truth , you need a new car 
Did you ever take History 231 
Yeah . Last semester 
Who was the professor 
It was Professor Johnson 
I have him this semester . What do you think about him 
He's a terrible instructor and demands a lot , but fortunately , he's an easy grader 
What did you end up getting 
I got an A - . Sounds good , but none of my test scores were that high , so I don't know how I got a decent grade 
That's probably because he grades on a curve 
Are you enjoying the class so far 
I hate it and I was about to withdrawal . But after hearing your experience , I think I will tough it out 
Yes . Definitely stay in the class . You will get a better grade than your test scores . He does that deliberately to make all the students study a lot 
Thanks for letting me know . I feel relieved now 
What's wrong with him 
His nose is out of joint because we forgot to invite him to the party 
Annie , what is troubling you ? You look unhappy 
A man is pursuing me . He was my schoolmate in college , and he has been carrying a torch for me for three years 
Do you like him 
Yes , I do like him 
Then why are you hesitating 
You know that I have had a series of miserable relationships . Last summer , I fell in love with John . But the romance blossomed for six or seven weeks , and then wilted 
One love drives out another . You shouldn't be afraid to start a new relationship 
Maybe you are right 
Next , please 
Here are our passports and tickets 
Let's see . Yes , here are your passports back . Did you pack your luggage yourselves 
Yes , we did . Just this morning 
Did anyone approach you to ask you to carry anything for them 
No , sir . We left directly from the hostel 
Are these four pieces all your luggage 
Yes . Oh ! And these two carry-ons 
You'd better attach these stickers to your carry-ons 
Right . Thanks 
Here are your baggage claim stubs , miss . And here are your boarding passes . Your seats are 29K and 29J . Your flight leaves at Gate 7 , and we'll be boarding in about an hour and a half 
Thanks 
Have a nice flight 
You have a lovely house , Jack 
Thank you . But a number of things have been going wrong lately 
That's too bad . What problems are you having 
Oh , the whole house needs re-painting for starters . The carpet in the living room is worn out , and I'd like to put in new wall-to-wall carpeting . Last week , I had to call the plumber to fix the toilet . Anyway , all par for the course when you own a house , I guess . I think I am going to hire an interior decorator to look the place over 
I ’ Ve studied home decoration as a hobby . Could I make some suggestions 
Go right ahead 
Well , I think a crystal chandelier would look great in your living room , and maybe some new drapes for the windows . Also , a grandfather clock would look great in the den . Perhaps you could buy some potted plants for the dining room
Well , you really do have a talent for this , Alice . Thanks for the suggestions 
You are welcome , Jack . Glad to be of help 
Hello , I need to come in and see the doctor 
Are you scheduling a check-up , or are you ill 
I have really itchy skin and think I may have to have it looked at 
Have you been feeling any joint aches with that rash 
No , but I have a low fever 
I have times available for Tuesday or Wednesday . Which one would work best for you 
I want to come in on Wednesday 
I can fit you in on that day at 10
I would prefer Dr . Smith 
You can see the doctor of your choice then , and we will see you at your scheduled appointment time 
Come in , come in 
Hi , Gary , what happened ? I was waiting for you at the theater . Why didn ’ t you meet me there 
I thought we were supposed to meet here 
Don ’ t you know our movie starts at seven ? And we were going to meet at the theater at five to seven . Then it doesn ’ t make sense to meet at the apartment 
I ’ m sorry . We must have misunderstood each other 
Why don ’ t you try to be clearer about your intentions 
You ’ re right . I am sorry . Let ’ s go and watch the movie 
It ’ s okay . I don ’ t want to go now . We ’ Ve already missed ten minutes of the movie . I don ’ t want to see a movie without watching the beginning 
Do you think maybe it would be better to just talk to Vince ? Explain the situation 
No way . I want the satisfaction of squishing this bug myself . Plus , what if it's Vince 
I don't think so . Your admirer seems kind of sweet . Aren't you even a little curious about him 
He's just a distraction , like a mosquito buzzing in my ear . I want no distractions 
A little distraction might do you some good , Zina 
May I have your attention please 
Would you please be quiet , Ladies and Gentlemen 
Well , my speech isn't very long . Would you please ..
Quiet everybody 
May I know how old you are 
I am 24 
What is your date of birth 
I was born on April 15 , 1986 
Excuse me , can you tell me how to apply for a visa to America 
Log on to the website of American Embassy in Beijing and fill in the application forms 
And what should I do next 
Then make an appointment by telephone and wait for the interview 
How long will I wait for 
It all depends 
What's the fee for application 
About 800 yuan 
Thank you very much 
You are welcome 
What sort of accommodation can you supply for me 
We've got a beautiful two - double room with a bath an shower 
Good afternoon , Peace restaurant , may I help you 
I'd like to reserve a table for two , my wife and I 
Yes , sir . What time would you like , sir 
I'm not sure . Perhaps around 8 PM 
Fine , a reserve a table for two at 8 PM , sir , may I have your name , please 
Juliet , Juliet Berman 
Thank you , Mr.Berman . and you prefer smoking or non-smoking 
Non-smoking will be fine , please . But it is more important that you get a table by the window . It's our anniversary , and I'd like to be very special 
I'll try my best . With a toward to having with this tonight , Mr.Berman 
Thank you , goodbye 
Goodbye , and have a nice day 
How are you 
I ’ m doing well 
How may I help you 
Could you cancel a check for me 
What ’ s the problem 
I wrote the check out for way too much 
How much 
I wrote the check out for $ 150 
What were you supposed to write it out for 
I was supposed to write the check out for $ 100 
I ’ ll just cancel it for you right now 
That ’ s great . You ’ re a lifesaver 
I'd like to reserve a room 
Which date would that be 
For the night of April 18th , for one night 
I'm afraid our hotel is fully booked on that night . Is it possible for you to change your reservation date 
No , I'm afraid not 
We might have cancellations . Could you call us again some other day 
Sure , but if you do have any cancellations , could you let me know as soon as possible 
I'm very sorry , sir , but we are unable to do that . We would appreciate it very much if you could call us instead 
OK , thanks 
Oh , hi , Lily . When did you get back from Canada 
Just last week 
How was it 
Oh , I loved it . I only visited a couple of cities , you know . But I had a great time 
Well , tell me . What are they like 
They ’ re nice 
Excuse me , are you Sara Wilson 
Yes , I am.You must be Tom.Nice to meet you 
Nice to meet you too.Let me help you with your bags 
Be careful , Tom.Those are pretty heavy 
Wow , you're not kidding.Hold on a second.Hello , could you give us a hand , please 
Do you have the notes from last week's class 
Did you come late 
I couldn't make it 
Why is that 
I was sick 
Oh , okay . Well , here you go 
Are these all of them 
Oh , wait , here are the rest 
Thanks a bunch 
Don't mention it 
Rose , is this you 
Yes , what is up 
This is Susan . Would you mind taking charge of decorating the office for our Christmas party 
Sure 
You can get your supplies upstairs from Mrs . Horn 
Will I be getting any help 
You can ask Frank and Cathy to help you 
Lucy , where are you going 
I want to go to the supermarket 
Wait a few minutes and I'll go there with you 
Let's get a shopping cart 
Good idea
What are you going to buy 
Let's check out the fruit section first 
OK . I'd like some oranges . But they don't look quite ripe yet 
Look , nice fresh cherries ! They are ripe and soft . I'll take some 
I'll take some , too 
Let's go to the snacks section . I want some chocolate and sweets 
OK . I'll go and buy some cakes 
Do you want to buy something else 
No . Let's go over to the check-out stand 
Excuse me , can you help me figure out how to get to the Wudaokou subway station from here 
Sure ... first you're going to have to buy a ticket to ride on the subway . The Wudaokou station is on the lightrail , so you'll have to transfer . Be sure you buy a combination ticket for the regular subway and the lightrail . It should cost you 5 yuan 
An after I buy the ticket , where should I go 
You can take the red line train from here , but you'll have to transfer to the blue line at Fuxingmen transfer station . After you transfer , take the blue line that is heading north towards Fuchengmen 
So I transfer from red to blue , then how long do I ride the blue 
You'll take the blue line until you reach Xizhimen . That's a big station , so there will likely be a lot of people getting off at that stop . You can transfer to the lightrail there , you'll have to exit the subway and present the unused portion of your combination ticket to the Ticketmaster , they'll give you a new ticket to use on the lightrail system 
It sounds so complicated 
No , not the really , don't worry about it , like I said there'll be a lot of people there doing the same thing that you are doing , so just follow the crowd , There's only one direction to go , so you won't get on the wrong train . Head north on the Yellow line , and you'll see Wudaokou in just a couple of stops 
Would you like some more rice 
No , thanks . I'm full 
Hey Mei Hong , how are you getting to Xi ’ an next week 
I ’ m not sure yet . I may take the train but then again I might take the bus 
Yeah but the bus takes a long time . You could fly - it ’ s not so expensive these days 
Really ? Maybe I ’ ll do that then 
Ok well , you let me know your schedule and I ’ ll book a ticket for you 
Ok . Thanks for that 
I know you have a son . How old is he 
He's going to turn six next month 
Who is looking after him 
My mother-in - law . She retired last year 
You really are lucky 
Yeah , I know 
Where are we headed now 
To a historic coffeehouse . It's got a little Mafia story to it 
Awesome . Was someone killed there 
Oh , yeah , while he was eating , and he was a pretty famous Don 
Cool ! Is it safe for us to eat there though 
Sure . In fact , nowadays , you'll see more tourists there than Italians . There are Mafia tours nowadays that go there to eat 
Where are you going 
I'll accompany my wife to the hospital 
What's wrong with her 
She is expecting 
Congratulations to you 
Thank you 
Have you got your invitation yet 
My invitation ? No , I haven't . My invitation to what 
The house warming party 
Whose house warming party is it 
Tom and Bill Smith . They are both working now you know ? And they've bought a new house 
Oh , they have ? I didn't know . I haven't seen Tom lately 
It's out in the suburbs 
Have you seen the house 
Yes , I have . I went out with them last weekend 
Is it nice 
Yes , it is . There are three bedrooms , a living room , a dining room , and a big kitchen . There's also a garden 
Well , that does sound nice . Have they moved in yet 
They are moving today . Tom's taken the day off . He's rented a truck , and they should have all their furniture in the house tonight 
When are they going to have the party 
Next Saturday night . You should get your invitation today or tomorrow 
Wow , that would be something to look forward to 
I heard there is a big yard sale at weeks this saturday morning , i will go there to see if there is some nice clothes , do you want to go with me 
Well , i want to go to the university flea market , they got times of books , DVDs , and a lot of nice clothing , too 
How about we go to the yard sale first and then to the university flea market 
Good idea , let's shop to we drop 
Dad , I've finished my homework 
Well , what game do you want to play 
Do you want to play poker 
Do you know how to play it 
I'll teach you 
OK . Teach me how to play the game 
When do children start school in your country 
Normally at six . Before that , they spend several years in the kindergarten or pre-school education center 
But thats only in the cities , isnt it 
Right . In the countryside , things are more complicated 
Can kids in the countryside get equally good benefits and education like those in the cities 
It depends . In some poor , underdeveloped areas , children's education is a problem . Many kids cannot afford to go to school 
Do you have a reservation , sir 
No , I ’ m afraid we don ’ t 
I ’ m sorry the restaurant is full now . You have to wait for about half an hour . Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there ’ s a table available 
No , thanks , I ’ ll come back later . May I reserve a table for two 
Yes , of course . May I have your name , sir 
Bruce By the way , can we have a table by the window 
we ’ ll try to arrange it , but I can ’ t guarantee sir 
That ’ s fine 
your table's ready , sir ? Please step this way 
What's the most popular paper circulating in the community 
Atlanta Daily 
Oh , thank you . I want one 
Here you are 
Good morning ! Welcome to our bank ! How may I help you 
Good morning ! I'm Steven Smith . I want to open an account here 
OK ! Come this way please . You should fill a form here first . Here you are 
Thank you very much ! And then what 
If you don't mind , Mr . Smith , please go to counter number six to queue up and wait for the service 
OK ! Thank you 
My pleasure 
B , what's in your hand 
Sunday papers . I usually read them after coming back home from our company 
Why do you read them 
As you know , I am a sports fan . And these papers are famous for their sports section . So I will feel relaxed after grasping some information I am interested in 
I got your meaning . Reading is your own solution to solve pressure from busy tasks 
Correct ! What about you , Fred 
I often go to the bar near our dorm when I am overtired . I am crazy for drinking wines with special taste 
Don't overdo it 
Shall we have a drink someday 
I get drunk easily 
Excuse me , would you tell me who that girl is 
She's Betty.She ' s Mr Goldman's niece 
Would you love to introduce me to her 
Yes , I'll be glad to 
Ping-pong must be the top-ranking popular sport in China . It seems to me in every school , factory , army unit , or residential area , men and women , young and old , are swinging paddles 
You got it ! In a sense , it has become a byword for Chinese sport 
What do you think might be the source of its popularity 
I think its critical advantage lies in its low cost . All you need is a racket , a table and a light celluloid ball . Tables are usually available in public recreation areas , like finest rooms , and outdoor playgrounds ..
And sometimes a substitute table can be made out of a few desks 
Put it there ! In senior high schools , we used to play on desks in the classroom , when no vacant tables were available . Likewise , the racket may take a variety of forms , too.Anything that resembles a racket , from a plank to cardboard or even a hardcover book , may be used as a racket 
Haha , these are very good inventions . All these speak the public's fondness for the sport
Yeah , the sport is affordable and accessible to every Tom , Dick and Jane in this developing country . No wonder even the state leaders are known to be keen on it 
I know President Hu Into likes playing ping-pong 
Actually , he excels in it . Chairman Mao , too , encouraged the whole nation to play ping-pong as a part of the nationwide body building campaign 
I see . There was also the famous ping pong diplomacy , wasn't there 
You have done an excellent job this year and we are pleased with the results 
I am glad that you have been happy with my performance 
As a result of your performance , we are happy to offer you the position of manager 
Does this title come with an increase in salary 
Yes , it does 
Can you give me the specifics 
Your monthly gross salary will increase by $ 500 
That sounds fair 
I am an eloquent speaker in the classroom . But when I face a stranger outside , I get tongue-tied and nothing comes out 
You should pay close attention to your manner of speaking . Speech is a reflection of personality , you know . You should reflect confidence by speaking in a low voice , loud enough to be heard without being aggressive or overpowering 
I will go out of my way to catch the attention of the interviewer 
Your speech should not call attention to itself , but should reveal your individuality and ability 
I ’ m very shy . I think I might shake in my boots at the moment I meet the interviewer 
You ’ d better overcome your nervousness . it is considered an indication that you lack self-confidence 
Another problem is that I dare not look into their eyes whenever I meet strangers , especially foreigners 
In China , it is impolite to look into the senior speakers eyes while speaking . But in Western countries it is the opposite . Eye contact gives a strong feeling of sincerity . Looking downwards or sideways shows that you are either insincere or absent-minded 
Is there anything else that I should pay attention to in an interview 
Yes . Don ’ t eat onions or garlic before you come . If you do you ’ ll have bad breath 
I ’ ll remember to bring gum with me 
You should never chew gum or smoke during an interview , even if you are allowed to do so 
I remember now . Your advice is very helpful 
Excuse me , we have book table 6 . Would you please come and tidy the table 
OK , sir . We will be there right now ... sir , your table is ready 
Thank you . Could we have the menu , please 
Sure , here you are 
What is wrong with your face 
My brother did it 
Why 
I laughed up my sleeves at him . He ’ s seen his girlfriend off at the airport and had lipstick on his face and did not know it 
We need a person who knows how to operate and repair all kinds of office appliances 
I used to hold a similar job for six years 
So you're quite confident in your experience and skill
I think so 
we'd like to rent a flat near the university 
are you looking for somewhere for two people 
yes , we are . obviously , we'd like something as cheap as possible . we've heard that there are places for 80 to 100 pounds a month 
yes , there are several place available in that price range near the university . do you have any other requirements 
net really , no . we'd preferably like to live in a quiet street 
how many rooms do you need in the flat 
we'll need two bedrooms . the kitchen and dining room can be separate or combined 
ok . i've got a list of place that fit your requirements . let's just go through them . the first on the list costs 80 pounds a month , but it's on a noisy street and it's a little far from t
how far away is it from the campus 
it's about two miles away . that might be a little far to walk . here's one that's about half a mile from the campus . the cost is 100 pounds a month and it's on a small street , just off a
that sounds ideal . can we go to have a look at it ? we'd like to see it before making a final decision 
of course . i'm not very busy at the moment . if you can wait for about 15 or 20 minutes . i can take you there 
thank you . that would be great 
Flip it to channel 9 , will you , Janet ? There's a big basketball game on in a couple of minutes 
Sorry , turkey . I have already got dibs on the TV for tonight , remember ? And I'm watching ' Disco Fever ' on channel 6 
Oh , yeah , smarty-pants ? Over my dead body . Now , don't be such a brat and ..
Hey , what's wrong with the TV 
I don't know ! The picture went blank all of a sudden . It's probably the picture tube 
Looks like the TV wins that argument 
Yeah . Oh well , how about a game of cards instead 
Sure , why not 
Do you have any year-end benefits 
I don ’ t know till now 
I just saw a piece of news , that a group of white color workers hold a flour war in the office because of dissatisfaction of the year-end benefits 
Why they hold a flour war 
They got rice , flour and oil as presents , while the leadership got 1000 yuan shopping card 
They are not feeling satisfied 
It is said that the presents they got value less than 200 yuan , and it is no use for them at all , because they don't cook by themselves 
But how guilty to waste food 
How about going swimming 
Ok . Where should we go 
Why don ’ t we down to the pool ? It ’ s not too far from here 
Fine . I ’ ll be ready in a minute 
You shouldn't have told her the truth.What can we do now 
I'm sorry , It's all my fault 
You are always like this . I've told you many times not to tell her 
Sorry , I had no intention 
It's too late to say sorry now.Oh , what am I going to do 
I know I was an idiot , But if there is anything I can do to make up , Please do tell me 
What kind of gas does this car take 
I don't know . It's a rental 
I will give you premium unleaded . Alright 
Sure , why not 
That is the pump you are in front of 
Is it expensive 
It is the most expensive 
Well , I don't want it then . Can I move to another pump 
Yes , I can give you regular unleaded . But you have to back up the car a little 
Give me regular unleaded then . I will back up.Can you wash my windows for me 
I'm sorry , sir . This is not a full service gas station . I will help you fill the gas , but we don't wash windows here 
Really ? Well , I guess I have to get used to it 
So Peter , do you have a favorite comedy 
Well , that's hard to say because there are so many good ones . I don't think I could pick a favorite 
You know what comedy I really like ? " Ace Ventura , Pet Detective . " I think Jim Carry is really funny 
Oh yeah , that's one of my favorite flicks . I think Jim Carry is one of the funniest comedians ever 
I agree . But even though I like comedies , I usually prefer more serious films . My favorite movie is " Titanic . 
Do you have any cars available 
We have only one mid-size car left 
Great , what's the rate per day 
It's 40 $ plus tax per day on limited mileage 
I'm going to need it for three days 
Can I see your driver's license 
Sure , here is my driver's license 
Please sign here 
Good morning , Jerry.How ' s everything 
Fine , just fine.Thanks 
Doing anything for lunch 
Well , as a matter of fact , I've got a lunch date with Bob Thomas 
Excuse me , but can I draw on my account for payment of things I buy in China 
Certainly , sir . How much do you draw 
RIB 8,000 , please . Would you please tell me my balance 
Yes , sir . Your balance is RIB 34,000 
Two burgers , please 
For here or to go 
Oh , here comes a bus 
It's here at last 
How long have you waited 
Twenty minutes exactly 
It's your turn now , Helen 
OK . I'm coming 
This is your song . I picked it for you 
Thank you . You are so considerate 
Push the red button on the mike to turn it on 
OK . This key is too high for me 
I think it's a piece of cake for you 
OK . Let me have a try ..
Well done ! I hope I can sing as well as you one day 
Thank you . I'm sure you will 
I hope so . Thank you for saying so 
Thank you for bringing me here Hong , this place looks great 
You ’ re welcome . Would you like some cold dishes 
Let me see . How about the lotus root 
Ok , and anything to drink ? Maybe some jasmine tea 
Oh , yes that would be nice 
And for your main course ? I can recommend the sizzling beef 
Actually , I ’ m vegetarian so I ’ d like to have the bean curd 
Oh , that ’ s a good choice . Very healthy too 
Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about 
Zina , why are you whispering 
I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship 
What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! 
Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince 
We definitely have to talk , Zina . And watch your back . Elvin is still mad about his nose 
OK , but don't tell anyone what I said 
Joy Chain elementary school , please 
Will do 
How frustrating ! The bus is still not coming 
Ma'am , take your kid to school 
Yes . I am in a hurry . Please take a shortcut 
No problem . Don't worry , the taxi is faster than the bus 
The traffic is terrible on Monday morning . It takes us almost 1 hour to get to school 
My son is the same . But he always makes an early start in the morning , and enjoys listening to the English programmer Let's talk in English on the way 
That's wonderful . He is killing two birds with one stone.Sir , please turn right at the next corner . And stop at the taxi stand 
OK 
What is the fare 
It's 14.5 Yuan 
Keep the change 
Thanks , Ma'am 
Northward Airways , good morning . May I help you 
Yes , do you have any flights to Sydney next Tuesday afternoon 
One moment , please ... Yes . There's a flight at 16:45 and one at 18:00 
That's fine . Could you tell me how much a return flight costs ? I'll be staying three weeks 
Economy , business class or first class ticket 
Economy , please 
That would be 346 Euro 
OK . Could I make a reservation 
Certainly . Which flight would you like 
The 16:45 , please 
Could I have your name , please 
My name is Mary Jones , that's M-A-R-Y J-O-N-E-S 
How would you like to pay , Ms . Jones 
Can I pay at the check-in desk when I pick up my ticket 
Yes , but you will have to confirm this reservation at least two hours before departure time 
I see 
Now you have been booked , Ms . Jones . The flight leaves at 16:45 , and your arrival in Sydney will be at 9:00 a . m . , local time . The flight number is NWA 476 
Thank you 
You don ’ t look so good 
I feel horrible . I think I picked up a bug 
Do you know who you got it from 
A lot of people in my dorm are sick . Perhaps I picked it up there 
Did you take any cold medication 
I ’ Ve been taking vitamin C and zinc and trying to get some rest 
I think that rest and liquids are what doctors recommend for a cold 
My grandmother swears by hot chicken soup for a cold 
A pharmacist might be able to help you if your home remedies don ’ t work 
Yes , if I get worse , I will definitely look for extra help with this 
Good afternoon , how can I be of service today 
My company wants to become involved in your Comprehensive Credit Granting . We are a very young company and I'm not at all sure if we meet your credit requirements 
It is possible to take into account special circumstances , should the manager agree to it . If your credit rating has been class A in your initial trading period and your debt to asset ratio is sound , and then I'm sure the manager will see you to discuss it further . I'll set up a meeting for you 
That would be wonderful . Thank you so much for all of your help 
I love that vase 
Do you really like it 
Yes , it looks perfect 
It wasn't very expensive either 
That's amazing 
Jason , it's your turn 
I hope I get an easy question like you did 
You rolled a four . Let's see ... you landed on Foreign Films 
Oh , great . That's just my luck ! I hate those arty movies 
Well , too bad . So , what foreign film won an Oscar in 1993 
Oh , please ! I have no idea 
The answer is Belle Opaque . It's a Spanish movie , and the title means The Age of Beauty in English 
I'd like to request some more amenities 
Amenities ? What do you mean by amenities , sir 
Well , the free stuff ! You know the soap , lotion , shampoo , etc 
I see . Sir , if I may ask . Have you used up all the amenities in your room 
Not at all . I still have enough for the next few days 
Then what is the problem , sir 
I need some to keep as souvenirs 
Souvenirs 
Yes , souvenirs . Trinkets to remember my trip by 
We do have a souvenir shop on the first floor , sir 
Oh , that's not the same . I never pay for hotel souvenirs 
I'll call housekeeping . Someone will be up with more amenities shortly 
Thank you for showing me your offices , Mr . Becker . I can see why Washington bureaucrats enjoy their jobs 
Why do you say that 
The city is beautiful , the off ... , the offices are modern and comfortable , and the work is so interesting 
Many people work for the federal government their entire adult lives . Government service can be a rewarding and secure career 
Do you mean financially rewarding 
Well , many positions pay salaries that are comparable to those in private industries 
I ’ Ve always thought that most bureaucrats are lazy 
Sometimes that ’ s true , but not usually . Most feds are honest , hard-working professionals . It ’ s hard to keep highly trained people , so the pay and working conditions have to be attractive 
How much do you make 
I ’ m a GS - 15 . That ’ s high on the scale of workers , but even a GS - 1 is paid a living wage 
I want to get some cable 
Do you know what package you want to get 
What packages do you have 
We have movie channel packages 
What else have you got 
You can get the sports package 
Is there a package with basic and movie channels 
We have that package 
Let me get that package 
Is there anything else you would like 
That's everything , but can I add channels later 
You will be able to add or get rid of channels another day 
How did you two meet 
To tell you the truth , it was completely accidental 
Pardon me . Please speak a little louder 
I said please stop by the entrance of EVA Air at the Arrival Terminal 
Sure . What else can I do for you 
Oh , no . That ’ s it . Nice to chat with you . Have a good day 
Thanks a lot . We arrived at Kaohsiung International Airport 
Let's have some lunch ; do you know of a great restaurant somewhere 
Yes , I'm hungry . What types of food sound good 
Maybe just a quick sandwich , salad , or something 
I have a great idea of where you might like to go 
Can we walk there 
It's on the second floor . May I join you 
Of course ! Let's go 
Let's hurry . I'm starving 
Are you going to vote 
I am so excited to be voting 
Do you know who you ’ re going to vote for 
I am so impressed with the candidate I ’ m going to vote for 
What ’ s so great about him 
I feel that he is very intelligent 
Oh , really 
Yes , and I agree with all his policies 
That ’ s good to hear 
I think this man is going to be the next President 
I hope so 
I ’ m going to make sure and get my vote in 
I think this painting would look good in our living room . What do you think 
Sure . Let's buy it 
Can you help me plan the office party 
Sure . What do you need the most help with , the food or entertainment 
I need help with food 
OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual 
I think it should be casual 
I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have 
I would prefer Chinese food for this party 
Perfect choice . For music , should we have a live band or a DJ 
I think we should hire a live band 
OK then . Well , I will work on my part and get back to you with my progress on Friday 
I'm going to let Bob know about the merger 
It makes no sense to tell him about that 
Why 
Because he'll tell Mary and that will cause us problems 
Confronted with difficult questions in an interview , the job-hunters mostly will be at a loss about what to do 
Usually , you cannot prepare for these questions in advance and have to depend on your immediate performance 
Still , there are some rules to follow 
In this case , you should first keep calm and normal to the face 
Don't get nervous and freaked out 
Formulate a satisfactory answer based on your specific situation 
There should be neither too much silence nor hasty answers
Try to show the best of yourself with decent words and manners 
Don't be discouraged even when confronted with negative questions
You should admit your weakness frankly 
Anyway , what really matters is that you have tried your best 
You must have confidence in yourself 
Now you're my boss , Mr . Henry 
Do you have any other particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration 
No , nothing in particular 
You may ask questions about us , if you have any 
All right . When can I start 
Are these all yours 
Yes , they are 
Cash or credit card 
I want to use these coupons . Have they expired 
Not yet . Oh , Madam , this item is no longer on sale , and this goes on sale tomorrow . Will you take them 
Yes , could you use plastic bags 
Sure , it is 80 yuan in all and you have to give me another coupon 
Could you charge it to my credit card 
Certainly 
Here you are 
Okay . Input your pin number , please . Sign here 
Sure 
Here's your receipt 
Thank you 
Hello , Mr . Brown , long time no see . Where have you been 
Oh , I went on a holiday in the city of Chende 
Great . What do you think of it 
The city is small , not very modern , but there are many mountains with lots of trees around the city , so the air there is pretty fresh 
Did you go to the Summer Mountain Resort 
Certainly ! The most attractive place is that , it's very large ; it is 8 times the size of Forbidden City and 16 times the size of Summer Palace . The art of gardens is perfectly represented in it 
It sounds great , and is it really cool there 
Yes , I think the reason is that there is a big lake , and many trees in the Resort 
What is the special local product 
The main product of Chende is various kinds of ferine mushroom and the almond . The mushroom tastes really good , and it is very different from the common mushrooms , and the snack made of almond is delicious 
I hope to go there someday 
I ’ m a new student . My name ’ s Robert 
Nice to meet you . My name ’ s Sophie 
Are you French 
Yes , I ’ m . Are you French , too 
No , I ’ m not 
What nationality are you 
I ’ m Italian . Are you a teacher 
No , I ’ m not 
What ’ s your job 
I ’ m a keyboard operator . What ’ s your job 
I ’ m an engineer 
Wow ! I can ’ t believe I ’ m standing here 
What are you so excited about 
I ’ m standing in front of an exquisite work of art 
What ’ s the big deal ? It ’ s just a picture of some woman 
I ’ Ve seen it so many times in books , but I never imagined I ’ d get to see it in person 
There are tons of other paintings that I think are better 
Maybe so , but do you have any idea how much this one is worth 
No , how much is it worth 
About 80 million dollars 
Whoa 
How much money do you expect in this position 
With my experience , I'd like to start at 3,000 RIB per month 
Well , it is a little more than we had planned 
I think you will find I am worth it 
I think I'm going to go get some food 
What do you want 
I can't decide what to get 
What kind of food do you want to get 
I think I might like some Chinese food 
Do you know where you're going to get it 
I honestly don't know 
I go to Panda Express for my Chinese food 
You like the food there 
I really like the food 
I think I'll go and get my food there 
I think you'll enjoy the food 
Look ! They're going to do the first drawing ! It's for a DVD player 
Hmm . That must be the DVD player that another one of my friends donated . He owns one of the largest electronics stores in Taipei 
They're picking a name ... It's ... Darryl from marketing ! Rats 
Don't worry ! There are a lot more prizes ! I know , because the prizes are all from companies that I work with 
Hmm ... Darryl doesn't look like the red underwear type ..
Honey , I've got good news for you 
What is it 
You are going to be a father 
What ? Do you mean that you are pregnant ? Is it true 
Yes . We'll have our baby soon 
Oh , dear , I'm so happy 
Me , too 
We need to elect club officials before the summer starts 
I guess we should start with nominees first 
Let's make it the first item of business in our next meeting 
We should probably let everyone know ahead of time so they will be prepared 
Can you take care of sending out a bulletin by e-mail to all the club members 
Yes , I can do that this afternoon 
Let's schedule the actual election times the week after the nominations . Doesn't that seem logical 
Yes , let me put it on the calendar 
Could I speak to Mary , please 
This is Mary speaking . Who is that 
This is Bob . Where have you been , Mary ? I have been trying to get on to you for the last half hour . Don ’ t you leave your home at 7
Yes , I do , but today I went shopping and have only just come back . It is very nice to hear your voice , Bob . I didn ’ t know you were in New York 
I arrived this morning . I would have rung you before but I have been terribly busy all day attending a conference . It has only just ended . Are you doing anything tonight , Mary 
Yes , I am going to meet a client 
But that is terrible ! I am only here for one night 
I am sorry , Bob . If you had told me you were coming up , I would have kept tonight free . But you didn ’ t tell me 
I didn ’ t know myself till this morning when my boss suddenly dashed into the office and told me to rush up here to attend the conference 
I thought Henry usually did the conferences 
Yes , he does but when he was driving up here last night he had an accident and was taken to hospital . So I am doing it instead . Mary , Must you go out tonight ? Couldn ’ t you get out of it 
I ’ m free tomorrow but I suppose that will be too late 
No , I will stay another day.my boss will get over it . Would you like to meet me for lunch tomorrow 
I ’ d like to . But Bob , are you sure it will be all right ? I would hate you to make your boss angry or even lose your job 
It is all right . I will call the boss and tell him I am staying another day . I stayed an extra night in Boston last month and he didn ’ t seem to put about it 
Why did you stay an extra night in Boston ? What happened 
I will tell you tomorrow . See you tomorrow , Mary 
See you tomorrow 
Do you know Mark 
Yeah ! He is a nice guy . He is very helpful and always bends over backward to help those who are in need of help 
Can you introduce him to me 
Sure 
I have a complaint to make . The bill you sent me was incorrect . What's more , it isn't the first time
Well , I must apologize , madam . We have new computers here , you know 
Don't you think it's about time you got them working properly 
I agree entirely . I assure you it won't happen again 
So how can I make it 
First you make a list of what you wanna buy ..
But I ’ Ve gotta have the budge before anything else 
Well , that ’ s a problem , isn ’ t it 
Hello , Jane . What do you do in your spare time 
Well , nothing special , reading , watching TV , walking , and so on 
Don't you have any hobbies , like stamp collecting or things like that 
No , I don't have any hobbies . How about you 
I like collecting antiques . It's expensive , but it's a lot of fun 
Really ? How many collections do you have 
So far I have more than 500 collections 
Among those collections , which is the most expensive 
A set of ancient china . It is really invaluable 
I was looking at my test score and think that it should be higher 
Is the math wrong or the way the answer was marked 
I think an answer got marked wrong that should have been marked right 
These things can happen ; let's double-check the answers first to be sure , all right 
That would be great 
Look at the answer sheet and compare it to your answers . Do you see any place where I made a mistake in grading 
This one right here should be right 
Yeah , I see the same thing ; now we can do the math and check that , right 
Yeah , let's do the math 
I count all of the correct answers , total them , and divide by the total . Does this look right to you 
Looks pretty good 
Thank you for caring enough to check on your scores ; keep studying 
You look pale recently 
Yeah . I have got much pressure in the company . I have to be wrapped up in my work 
Take good care of yourself 
Thank you . I will 
Maybe you should have told me first 
Why 
Because we're partners 
I realize that but I needed to make a decision 
I would appreciate it if you could go to the store for me 
No problem . What do you want me to get 
Here's a list with a few things that I need you to get 
Did you forget to put anything on the list 
I don't think I forgot anything 
Would you like me to go anywhere else for you 
If you don't mind , I would appreciate it if you would pick up my prescription 
Has your prescription been filled yet 
Someone at the pharmacy called and told me it was ready 
Sure , I'll go get it for you 
Thank you 
Anything for you 
How much would it cost to send this special delivery to England 
Just a second . I'll have to check that . Anything else I can do for you 
Yes . I'd like to send a $ 20 money order 
There you go 
Flight BE 407 to Rome is delayed . Will passengers please wait in the lounge 
Oh , how annoying 
The time of departure will be announced as soon as possible 
Is's infuriating ! I have to be in Rome by five 
Has Mien sold his house yet 
Yes , he has . He sold it last week 
Has he moved to his new house yet 
No , not yet . He's still here . He's going to move tomorrow 
When ? Tomorrow morning 
No . Tomorrow afternoon . I'll miss him . He has always been a good neighbour 
He's a very nice person . We will all miss him 
When will the new people move into this house 
I think that they will move in the day after tomorrow 
Will you see Mien today , Janey 
Yes , I will 
Please give him my regards . Poor Mien ! He didn't want to leave this house 
No , he didn't want to leave , but his wife did 
What makes you think you are able to do the job 
My major is Automobile Designing and I have received my master's degree in science . I think I can do it well 
What kind of work were you responsible for in the past employment 
I am a student engineer who mainly took charge of understanding of the mechanical strength and corrosion resistance of various materials 
Steve . Is that you 
Yeah . What's going on 
Not much . What a surprise to see you here 
Yeah . It's been a couple of months since I saw you 
What have you been up to 
I just started working out 
Really ? Where do you work out at 
I joined the Samsung Health Club last month 
What do you mostly do during your workout 
I concentrate mostly on my legs , chest , arms and stomach 
I should start exercising more 
It's hard work while exercising , but it is a great feeling when I get done 
I have a running machine at home . I used to use it , but I already got sick of it 
Exercising at home is hard . The environment is not suited for exercising 
If I want to exercise , I will need to join a gym 
I have a couple of guest passes . You want to check out my health club 
That's a good idea . Let's go over the weekend 
Great . I'll call you Saturday morning 
Aright . I'll talk to you later 
Ok . Bye 
Which university did you graduate from 
I graduated from Songhua University 
When did you graduate 
I graduated from it in 2002 
Did you enjoy your weekend at the highland hotel ? I heard it ’ s and excellent place to stay and has good facilities 
I had a wonderful time . The rooms are not very big , but they are well furnished . The restaurant is excellent and reasonably priced . There ’ s a sauna and a Jacuzzi 
Do they have a swimming pool 
No , they don ’ t . they have a beauty parlor , but I didn ’ t go there 
What ’ s the service like 
It ’ s very good . Check in and check out at the reception only took a few minutes . The wait staff is very good . A waiter recommended their baked fish , which tasted wonderful . The hotel was quite full , so I ’ d suggest making a reservation if you intend to go there . The hotel offers a discount at the weekends 
It sounds perfect . Did you have any complaints at all 
There was a problem with the internet access , so I couldn ’ t check my email , but I didn ’ t complain about it to the management 
I suppose you were happy to forget about the outside world 
Yes , I was . Here ’ s their business card 
Thanks . Was there a mina bar in the room 
No , there wasn ’ t . There is a bar on the ground floor and of course you can buy drinks in the restaurant to go with your meal 
One of the things I dislike about hotels is that everyone expects tips 
I know . At the inland hotel , they have an interesting policy . When you check out , you put some money in a special box at reception . Each evening , the money in the box is shared equally by the hotel staff 
Rachel , do you like music 
Of course . I can't live without it , so I always bring my CD with me no matter where I go 
What kind of music do you like best 
Light music and classic music 
Really ? I can't believe this . I am also keen on classic music . And do you know there is a concert of classic music tomorrow evening 
But I didn't get the ticket . And it is said that they were sold out yesterday 
I got two . We can go there together 
Amazing ! I can imagine the feeling when I hear the smooth tune around my ears 
Mark , you really did a good job 
You flatter me 
You must have spent much time on the project 
Yes . I have a great team working with me 
Your project made much profit for the company . And the board of directors decided to give you a bonus 
Many thanks 
May I come in 
Come in , please 
Hello , Mr . Liang . I've done with the work . My report is here so please give me new instructions 
Oh , very good . I've been waiting for your report all week 
Would you please have a look at my report ? I hope the project meets your demand 
OK , I will see it soon . You can go back now 
If you have any questions about it , please don't hesitate to tell me . I'll go . Bye 
Bye 
Are you an art aficionado 
Not really . I like going to an art exhibition once or twice a year . I hardly know anything about art or sculpture . You are a true art lover , aren ’ t you 
I love going to art galleries , particularly when one is holding an exhibition of abstract art 
I never understand the meaning of those painting . They are too abstract for me . I didn ’ t pay much attention in art class at school 
Art isn ’ t for everyone . I ’ m going to an exhibition tomorrow at the national gallery . It ’ s an exhibition of greek and roman sculpture 
I like sculpture , especially that form ancient rome or Greece . What time are you thinking of going ? I ’ d love to go with you 
I thought I ’ d have an early lunch and go immediately afterwards . Does that sound ok to you ? Bus 51 goes directly there 
That sounds fine . What time shall we meet at the bus stop 
Let ’ s meet at 12:30 . it will probably take us there or four hours to see all of the exhibits 
Excuse me , could you help me pick out a lotion 
Sure , what is the problem 
I got poison oak while hiking , and I need something to help me with the itching 
I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream 
Which do you prefer 
Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer 
Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching 
You can take an antihistamine 
Thank you so much for all of the information 
You are welcome . Please feel free to ask me a question any time you need help 
What schools have you attended 
I finished Young Primary School in 1998 , and entered Xi ’ an Middle School that same September . I graduated from there in July of 2004 , and that September I entered Wuhan University , where I'm studying now 
How do you think the education you have received will contribute to your work in this company 
I think I have a good understanding of fundamentals in the areas your company deals with , and I can go on from here to build up the specific skills and knowledge I need to do my job well 
Your graduation thesis was on Medical Application of Laser , right ? What were your conclusions 
Yes . I did some work on that , and I found out some really interesting things about the conductivity of liquid helium . I was sure I had a great discovery until my teacher told me the same discovery already made twenty years ago . I think the most important thing , I learnt though , was the importance of keeping good records 
Hello , what can I do for you 
Can you repair my shoes 
No problem . No matter what ’ s wrong with it , I can surely meet your satisfaction 
Really ? Look at the toe of this shoe . It is worn out 
Oh , here . I ’ m afraid it ’ ll be difficult to repair 
Can you do it 
Yes , I can . To tell you the truth , I ’ m the best nearby 
Cheers ! Let ’ s tie one on 
Right , drink as much as you can 
Hmm . Not bad . I think I look younger with shorter hair 
Yes , you do . The Hot Cap is back here in the corner . I think we're ready to put the curlers in . What kind of perm would you like 
I just want a light wave . I look really silly if my hair is too curly 
All right . What if we leave your bangs straight and just perm the sides and back 
Super . How long will I have to sit under the Hot Cap 
Around 30 minutes 
Hi , Bill . Are you going to the commencement 
Yes . Do you want to go with me 
OK . ( Several minutes later . ) Let's go into the school auditorium 
Now that take this seat . Do you see those piles of red diplomas on the desks on the stage 
Yes . I find my heart is now rising and falling like waves , all sorts of feelings welling up in my heart 
That's true . Four years ' trails and hardships , joys and sorrows of life are gushing out to my mind all together . I can hardly tell whether I am joyful or gloomy at the moment when I am about to leave the campus and to start a new stage of my life 
How time flies . Look , the president of the college has come onto the stage 
He's going to make the opening speech 
Excuse me , could you tell me how to get to the school clinic ? I've lost my way 
Yes . Go straight ahead till you come to the traffic lights , turn left there and it's the first turning on the right 
Straight ahead to the traffic lights , left and then right 
That's it . It'll take you about five minutes 
Thank you very much 
Mr.Martin , we're on arrival 
It's nice of you to see my off at the airport . Thank you very much 
We'll miss you . I hope we'll keep in touch 
Sure . You've given a great help to me in the past days 
It's my pleasure . We hope you'll visit Beijing again 
Certainly . I'll be glad to 
It's almost time to get aboard 
Yes , we should go . Thank you very much . Goodbye 
Bye bye ! Have a pleasant journey 
Usually cities have greater traffic problems 
Of course , there're too many people 
I hate the car columns on the road 
But we couldn't help it 
Give me a call tomorrow 
Okay 
Please help yourself at your dishes . I hope you ’ ll enjoy what you ’ Ve got 
It suits my taste . You are really a good cook 
Would you like to try my special recipe 
Wow , let me try . It tastes nice . How did you make it 
It ’ s as easy as pie . I always follow recipes 
Hello ! So , you're back . Do you have everything with you 
I think so 
We will need detailed information regarding the full name of the company , the company address ..
Yes , yes . I've got all of that here 
And also , the bank and branch name the company holds an account with and the account number 
Check , check and check 
What's the purpose for this check ? Would you like to know its repayment capacity 
Yes , that's one of the main things we are interested in . When do you think I can get hold of this report 
As it's confidential there is a certain amount of red tape , but it shouldn't take too long . There is , of course a service fee of 300 RIB to be paid 
No problem , I'll settle that now . You can take it from my Business Account 
Walker Airline Travel Agency.May I help you 
What flight has seats available to Milan on this Sunday 
I am sorry . All the seats are booked . How about next Monday 
Oh.my god . But I have to be there on Sunday . I want to go on stand-by 
OK , sir . I have added your name to the waiting list.We will call you as soon as possible 
Thank you 
Rock music really leaves me cold . What about you 
I'm crazy about it.It makes me very excited 
Then tell me what's good about it 
It can't be expressed by words 
Hello , could I make a reservation 
Sure . At what time 
6 o'dock in the evening 
Let me see ... Sorry , sir . We are fully booked tonight . Would you mind making a reservation some other time 
Do you offer mutton hot pot at noon 
Yes , sir 
Then we will come here for lunch tomorrow 
Dodge Automobiles , may I help you 
Is this Susan 
No , I'm the operator 
Oh well , do you know if the Susan Li is available 
One moment and I'll check 
I see an Open House sign over there , and I think we should go check it out 
I think that looks like a very nice house . Is it on our Internet listing for Open Houses 
Yes , I see it listed on the printout we got off of the Internet 
I love the beautiful lawn . What a great front entryway 
We need to make sure to put our names in the registry so the realtor knows we were here 
That works for me . We can check out the kitchen next 
On such a hot day , it is thoughtful to have water out for potential buyers 
Check out the flyer with all of the home ’ s information on it 
What is the price of this house in the flyer 
They have changed the asking price since it first went on the market . It is now two hundred and twenty-five thousand 
I'm going to have some people over for dinner Saturday night.Would you like to join us 
Oh , I'm afraid I'll be busy tomorrow evening 
Some other time then 
OK.Thanks for asking me 
welcome back ! How was your vacation 
it was fantastic , but I'm glad to be back ! Being a tourist is really tiring 
where did you end up going 
because it's off-season , we got a really good package deal to Paris , so we went there 
I've always wanted to go to Paris . The Eiffel Tower is one of the most famous tourist attractions in the world ! Did you go to the top 
that was the first thing we did . I have a few pictures . Do you want to see them 
sure . What's this one a picture of 
oh , that's a picture of me on our fourth day of travelling . I'm standing next to a famous foundation in the centre of the city 
you don't look very happy in that picture 
no , by that time , I was sick of sightseeing . I had had enough of art galleries , cathedrals , fountains , statues , and palaces 
so what did you do 
we spent that afternoon walking around a flea market . We had a few coffees , watched a movie , and went for a swim in the pool at the hotel 
my travel agent always reminds me to plan a day of relaxing for every 3 days of sightseeing . Did you go to the Louvre 
of course ! You can't go to Paris without going to their famous art gallery ! I was surprised by how small the Mona Lisa was though 
that's what everyone says ! I can't wait to see it for myself some day 
What's today's special 
I think our smoked fish will be to your taste 
OK , I'd like to try it today 
Can I ask you what the office rules are 
Yes , do you know the nine to five timetable 
Is it from 9:00 to 12:00 in the morning and 1:00 to 5:00 in the afternoon 
Yes , you are right 
Wangfujing Grand Hotels . How can I help you 
Do you have any rooms available next Saturday and Sunday night 
Could you hold the line , please ? I will check out our room availability for those days ... Yes . we have a few vacancies next weekend . We have double rooms , suites and deluxe suites in Japanese , Roman . French and presidential styles , which one do you like best 
A double room , please 
OK . Could I have your name , please 
My name is Monica Cellar 
OK , Ms . Monica . I've reserved a double room for you next Saturday and Sunday night . We will see you then 
Thank you 
Did you sign up for the picnic party 
Yes , of course . I love the picnic party . It ’ s really family fun time 
This time you can bring your daughter with you 
Right , she is so excited and simply can ’ t wait 
There are times of games planned , should have a grand time 
He has to deliver letters every day 
Poor man , he must be terribly fed up with it 
Oh , no , he likes the job 
Oh , Really 
What would you like to drink 
I'll just have water 
Thanks for lunch . It was delicious 
It's OK 
Next time lunch is on me 
Don't be silly 
I'm serious 
All right . Next time you will treat 
It's a deal 
I wonder if you could allow us any discount for this commodity . It's the general practice that wholesalers usually get some discount from manufacturers or suppliers 
As a rule , we don't allow any discount 
But we usually get a discount of 3 % to 5 % from our other suppliers . Actually , some discount on your prices would make it easier for us to promote sales , you know 
That's true . But I am sorry I can't make an exception . We have quoted you our lowest price . We can't give you any more discounts 
Did you understand question number three 
Not at all , I was totally in the dark 
What arrangement will you make about payment 
We shall open an irrevocable L / C to cover our shipment from Shanghai to Hamburg . Is it at sight or after sight 
At sight of course 
Some customers demand that 80 % of the credit amount be paid at sight , and the rest be paid after the machines are proved satisfactory on trial 
I am afraid that can't be done . We have never done business on such terms 
But such terms are quite common in the machinery trade . Other suppliers are offering better terms . Some even allow payment 60days after sight 
We ask for full payment at sight , because we guarantee 90 % mechanical efficiency for all our products . You don't have the same guarantee from other suppliers . The usual percentage is around 85 
That's true . I'm eager to know if you could send some fitters to ensure good operation 
Yes . We usually send technicians abroad to offer after-sales service to our customers 
If you send fitters along with the machines to ensure that all the machines run properly , and if you provide after-sales service , we agree to make the payment in full 
Thank you . I am glad we have come to an agreement at last 
Good morning , can I help you 
We'd like to buy some furniture for our new house 
Here are several sets of furniture , including sofa , dressing table , wardrobe , and sideboard . How about this one 
We like a larger wardrobe 
I would like you to meet my family . Can you come to dinner next week at my parents ' place 
Yeuks ! Do they know anything about me 
Actually , I've told them a lot about you . They are excited to meet you 
I'm a little nervous 
I think you'll like them . My family is pretty laid back 
How Ay people will be there at dinner 
Let's see . there's my mom and dad and my two brothers and one of my sisters 
That's good , I'm usually more comfortable in bigger families 
Is there any meat 
Yes , just tinned meat 
Is it chicken 
No , it ’ s beef 
Is it ready to eat 
Well , you ’ d better heat it before you eat it 
I'm very worried , doctor . I'm afraid that I'm very ill 
Why do you think so 
Because I feel tired all the time , even when I wake up in the morning . I find it very difficult to do any work . I have no appetite 
How do you sleep 
Very badly , doctor 
Are you worried about anything 
Well , yes , I am . I'm worried about my work . I've just taken a new job . I earn a lot of money but it's difficult work . I'm always afraid of making a mistake 
Well , there's nothing much wrong with you . You're under too much pressure 
I saw your car outside , so I stooped by 
Yeah , I come here every now and then 
Is anybody here 
Coming . What do you want today 
Quite a lot . I need one pound of potatoes , three pints of milk , a dozen eggs and one pound of tomatoes 
Our fruit is very fresh today . Do you want some 
How much are the lemons 
Three for ten cents 
Give me a dozen lemons 
Anything else 
No , thanks . How much in total 
Twenty eight dollars 
Do you consider yourself a good mother 
Yes , I'm a very good mother and successful career woman 
How can you manage to do both ? I mean , it is so hard to be a working mother 
I think the most important thing is that you should be nice to yourself , like keeping housework simple , spending money on things that make life easier , buying yourself things you like , and so on . You can only be nice to others when you can be nice to yourself 
Does your husband feel the same 
Yes . He is very understanding and supportive 
I would back him up to the hilt anyway 
Why are you so kind to him 
He's my brother 
So that's how it is ! Now he ’ s in trouble , but I belive he will rise to his own feet again 
Thanks for your belief 
Can you study with the radio on 
No , I listen to background music 
What is the difference 
The radio has too many comerials 
That's true , but then you have to buy a record player 
Do you get up early every morning 
About 6 in the morning . I like to walk to the office 
Good habit . How long does it take 
About 20 minutes . Do you live alone 
No , my little sister lives with me 
How old is she 
About 12 . She is a good girl 
I think so 
Would you be willing to meet the extra cost if we meet your additional requirements 
Well , if you can meet our deadline 
That shouldn't be a problem , as long as we can make ends meet 
I also hope your quality will meet our standard 
We never fail to meet our client's expectation 
Excellent . We will meet all your conditions if you can meet our demands 
I come home for lunch 
How long have you got 
Only 1 hour 
Okay , I'll make you some food 
Mom , will you tuck me in tonight 
Sure , honey . I'll read you a bed time story , too 
I hope I don't have any nightmares tonight 
Don't worry , you'll sleep well tonight 
Thanks for tucking me , Mom 
Why did you buy that painting 
I think it's beautiful . I want to hang it in the living room 
It looks like some kind of mistake 
That's the beauty of it — the imperfection 
Oh . Who is the artist 
Your daughter . She sold it at the school auction 
Oh ! How about we hang it over here where everyone can see it 
I guess you see the value in it , too 
Nowadays , ships and boats are no longer so important in transportation as they used to be 
True . With the extension of railways and highways , and the improvement of safety and capacity of airplanes , ships and boats have been giving place to trains , planes and automobiles 
I read in the newspapers that the passenger liners from Shanghai to Ningpo and Dalian have been out of business ; and the liners up and down the Yangtze River have been reduced by 70 % 
The pace of life of people is now getting faster and faster , so the speed of ships and boats seems to be so slow . I think it may be the reason why people don't like to travel by boat 
But the most of the transoceanic cargo transportation is still carried by boat 
Oh , my god . What happened ? Are we dying 
Don ’ t sweat it . We will land safely 
Is that a no-smoking sign 
Yes , it is . As you know , some of the materials we use are highly-flammable so we have a very strict non-smoking policy in the factory 
What does that sign mean 
It means there must be no naked flames or sparks anywhere near flammable materials . If the materials ignite , it could cause a serious fire and the fumes they give off can be very dangerous if you inhale them 
Lisa , would you like to go to the library with me 
OK . Do you think we can go buy a newspaper first 
Sure . First we'll go buy a newspaper and then we'll go to the library 
Are we going to walk or drive 
The weather is really nice today . Let's walk 
The weather is good now , but I think it's suppose to rain this afternoon 
Alright , then let's take an umbrella . Is your brother coming with us 
No , he's still sleeping 
Wow , it's already 10:00 AM . He must have been up late last night 
Yeah , he didn't come home until 12:00 AM 
I hope he can come later 
I hope so too . I'll give him a call when we get there 
How do we get to the library from here 
It's straight down this road on the left , next to the museum . It takes about 10 minutes 
I'm looking for the produce section , please 
All of the produce is in aisle A 
Are bananas on sale today 
Here you go . Look in this flyer , or check with the produce person 
Every country should face the history 
Yeah , we don ’ t live in the vacuum . We have traditional values and long but different history 
Sometimes , we , human beings , really had done something wrong , so we should admit it at first 
But there is always somebody who wants to turn his back on the true history 
I believe such things won ’ t be realized , just daydreaming 
Hi . Today , I am the interviewer for your visa application 
OK . Here is my application form and all the documents 
Can you tell me why do you want a visa to America 
Because I want to have a view of the exotic landscapes to extend my views and understanding of the world 
OK . Do you plan to go to America all by yourself or with your family 
Myself 
Have you finished all you preparation 
Yes . Everything is ready 
You look fresh recently.How do you make it 
I attend an aerobic class three times a week 
Aren't you tired 
No , I feel young , fresh and energetic 
May I bring you a salad 
Oh , yes.What do you recommend today 
Rose-petal salad 
OK , I'll have it for change 
Well , what a nice day 
Yeah , the air is really fresh 
But it was not at all so fine yesterday 
Because it rained last night 
Did it 
It sure did . It was a heavy storm , with lots of thunder 
I was fast asleep , and didn't hear a thing 
Well , it may rain again later today 
Maybe . I see some dark clouds moving in 
There may also be a strong wind coming in 
It'll be dusty , too , I guess 
Maybe not . Dust is no longer a big problem in Beijing 
Why is that 
We've been planting trees for many years 
I see . The fall in Beijing is really beautiful 
But the summer isn't . It's scorching in the summer 
Then what about spring 
Spring is warm and short in Beijing 
It must be cold in the winter , though 
You got it . Oh , by the way , it may be really cool in the evening around this time of the year . Don't forget to put on more clothes , or you might catch a cold 
Thanks for reminding me 
You're welcome 
What seems to the trouble Mr Brown 
I ’ m in pretty bad shape , Doctor Ford 
Oh , In what way 
No appetite , always unaged and I can ’ t sleep well 
Did you lose any weight 
YES . I ’ Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month 
when was the last time you have track up 
About two month ago 
Let me take your blood pressure . You look anilic . Well , Mr.Brown . I ’ m happy to say it ’ s nothing serious . You just a little run down from overwork 
What am I suppose to do 
I think you ’ ll needs just vacation . Try to get out doors more . I ’ ll be sure if you get more rest 
Thank you , doctor . I ’ ll do what you say 
Reservation , may I help you 
Yes , I would like to make a reservation for May 3rd 
For how many people 
Only one 
May I have your name 
John 
I am going on a business trip to Guangzhou next Monday morning 
To visit our supplier 
Yes , as the New Year is coming , they ’ re organizing a party for all their customers 
Well , I guess you will meet many people in this field . So don ’ t forget to pack enough business cards in your suitcase 
Sure 
By the way , do you know that our company just made some changes in the business trip policy 
No , no one has informed me of that so far , tell me 
Ok , there is no cash advance anymore for short trips . You have to pay out of your own pocket , so save all the receipts from your business trip . And then attach them to your expense account . When you get back , our company will reimburse everything 
I see . What about the maximum purdy and rate , any change 
I am not sure . You can check with the finance department 
I will call them this afternoon , thanks 
You ’ re welcome . Have a nice trip 
Excuse me , ma'am , can I help you find anything 
Yes , I would like to buy a pair of dress shoes 
What size do you wear 
Ten and a half 
How about this pair 
No , I don't like black . What have you got in brown 
How about these 
Oh , Lord , no . Those are ugly . What else do you have 
Well , there's this pair 
Hmm , they're not too bad 
Well , what did you think about the last candidate ? Do you think we should hire her 
She had a very impressive resume , but she seemed to lack the confidence that I think a good manager needs 
What made you think that she wasn't very confident 
Did you notice the way that she avoided making eye contact with us while she talked 
She was a bit nervous , I guess . What else 
When she first walked into the room to greet us , she didn't shake our hands or introduce herself at all . I thought that was a bit unprofessional 
you're right . If she walked into meetings with our clients like that , it would make our company look bad , wouldn't it 
It sure would . Did you also notice the way she slouched in her chair during most of the interview ? She had horrible posture 
I agree . I guess I was paying more attention to her answers than her body language 
On top fo all of that , she didn't seem to have any sense about people's personal space . she didn't keep enough distance between us when during the meeting 
That's true . I guess we'll have to keep looking for a manager then 
Don't worry , we'll find someone eventually 
Hey Susan , what are you coming as this year 
Coming as 
Yeah ... for Halloween ! We have a big office party tomorrow evening . There's a prize for best costume 
Um ... I have to confess , I haven't given it much thought . I'm from China and Halloween really isn't celebrated there 
Really ! You don't have some kind of Chinese ghost festival 
Oh ... Sure . We have an entire month ! In traditional Chinese culture , Ghost Month is a period when the door between this world and beyond opens up and ghosts come back to earth for a visit 
Cool ! A whole month ! What do you do during that month 
Well , people sometimes set off firecrackers , some people burn paper money as an offering and many people go to a temple to burn incense.Mainly though , you need to feed the ghosts because they're hungry 
Feed them 
Yeah ... we set up tables with food , fruit and drinks and offer that to the hungry ghosts 
And then later everyone eats the food 
Yes ! How did you guess that 
It makes sense , right ? Who else is going to eat it 
Good Point 
But no dressing up like ghosts , right 
No ! So ... is Halloween essentially the same thing as ghost month 
Would you find any other available flight to Tokyo 
Sure . We try our best 
Thank you 
Mr.Chen , are you sure you're taking BA - 007 back to Tokyo 
Yes , of course . I think our travel agent would have made the reservation for us 
I'm afraid this flight is all booked up 
Are you sure ? We can't really take it ? I reconfirmed with Miss Peterson the other day 
I'm afraid so except we have many no-show passengers 
I've come to hear about your offer 
We have the offer ready for you . Let me check . 10 boxes with 50 brooches per box , at 20,000 yuan ; 20 boxes with 50 waistbands per box , at 30,000 yuan ; 15 boxes with other ornaments per box , at 7 , 500 yuan , for shipment in June . The offer is valid for five days 
I can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected 
You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where 
I am afraid I can't agree with you there . I must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies 
But you must take the design and quality into consideration . You know we are superior to others in design and quality . We have various styles , which the other companies cannot catch up with 
I agree that yours are of the top 
Well , since your order is large enough , can you give me a rough idea 
To have this business concluded , I should say a reduction of least 10 % would help 
Impossible . How about 5 % off 
Right . A reduction of 5 % is acceptable 
There is too much traffic in Taipei these days , I think cars should be banned 
I'm not sure about that . How would people get to work 
Well , why not use buses or the MET 
Well , it may not be that simple . Not everyone likes public transport 
Why not ? There is nothing wrong with our buses and trains 
Well , I don't often use them , I wouldn't really know 
I need to get internet 
Which kind of internet connection do you want to get 
What kind can I get 
There is dial-up or DEL 
Which one do you feel is best 
I would get DEL if I were you 
DEL is better than dial-up 
It's the best choice ; plus , it won't tie up your phone line 
I'm not sure what that means 
Dial-up is connected through your phone , unlike DEL 
That'll make it impossible for me to use 
Exactly . With DEL you don't have that problem 
Oh , you can rest assured that they'll be no problem 
Why is that 
Your upstairs neighbors live in Canada and rarely come back to Taiwan . When they do , they're never home 
And the downstairs neighbors 
Two flight attendants that are also in and out of town . When they're here , they're usually sleeping . And next door to you is me . I'm a quiet neighbor 
Sounds ideal . We'll get back to you in a couple of days then 
They are a nice middle-aged couple , just like us 
If they are just like us , they are not middle-aged 
Of course they are 
Middle-aged means in the middle , Ethel , middle of life . People don't live to a hundred and fifty 
Oh , we are the part on the edge of middle . That's all 
Oh , you know , we are not middle-aged . You're old , and I'm aging 
Oh , fool ! You're nearly seventy and I'm in the low sixties . Would you like to spend the rest of the afternoon squabbling about this 
I can if you like 
Hey , how are you doing 
Could you do me a favor 
Sure , whatever you need 
Can you help me move this table 
I ’ m afraid we are really short staffed this week , Mr . Cranial . I ’ d like to accommodate you , but I just don ’ t think I ’ ll have the time 
Are you telling me you ’ re not going to meet with me 
Not at all , sir . I ’ d just like to push it up to next week . I ’ ll have a lot more free time at the beginning of next week 
Well , I don ’ t like it , but I guess I don ’ t have any choice 
Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think 
Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed 
Hmm ... let me look . Yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building 
That's great . That means I can bring my cat , Mr . Twinkles . Where is the apartment located 
It says it's located in the suburbs 
Oh that ’ s a lovely necklace 
Thank you . My husband gave it to me 
Oh I didn ’ t know you were married 
Yes I am . I got married five years ago 
Oh I see . That ’ s nice . Did you meet your husband at work 
No , we met at university 
What a nice day ! Why don't we go for an outing 
Sure.Where would you suggest 
How about going to the suburbs 
Sounds good 
How was Elvin 
Hey , look . My admirer has struck again 
Another note ? But how ? I didn't see anyone 
It's an e-mail . It says , We need to meet . I'll give you a sweet treat . It's not what you think 
Uh-oh . He's heating up . What are you going to do now 
You know what , I think I know who my admirer is 
You do ? Who 
This suit looks nice.Can I try it on 
Yes , of course.The dressing room is over there 
What kind of food do you like 
I like Chinese food 
But your American 
We have a lot of Chinese restaurants in America 
Jack , what are you doing 
I am reading 
I can see that . But why are you reading advertisements for houses for sale ? Are you buying a house 
No , not yet . But I like to see what is available 
Can I have a look as well 
Of course , have a seat 
Oh , this one looks really good . And look at the garden . So beautiful 
Yes , nice . But I prefer this wooden house with a garden fence and a sloping roof 
Yes , but my house has large windows and so gets lots of sun . And it has a small balcony at the top 
Well , you can't compare a small balcony to this large veranda . This is perfect for having a barbecue in summer 
Talking about a barbecue , didn't you say you are organizing one next week 
Yes , next Saturday . I hope you can make it 
Operator ! Operator 
Can I help you 
Yes , I was talking to a party . We were disconnected 
I'm sorry , sir . Just hold the line , please . Now the line is connected . Go ahead please 
Thank you 
Judy , have you ever made out how much money shall we spend 
Oh , yeah . The total amount is no less than 13,000 RIB , according to our itinerary 
What ? That's too much 
Sit down . I'll show you the list of our financial budget . First of all , it is nearly 4,000 RIB that we should spend in transportation 
Ah , the transportation fee always takes a great part in the budget 
Then we must pay a large amount of money for the hotel . But if we want to save money , we can choose a hotel which is not so good 
Hmm , what I'm fearful of is that the accommodation will also deteriorate once we choose a cheaper hotel 
In that case , we can choose the Youth Hotel . It's a good choice , clean and economic 
Miss Gray , would you please type this report for me 
Of course , Mr . Green 
Can you print it out before 12 o'clock ? I need it this afternoon 
No problem . I will do it immediately 
Please double space it and print it out on the laser printer so I can read it easily 
OK . Would you like this report done in a formal or informal style 
Please type it in a formal style 
I see . Anything else 
No , thanks 
I don't like this movie . It's a bomb 
Look , I've already paid for the tickets , so whether you like it or not we're going to finish watching it 
Well , give me the Walkman . I'll listen to the music then 
Come on . Give it a chance . The movie just started 
Do you mind if I borrow the notes from last week 
Were you here last week 
I was unable to make it 
How come 
I was sick that day , and couldn't make it 
Well , here are the notes 
Are there any more 
Sorry , here you go 
Thanks a lot 
No problem 
Vince , I think one of your programmers is spying on us for WebTracker 
Pardon 
I won't say who , because I'm not sure yet . But I'll know soon 
Zina , I hope you're not scheming to make Elvin look bad 
It isn't Elvin 
Dave then ? Dave is a spy for WebTracker ? You can't be serious 
Loan me that tape recorder you have . And don't say anything to anyone until I come back 
My eyes water continuously . Why 
Perhaps because of the dirty air 
What is there in the air 
Some poisonous gas 
I can't believe that the air in this city is so dirty 
Yes . I think I won't come here again next time 
So do I 
We waste a vacation 
Maybe you are right 
I can ’ t believe these skirts are so cheap 
I know and they are really nice , too 
I ’ ll have to get a couple in different colors 
Me , too 
Buy them now though , or they might not still be here tomorrow 
Good idea , especially at this price 
Dave , wake up 
Which ? Zina ? What time is it 
It's seven-thirty . I want to know who left this note on my desk 
What note ? I can't see . I just pulled an all-nighter 
It's a little green post-it note , stuck right in the middle of my computer screen 
And ? What does it say ? Isn't there a name 
It says , Zina , I like how you rhumba . An admirer 
did you know that abortion is still illegal in many states in the USA 
why ? I thought Americans were supposed to be more open than that 
well , for many religious people , they believe that people who abort their babies are murderers 
do you think most people in America believe that abortion is wrong 
no , I think it's mostly the older generation who are against abortions 
it's no wonder there are so many teenage pregnancies in America 
religious people blame it on pre-marital sex , not on abortion being illegal 
what do you think about abortion 
I personally would never want to have one , but I think that since a pregnancy can affect a woman's entire life , she should have the right to decide for herself 
do you think the fathers should have some kind of say in the matter 
I know this is going to sound sexist , but I don't think that men should have to give their approval to the mothers of their children 
why not ? It's their children , too 
that may be true , but when a woman gets pregnant , it changes her life completely . Men can still carry on with their lives after the birth exactly as they did beforehand 
that might be true , but I think men should have some kind of say in the matter 
Professor , could I make an appointment with you 
I am free tomorrow afternoon between two and four ; do you have a particular time in mind 
Two o'clock would be the best time 
Fine , do you know where my office is 
No , I'm not sure 
Remember , it is in the E building on the third floor 
I see 
Don't worry , it will work out fine once you get there . I'll see you then 
I'll see you then 
Looking forward to meeting with you 
Hello 
Hi , Jenny ! Jason here . It's great to hear your voice again 
Hi , Jason ! Long time no see . How's the hotel 
It's pretty nice , but I'm going to start looking for an apartment soon . Hotel living is not for me 
I know what you mean 
How about you ? When are you leaving for Berkeley 
I am leaving in two weeks 
So soon ! Well , I'd really like to see you again before you leave . Would you like to go out with me on Friday ? I'd like to take you to dinner and maybe a movie or something afterwards 
Oh , I am sorry , Jason . I've already got plans for Friday evening . How about Saturday 
Saturday is fine . I'll make dinner reservations for 7 o ’ clock . Is that ok 
7 is fine with me 
Great . I'll pick you up at six thirty 
I'll be waiting 
What a bother having to climb storeys home every day 
But it's also a sort of exercise and it's good to your health 
I don't care 
You're complaining again 
We would like you to stop by again so we can show you some more problems that have come up with our apartment 
I am kind of busy right now , but maybe later next week I could stop by 
We sent you an e-mail the first week we moved in ; it listed the problems we found 
What problems did you find 
The roof leaks when it rains , there is mold on the bedroom walls , and the dishwasher doesn ’ t work 
I don ’ t really consider any of that to be my responsibility . You can fix those things yourself 
Maintaining basic health and safety standards is your responsibility 
I am maintaining the building . You are way too picky 
Unfortunately , you won ’ t be getting a rent check unless these problems are fixed by Friday 
You wouldn ’ t dare do that 
Brooke , are you still mad ? Is your mom mad 
No ... mom said that we'll have the wedding at home on the 2nd . So let's hope your mom is right about that being a lucky day ..
It will be . And today is , too . I just talked to the airlines ..
They're going to give us back the seats 
No , they're giving us discount tickets on a honeymoon package in ..
Hawaii ? My dream honeymoon destination 
You got it ! We'll fly there directly from Texas 
Oh , Jack ! That's wonderful 
Where to , ma'am 
The Grand Hotel 
The Grand Hotel 
Yes.Do you know where it is 
No , Madam . I don't think I do 
It's the 11th Avenue , Park Street 
Oh , yes . I know where it is 
Well , what about it ? As it happens I've got two tickets for next thursday evening . I thought perhaps 
Well , thanks all the same , Denise . But no I don't think.Sorry , I'm sure you would enjoy it . I'd like to Denise , but I'm busy on friday this week and next week too 
But I said thursday.The tickets are for thursday evening 
Thursday ? Oh , sorry . I meant thursday too . I mean I busy then too 
I see.Oh , well some other time perhaps 
Yes . some other time perhaps.Thanks again 
This is a nice set of wheels . How much did the dealer charge you for this 
A lot . I probably got to moonlight for the rest of my life , but so what , it ’ s worth it . Come on , get in . Let ’ s take a drive 
Okay then , let ’ s go fast ! Whoa ! This thing can really accelerate fast 
Check out what happens when I put on the brakes suddenly . It can stop quickly 
Hey , just watch out for cops or you ’ re gonna end up in the slammer . You know you tend to go fast 
Yes , I know it . I went through my last set of tires fast . I even had three flat tires in two weeks 
Now watch ... some guys probably run a light and hit your car 
Cut out , would you 
How do you do ? I need your help in selecting a foreign market to invest 
Fine . I have your letter and I've made some notes 
How can I find out what countries to invest 
We have quite a lot of import and export information and can give you figures on population , consumption , production , and foreign exchange reserves 
Great . I want to get an idea for the purchasing ability in various countries 
But you're also going to have to give some attention to trade restrictions . You can get much information about environment of investment 
There are thousands of magazines published in the world to meet the needs of different readers . But only a few of them are influential world-wide 
You have hit the point . It's really hard for a magazine to be well known to people of various ages and educational backgrounds 
But I think Digest is supposed to be the top one . Its subscribers or buyers are from all social classes , perhaps , a majority of them from the educated group . It's quite strange that the readers love it after reading it 
To my mind , the success of Digest is in the clever selection of its articles in each issue 
Welcome to Youth Travel Agency . Is there anything I can do for you 
We'd like to look around the town . Can you tell me the best sightseeing route to take 
Why not come here and have a look at the guidebook 
I think this route is quite interesting . How long does the tour last 
Let me see . It's a one day tour 
Let's see now . Cut the potatoes into small cubes 
Yes , but don't cut them yet . Wait until they cool . Where is the big plastic bowl 
On the bottom shelf in the cupboard under the sink 
What's Donna like , by the way 
Donna ? Well . She is about 20 . She is very lovely and I think you will like her . What about Paul 
Oh , Paul is very easy-going and friendly 
Could you get me the pepper from the cupboard 
Yes , sure . Which cupboard is it in 
It's in the small one beside the cooker 
There is no pepper here 
Oh , there Isn't ? Oh , no 
Is there anything I can do for you 
I want a chemise 
You have really good taste . It's the best seller right now 
Could I try it on 
Sure 
Well . It's not my taste . Would you please bring me a short sleeve 
Hello , I'd like to reserve a hotel room 
That should be no problem . May I have your full name , please 
My name is John Sandals 
Hello , Mr . Sandals . My name is Michelle . What days do you need that reservation , sir 
I'm planning to visit New York from Friday , April 14 until Monday , April 17 
Our room rates recently went up . Is that okay with you , Mr . Sandals 
How much per night are we talking about 
Each night will be $ 308 
That price is perfectly acceptable 
Wonderful ! Do you prefer a smoking or nonsmoking room 
Nonsmoking , please 
Next question , Is a queen-size bed okay 
That sounds fine 
Okay , Mr . Sandals . Your reservation is in our computer . All we need now is a phone number 
Certainly . My phone number is 626-555-1739 
Thank you , Mr . Sandals . We look forward to seeing you in New York 
Good morning , May . Good girl , you are reading English books again 
Good morning . There is no reason to miss so beautiful a morning . Is that a new bird 
Oh , yes , my daughter bought it yesterday . We call her Lulu 
It looks so cute . Is it a parrot 
Yes . Just look at her colorful feathers . What else can it be 
I see . It's interesting that there is also a parrot in my English book . His mane is Polly 
Really ? A foreign parrot 
He can speak English , too 
Maybe you can teach Lulu some English words 
Lulu . Lulu . Say hello . hello . Oh , she is so smart . Good bird 
How was the party 
I had a fantastic time 
Excuse me , driver . Does this bus go to the museum 
Yes , you get off at the square 
How long is the ride 
Well , you will get there in about half an hour if the traffic isn't too heavy 
Thank you.How much is the fare 
Drop 50 cents in the box , please 
Would you please let me know when we get to the stop ? I am a stranger here 
Sure . I will 
Hi , John , how was your vacation 
Awesome , we went to Australia and New Zealand 
That must have been wonderful . Do anything interesting 
Well , we went bungee jumping when we were in Australia 
Wow ! Isn ’ t that dangerous 
A little , but the rush was worth it 
Tell me about it 
We jumped off a bridge and fell 500 feet before the bungee cord caught us 
500 feet ! I would never be able to do that 
Yeah , It was scary , but exhilarating 
Can I help you 
How much is it ? Eight films and a bar of chocolate 
That's $ 38 , sir 
Can you accept a check 
Sorry sir.We can't . Cash only 
Here's two twenties.Keep the change 
Thank you.Have a nice day 
What do you consider to be your strong points 
I think I ’ m tough not only physically but mentally 
Why do you say that 
I have been playing football since high school . At present , I ’ m a member of a community football club 
Really ? Are you still playing 
Yes . I practice every weekend with my teammates 
I see . You must be tough 
I never get tired . I think this comes from practicing football 
What do you consider to be your weak points 
Frankly speaking , I ’ m a typical Chinese workaholic . I don ’ t mind working late at night . Due to that , I tend to leave the office late 
What kind of people are you reluctant to work with 
So far I haven ’ t met any particular kind . However , I may rule out those who prefer chatting to working 
Do you prefer to work alone or as part of a team 
It depends on the type of work . Usually I prefer to work alone , because I ’ m self-motivated . But I can work either way . If necessary , I don ’ t hesitate to join the team 
what can I do for you , sir 
What do we get this morning 
Fruit juice , cake and refreshments and everything 
I ’ d like to a glass of tomato juice please 
Any serial , sir 
Yes . A dish of cornmeal weight 
And eggs 
Yes . Baked eggs and buttered toast . I like my baker very crazy 
How do you want to your eggs 
Fried , please 
Anything more , sir 
No , that ’ s enough , thank you 
It ’ s a wonderful party , Joan , The food , the drink , the atmosphere ... Everyone is enjoying himself 
Thanks to your help.To our friendship 
Bottoms up ! By the way what kind of entertainment are we gonna have 
Dancing . The boys from the Campus Band have promised to play music for us 
Oh , how wonderful ! Every girl on the campus has a crush on those handsome guys 
I'll surely make introductions for them 
There's a typhoon coming 
Is that right 
That's what the weatherman said last night 
I'm sleepy . I can hardly keep my eyes open 
Why don't you go to bed 
I think I will 
Excuse me , this is my first time on a plane . How do I check in 
May I see your ticket , please 
Yes . Here you are 
You can get a boarding pass at that counter . Do you have anything to check in 
No , I only have a handbag 
Then you could wait in the departure area after going through security 
Is that all 
Yeah , I think so . It is very simple 
I see . Thank you very much 
Do you have your own circle of friends 
Yes . I have friends even though I am a man of few words . Just like the old saying goes , " Actions speak louder than words " . I am a hard-working silent person 
What you said was right , but we need to work as a team , how could you make adjustment to that 
Teamwork is ok to me , and I hope the team will be complementary in personality 
OK , I got it 
Could you show me some scarves 
What kind of scarf shall I show you ? We have them in all sorts and sizes 
Show me some of the latest fashion , please 
At your service . Will this suit you 
Yes , it will ; this must be the foreign produce 
This is Chinese made 
Let me try it on . I think it really suits me . Can you give me some discount on it 
Yes , it ’ s already fifty yuan off the original price 
But that still sounds expensive 
Sorry , we can ’ t come down any more 
Hello . I need to reserve a room 
Not a problem . May I have your name , please 
Of course . I'm John Sandals 
Hi , sir . My name is Michelle . Could you tell me when you need the room 
Right now . I plan to be there in April from the 14th to the 17th 
Perhaps you didn't know that we have new room rates . Do you find that acceptable , sir 
Maybe . How much is a room 
The price per night is $ 308 
That sounds fine to me 
Fantastic ! Would you like a smoking or nonsmoking room 
I hate cigarettes ! Nonsmoking 
That'll be nonsmoking . Now , do you approve of a single queen-size bed 
That'll be no problem 
I'm happy to hear that , sir . Your reservation is all set except for your phone number 
Sure ! My number is 626-555-1739 
626-555-1739 . Thank you for doing business with us , Mr . Sandals 
You mustn't touch the wet paint , Bill 
I'm sorry . I won't do it again 
Try to be more careful in future . Look ! you've damaged the sign 
Is this the sign ? What does it says 
It says No smoking here 
Is there anything I can do for you 
Yes . I am looking for a pair of gloves 
What about this one ? It's the latest 
Excuse me , but I want a pair of mittens 
I am sorry , it's out of stock right now 
Whip me if I get below 80 marks out of 100 
Take it easy , Jim . Your mother didn't mean it ! Need any help 
Yes . Can you help me remember how to spell ' beautiful ' 
Oh , they all went out ! Did you make a wish 
Yes , but I doubt if I get it . I've never got it 
Better luck this time 
May I ask what the name is the girl 
Which one 
The tallest one 
She is Miao Li . She's come here to see her brother 
Oh , it's so . She looks very lovely . Could you give me some else information on her 
OK . She's a costume designer and works in a garment mill 
How do you think about her 
She looks very beautiful . She is a nice girl 
I'm wondering if she has boyfriend 
No , she hasn't 
Great ! Thank you very much 
You're going to Shanghai tomorrow , are you 
That's right . Do you think it'll be cold 
It might be . You'd better take a heavy sweater with you.The nights are usually quite cold at this time of year 
Do you think I'll need a cotton coat 
Not for now , I think , But I believe there'll be rain , so take your raincoat with you 
Egg , this bathroom is a pigsty 
Helen , why do you keep flushing the toilet ? What's wrong 
I just can't stand it . It's really gross in here ! There ' s a stain on the toilet seat , and the floor was wet and slippery . So I cleaned it 
You did what ? Helen , I know it's gross , but I ' Ve seen many public washrooms that are much worse . Why are you cleaning the counter top ? are you out of your mind 
I can't help myself ; it's just so disgusting in here 
Helen , this is not like your own bathroom . Just leave it to the cleaners , okay 
Hang on . I'm just gonna quickly wipe the sink and sweep the floor 
You're such a neat freak ! I'm outta here 
Is the Chinese team taking the lead 
No , it's the Japanese team 
Japanese teams always play a dark horse 
Well , their team work is well worth learning 
Hi , Janice . Our first weekend after being employed is coming . Show me your plan 
My mom phoned me this morning , and asked me to go back home to have housework chores 
What are you assigned to do 
God knows . Speaking of chores , I would rather do some washing than cooking 
For me , I think I will iron my shirt and trousers . Actually , weekends tend to be the most hectic day in the whole week 
I really hope that I could sleep like a log all through two nights . But ... Some one said that weekends are a bit like rainbows ; they look good from a distance but disappear before we get up close to them 
I couldn't agree more 
Do you have any habits such as smoking 
No , I rarely smoke . I don't drink , either . I only drink with my family on celebrations or with close friends 
What kind of winter sport do you like best 
My favorite winter sport is skiing . In addition , I am keen on basketball 
What do you like doing in your spare time 
I like doing aerobics in my spare time . It's good for my health 
Do you have any hobbies 
Yes , I have . I collect stamps , Chinese stamps as well as those from other countries 
Is there anything I can do for you 
Yes , I'd like to buy a color TV 
We carry products from three large manufacturers and some imported ones , too . Do you have a specific model in mind 
No . Which one do you recommend 
This one from Sony gives a very sharp picture 
Thank you , but I'd prefer to buy a China-made set 
Which brand do you prefer 
Sky worth 
OK . Come with me , please 
Tim's always bothering me 
Just tell him off 
It's a beautiful day , isn't it 
Yes , isn't it 
Do you now the temperature today 
It's beautiful 75 degrees 
How nice . I hope the weather will stay like this for the whole week . I'm going on the canoe trip this weekend 
Not a good plan . The TV weather forecast says the hurricane is coming this weekend , and the temperature will also drop to 66 degrees 
What a nuisance ! Every time I plan to go canoeing or camping , a storm comes along . The sky gets dark , the wind starts to howl and the temperature drops.Well , I'd better stay home 
I never make any definite weekend plan until Friday morning . Then after listening to the weather temperature , I make my plans 
That's smart . I'm going to start doing the same thing 
You ’ re all set to leave 
I can ’ t believe it 
What are your plans 
I plan on going back to school 
What will your major be 
I ’ m not sure yet , but I plan to do good things 
You don ’ t have plans to end up back here , do you 
I have no plans on being back 
You don ’ t belong here 
That ’ s true 
Good luck with your life 
I ’ m going to be fine 
Hi , Kerry . Did your husband make cooking for you 
Oh , please do not mention it any more . Last night he did it for the first time 
Really ? Was it delicious 
Forget it ! It was a bitter pill for me to swallow 
It was the first time . You should not be so particular 
Ha-ha . Last night , I only told him practice makes perfect 
It ’ s true . Nowadays , men are spending more and more time in the kitchen 
Yeah , it will become a wider trend 
Excuse me . Could you tell me where the post office is 
Sure . If you get on this road and turn left at the second intersection , you'll see it on your right-hand side 
Thank you so much for your assistance 
You are welcome 
I think it is easier to buy a car than to maintain it . What ’ s worse , I just don ’ t trust those vehicle maintenance shops . Sometimes , they overcharge or don ’ t build those parts I have been paying for . Last week , they even tried to persuade me to buy new parts which really need not to be changed . You know , my car is just half a year old and also good brand . I was just wondering about all these 
There are such shops living on selling parts . I don ’ t like their service either . All they want is your money . But in the long run , they will be losing costumers . Anyway , car service business is new in China . We all have to control what they are doing . Otherwise , they will not improve 
Is it possible to make a compliant call to some organization what it ’ s someone gets rip-off 
Yes , there is . Those organizations exist . You always can call a lawyer if you need legal help 
Why aren ’ t they are aware of the gravity of the situation 
Because they are rednecks 
Can you help me set up my voicemail message ? I just got this service and I am not really sure what I am supposed to say 
Sure ! You just basically gotta let the caller know who they called , and ask them for their contact information so you can call them back 
Ok , so can I say , " This is Abby's voicemail . I will call you later , so leave me your name and number " 
That's more or less the idea , but try something that sounds more friendly 
Ok , so how about this , " This is Abby and I am really happy you called ! I promise I will give you a ring as soon as I can , so please leave me your name and number . Talk to you soon ! " 
A little too friendly Abby . Just say this , " Hi , you have reached Abby . I am unable to answer your call right now , but if you leave me your name and phone number , I will get back to you as soon as possible . Thanks " 
That's perfect ! Can you say that again and record it for me 
Oh , dear ! which dress should I choose ? I can't make up my mind . Please help me 
You know I don't know anything about fashion 
Which dress do you like best 
Well , they are both all right 
Only all right 
Oh , no . I mean you look very nice in both of them 
Mike , that's no help to me at all . I can't wear both of them at the same time . I want a decision 
But after all , it is your decision , not mine 
Oh , yes . The green dress is very smart . but I can't be sure if it goes with a hat 
I'm going to Ireland this summer 
Are you going to take your children along 
No , I'd like to go alone 
Have a nice holiday 
Jane , pleases come with us 
I cannot dance , you know . I have't such a talent 
Just for fun , not for showing . What do you worry about 
Nothing . I have told you before that I won't go to the party and that's flat 
But ... OK 
You have always got your nose in the air , which hurts many boys ’ hearts 
I am afraid not . I have no interest in them at all 
Is this the right counter to check in for this flight 
Can I have a look at your ticket 
Here you are . I have just come from downtown 
I am sorry.sir.Your plane has just taken off 
Really ? What can I do now ? I can't miss the important meeting 
I am so sorry to hear that . Maybe you should go to the information counter over there . They can give you some advice 
Your English has really improved in the two months you've been here , too 
Do you have to work late at the computer company again tonight 
No , I'm going to leave the office early today . My annual medical check-up is this afternoon 
How much longer will Mr . Schmidt be up in the mountains 
He's on a weeklong meditation retreat and won't be back until this weekend 
Ahem ... uh , sir , I beg your pardon ... Uh , mister , are you waiting to buy a ticket for the movie 
What's it look like , lady ? This is the ticket line I'm standing in , isn't it 
Well , yes , it is , but ..
So , what's your beef anyway , lady 
You just cut into line , in front of me and everyone else , that's what ! Go take your place back at the end of the line , like every - one else 
Oh sure , lady , and fat chance I'd get a ticket before they're sold out . I'm staying right here , understand ? So be a nice lady and butt out 
Just what gives you the right ... 
Because I'm no sucker ; only suckers go to the end of the line . It's as simple as that , lady 
Well , you're no gentleman , either 
Okay , lady , just to show what a gentleman I really am , I'll let you go in front of me . Now , just buy your ticket and shut your trap , will you , lady 
Whew ! I got the last one . This must be my lucky day 
What was that you just said ? Last one ... ? Hey , they've closed the ticket window 
Yes , I'm afraid I bought the last ticket , and to think , if you hadn't been such a gentleman . . 
Lady ! This is unfair ! I've been cheated ! I was in line before you.That should have been my ticket ! Come on , hand it over , lady 
Gentleman ! Hah ! Fat chance ! Hah ! Eat your heart out , sucker ! Hah 
Do you have a package tour to Hollywood 
Yes , here is the table , which plans do you like best 
The seven-days trip shall be fine . How much is this tour 
$ 300 
We will take the trip . Could you give us a pamphlet 
Here you are 
I'm so excited ! We have two weeks off ! What are you going to do 
I'm not sure . I guess I'll just stay at home . Maybe I'll catch up on my reading . What about you ? Any plans 
Well , my parents have rented a condominium in Florida . I'm going to take long walks along the beach every day and do lots of swimming 
Sounds great 
Say , why don't you come with us ? We have plenty of room 
Do you mean it ? I'd love to 
Can you tell me the results of my home inspection 
Before I answer that , I want to make sure that you know what I was looking for . Are you clear on what I was looking for 
I never had a home inspection before 
I inspect the home for problems that might not be all that apparent in a quick walk-through 
I asked the owners , and they said that everything was great with the house 
The owners might not be aware of everything wrong with the house . Some things are hidden , but might still be a problem for you in the future 
I heard that the owners must fix all of the problems before the escrow closes 
I inform you of the problems . If there are major problems , you can decline to buy the house or they may wish to fix any problems 
What kinds of things did you discover in my home inspection 
I found some fairly major problems . A major support beam in the roof is broken , and the shower floor leaked and rotted out the second-floor joist 
Good evening , welcome to Rainbow Restaurant . May I take your coat , please 
Yes , thank you so much 
Have you booked already 
Yes , my table is for 7 and it's near the window 
OK , sir . I will show you your table 
Excuse me , can you tell me the way to the Forbidden City , please 
Sure . Go straight on down this road , take the second left and then the first right . It ’ s next to Tiananmen Square 
Thanks 
Don ’ t mention it 
How do you like the play 
It is very dull , and the production isn't very satisfactory , either 
You're absolutely right . I think the acting could be better 
To be fair , both the costumes and scenery are marvelous 
Maybe you're right . But I really don't like it 
Well , we'd better go to a musical comedy next time . I think the one we saw last month was very good 
Yes , they had constant changes of scene , and I love variety 
Me , too . I hate to sit there and look at the same stage scenery one scene after another 
Good afternoon , what can I do for you 
I want to draw some money from my current account 
How much do you want to draw 
Well , I want to draw out 4,000 yuan 
OK ! Do you take your bank card or bankbook with you 
Yes ! Here is my bankbook 
OK . Please fill out this form first 
Yes . Do I need to sign my name here 
Sure . How do you want it 
Well , I want 1,000 yuan in traveler's checks and the rest in cash 
All right . Here are the traveler's checks and money 
Thanks a lot 
Not at all 
Do I have to write the invitation cards 
No , you don ’ t have to . But I think you ought to 
Oh , well . If I must , I must 
I hear that you've got a chance to go to Europe for a half-year training program . Is it true 
Yes , I'm leaving on the 14th of next month 
Congratulations ! How can you get such a good opportunity to be trained overseas 
Actually , it is a policy in my company . The human resources management department has connections overseas this year , so we can receive training there 
How nice ! But will you have to pay for the training 
No . The company pays for everything . Doesn't this sound very attractive ? This is why our company can always get the best employees 
I ’ ll show you around and explain the operation as we go along 
That ’ ll be most helpful 
That is our office block . We have all the administrative depart - ments there . Down there is the research and development section 
How much do you spend on development every year 
About 3-4 % of the gross sales 
What ’ s that building opposite us 
That ’ s the warehouse . We keep a stock of the faster moving items so that urgent orders can be met quickly from stock 
If I placed an order now , how long would it be before I got delivery 
It would largely depend on the size of the order and the items you want 
Hey , Frank . I heard you got a new job 
Yeah , Judy . I will be working for the Post Office . It ’ s not a bad job 
Is it true that you have a heavy work schedule 
That ’ s right . I report to work at 5am everyday , and I only get 45 minutes for lunch 
So , why did you apply for such a demanding job 
Well , the government offers its employees excellent health insurance benefits 
Oh , I see . And can your family utilize 5 the health insurance , too 
Yeah , that ’ s the best part . All of my children can get free medical care 
That ’ s a great employment benefit 
Now you know why I wanted to work for the Post Office 
I really need a new pair of trousers 
Do you 
Yes , I do . This one is very old now 
They look all right to me 
They ’ re not all right . They ’ re uncomfortable and they look terrible 
All right . All right 
So Kevin , what is your type 
I like girls who like to have fun , and aren't too serious 
I agree . I like guys that can make me laugh 
That's true . Having a very serious boyfriend or girlfriend can be boring 
Thank you very much for telling me all these things about the college 
Don't mention it 
It's my greatest pleasure to have met you.See you around 
See you 
Here's the dress you wanted to be made 
Oh , dear 
What's the matter 
It's not what I asked for 
What's wrong with it 
It's not the right material . Or the right color . I can't possibly accept it 
This is a pity 
For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party 
That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library 
I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas 
That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there 
Perfect . It will be open to the public and we anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people 
Will it be an all day event 
Yes . And we checked with the city and we have permission to use the park adjacent to the library 
That was quick thinking 
I'd like to have the film developed 
For color prints 
Yes . When can I get it back ? I can't wait to see the photos 
About three days 
Fine , I'd like two enlargements from this negative 
Here's your receipt 
Would you like to take a look at the menu , sir 
Yes . Thank you 
Would you care for a drink before you order 
A glass of Qingdao beer 
Yes , sir . I'll bring it over . Have you decided what you'd like , sir 
Will you make some recommendation 
How about your interview 
They turned me down 
Why ? You are so excellent 
I think the only reason is that I was too nervous during the interview and I couldn't express myself the way I wanted to 
What a shame ! You should have showed yourself to them 
It doesn't matter . I'll try other companies 
I suggest you hunt for a job on the Internet 
On the Internet ? I've never heard of it 
It's very convenient and it has become popular recently 
Is that safe 
Of course , if you log on some standard websites 
Thank you for your advice . I'll have a try 
Hello . I want to reconfirm our flight to London 
Yes , sir . Did you call the airline 
Yes , I did . But I couldn't communicate with them in English.They speak only Spanish.So I need your help 
Certainly , sir . What is the flight number and when are you leaving 
We are taking IB 385 to London tomorrow at 1 p . m 
Oh , I see , sir . We have the airline office inside the hotel . They have an English-speaking staff . Just dial 35 , please 
I would like to exchange this dress 
You can exchange this dress with anything of the same value 
Is there anything on sale today 
I'm sorry . There are no sales today 
Are dresses going to be on sale 
Everything's going to be on sale next weekend 
That's great . I'll wait . See you next weekend 
Okay . I'll see you then 
I'm looking forward to summer vacation 
Me too 
Hi ! Fiona ? I almost didn't recognize you . You are much thinner since I last saw you 
Yes . I have lost about ten kilos 
How did you do it 
I am on a diet . And I do more exercise regularly 
What's the secret then 
It lies in perseverance 
Well . It's hard for me . I can't keep doing exercise 
You should have a try 
Julia , Julia , Julia . My daring Julia , what's wrong with you 
Steven , are you talking to me 
Yes , I have called you three times . What makes you in a daze 
I was thinking about the accident I saw in the morning . I was petrified when two cars collided . I witnessed the traffic accident 
Did someone get hurt 
A driver died instantly . The other one was badly hurt . A poor boy called Peter was killed in the accident too 
What a terrible accident ! Who should be responsible for this traffic accident 
I think both . They drove too fast . What's worse , one of them was drunk 
Why do some guys like to drive so fast when they are drunk 
I don ’ t understand . Maybe they feel they are okay and driving fast seems very cool 
Were you born in the U . S . , Melissa 
No , I wasn't . I came here in 1992 
How old were you 
I was seventeen 
So , did you go to college right away 
No , because my English wasn't very good . I studied English for two years first 
Wow , your English is really fluent now 
Thanks . Your English is pretty good , too 
Yeah , but I was born here ! 
Hi ! I see you are having fun with your new computer and internet connection 
There ’ s so much I want to do . I ’ Ve just finished sending lots of emails to friends and family all over the world . I just ran a search for music to download 
I can give you the name of a few useful website to visit 
Thanks . That would be very helpful . I ’ Ve discovered that it can take a long time to find exactly what you want . There ’ s too much information on the net 
When you sent your emails , did you attach any files to them 
Yes , I did . There ’ s an anti-virus program with my email account that scans all attachments , so I ’ m sure I haven ’ t sent anything nasty to anyone 
When you use the internet , be careful not to give out your email address very often . If you do , you might get a lot of spam-unwanted email from companies trying to sell you things 
That ’ s good advice . I should also be careful about giving out confidential information about myself , such as my password and credit car number 
That ’ s right . Another thing to remember when you are surfing is that you can add a web page to your list of favourites . Your computer will remember the page and you can return there quickly next time you want to visit 
How do I do that 
Take this web page for example . Press the keys “ control ” and “ d ” together . Click on “ favourites ” at the top of the screen . There you are . It has been added to you favourites list . If you click it , you will automatically go to that web page again 
That ’ s useful to know . Thanks . I ’ ll just log off and shout down my computer and we can go for a coffee 
I ’ m so excited about Chinese New Year ! When do I get to visit Grandma ? Grandma makes the best dumplings in the world 
Ha ha , right . Sounds to me like you ’ re more excited about the dumplings than seeing your Grandma 
Of course I miss Grandma , too . I bet she ’ s gonna teach me how to play Mahjong ! Hey , Dad , are you going to buy me firecrackers this year ? We ’ re going to have the best fireworks ! I ’ m really looking forward to lighting them 
Son , firecrackers aren ’ t toys.they ’ re dangerous 
No , fireworks are awesome 
Whoa , don ’ t you remember ? Last year when I set off the firecrackers , you covered both your ears and hid behind your mother 
I was scared because ... because I saw a bug . That ’ s all 
Ahahah ... really 
Oh , and I can ’ t wait to watch the dragon dance ! Dad , can I sit on your shoulders this time 
Hey , I offered last year ..
Well , I ... anyways , I was just thinking of the red envelopes . I wanna make a list of all the things I ’ m gonna buy with my red envelope money ! I can ’ t wait ! I ’ m gonna have so much money ! Mom , can I get a pen and a piece of paper ? I want a new transformer , no , two transformers ... the Optimums Prime , and ... maybe the wheeljack ? I ’ ll get a PSP game , ahahah , and I ’ ll buy the entire class lunch at MacDonald ’ s ..
What may I do for you 
I need to get a passport 
You will need to apply for one 
When will I be able to do that 
You can do it right now , if you ’ d like 
That ’ s fine 
Please fill out this application 
Then what do I do 
I just need to take your picture 
How long will it take for my passport to be ready 
You will get it in a few weeks 
That ’ s perfect 
Welcome . How can we be of service today 
Hello . My aunt in the US has sent me $ 500 . She sent it yesterday , using the standard service . It's my birthday today , you see 
Well , happy birthday . If it was sent yesterday using the usual service , it should be here already . You do have an account with us , right 
Yes . Here's my card . Do you need my ID 
Please . Just to double check all the details 
There you go 
Hello , miss . Check out please 
OK , may I have your key 
Sure , here you are 
Was everything satisfactory 
Yes . I enjoy my stay here 
You have stayed here for 3 nights , that's $ 230 
Here is the money 
Excuse me . May I see that laptop for a moment 
Sure . You mean this one 
No , the one on the left . Yes , that ′ s the one . ... Thank you 
It ′ s a state-of-the-art piece of equipment , sir . With a gigantic 16.1 USGA TFT screen , 2.8 Ghz mobile processor , generous 512 MB RAM , removable 80 GB hard drive , convenient CD-RW / DVD combo drive , stunning fast graphics board with 64 MB DDR DRAM , dual battery capability , integrated Fast Ethernet card , IEEE 1394 digital interface and eight USB ports , it has all the power of a desktop computer packed into an ultra-slim notebook 
That ′ s impressive ! What ′ s the sale price 
The regular price is $ 2980.00 , but until December the 31st it ′ s on sale for just $ 2,699 . 00 
Do you know Yahoo Greetings , Edgar 
Sure . It's a popular e-card website 
Can you tell me how to send one on it 
Okay . Did you get the Yahoo ID 
ID ? What's that 
I mean , you must register first before you send a card 
Oh . I see . But I have done it 
Ok . Choose the card which you like best , and fill in the following blanks with both your and your friend's names and e-mail addresses 
Is that all 
Don't forget to send 
Oh . I see . Thanks 
We've settled price , order , payment , now I am calling to ask about package . How can we pack the goods 
As a rule , we use cardboard boxes for outer packing . Besides , I would like to make it clear that each piece of computer will be dismantled into several parts before shipment 
Do you mean that we are responsible for putting them together 
Yes . As you know , that's the common practice for exporting computer . This can avoid some damages on computers in the process of transportation 
I see . Why not use wooden cases 
If you prefer wooden cases , we will provide them . But cardboard boxes are light , less expensive , and more convenient to handle in the course of packing and unpacking 
Oh , I know . Does it mean that shipment will have to be delayed if I insist on using wooden cases 
Perhaps . That will be more complicated , if we use wooden boxes 
Then you may use cardboard boxes for outer packing so long as you can guarantee the safety of the computers 
That is guaranteed . Each box is lined with foam plastic in order to prevent damage by air , water or stress . Besides , cardboard boxes will be secured together on wood pallets by overall metal strapping 
Sounds good 
Is that girl your girlfriend 
No , it's not 
She doesn't look like our classmate 
Don't mistake her as somebody . She ' s my older sister 
Really , she's so pretty 
Hi , where have you been 
I was away for my vacation 
Oh , how was it 
Good . I wish I could have another vacation 
Good morning , sir . Welcome to Flower Hotel 
Thank you 
How many pieces of baggage do you have 
Three . Would you please help us take them to the hall 
Surely , of course 
Doctor , I feel much better now . Will I be albe to go home some time this week 
That's good to hear . You've had an ideal recovery from your operation . We're going to send you home tomorrow 
Do you think I can get back to work very soon 
Don't be in such a hurry . I'm confident that you'll be completely recovered in 4 to 6 weeks 
Is there anything I should do 
You'd better have a good rest for a week . Be sure to have regular meals . Stay away from alcohol . Give up smoking at least a little while 
Should I take some medicine 
Yes . I'm going to give you some . Take one tablet of this medicine three times a day before meals . For that one , two tablets . And remember to come to the outpatient department for a consultation in two weeks , please 
It's very kind of you 
You're welcome . We wish you a speedy recovery . Goodbye 
My TV hasn't got a clear picture recently.How ' s yours 
It's OK . I can always get a clear picture on it 
I think something is wrong with mine 
You'd better have it fixed 
That's two for me and one for you 
That's not fair 
I got a raise 
I'm glad to hear that 
Here are the plans for the new finished goods warehouse . Do you have any thoughts or comments 
I think the plans look good . There's just one thing though , I'm a bit concerned about the main lorry entrance . What's the height clearance 
Let me check . It's 3.80 m 
Are you sure that's high enough 
That's a good point . I'll make a note to increase it to 4.80 to make sure we can accept the new containers 
May I see you around 10 o'clock tomorrow morning , please 
Certainly . Come to my office at ten ten . Be prompt , please . I've another appointment at 11 
Don't worry . I'll be there right on time 
Thank you for your letter 
Is your waist any better 
Yes , I ’ m feeling very well these days 
I ’ m glad you are getting better 
And I was glad to receive your letter 
Then when will you be back again 
I will be back again next Wednesday 
I hope to see you at that time again . Bye 
Bye 
Here's a model of our latest design . What do you think of it 
Well , I'm not too happy about it 
What's wrong with it 
Well , I'm afraid it's not at all what I wanted . You haven't really followed my instructions.It ' ll have to be done again 
Oh , dear 
You seem to be very hesitant about doing things 
I don't know why I cannot take a step forward 
You are meeting trouble halfway , I guess 
Many things are troubling me . I don't know whether I should come and go 
That's where the shoe pinches 
Harry , do you like the opera 
No , not really 
Why is that ? It is called real art 
Well , it's very expensive and they're usually singing in another language . That kind of gets on my nerves 
Yeah , that makes sense 
Has someone already helped you 
No , not yet . I'd like to buy a teapot 
Which do you like best 
That colored one is very beautiful . It may suit my furniture . How much do you ask for it 
360 yuan 
Show it to me , Please . Can you get me another ? It's scratched a little bit here 
Sorry , sir . This is the last one we have in stock 
I do like it . Can you come down a bit 
I can give you a 10 % discount 
That's still too much . Can you lower the price further 
I'm afraid that's the best we can do 
If so , I'd better try another store 
Would you like something to drink 
Yes , do you have a wine list 
Here you are 
Bring us a bottle of Remy Martini and red wine 
Wait a moment 
That's good to know . We'll watch for crazy drivers 
Hey , guys . Ready for a pick-up game of touch football 
Football ? Sounds dangerous . Maybe I'll just be a cheerleader 
C'mon , Yi-jun . It's lots of fun . You've seen football played on TV 
Uh , yeah . And I've seen guys in pads tackled . We have no pads . I don't want to be tackled 
There's barely any contact in touch football . People just tag you to stop the play 
OK , but they better tag lightly 
Why do you look so sad 
I ’ m in pretty bad shape . I am having an allergy all the time 
Why not go and see a doctor 
I never trust those stupid doctors 
Well , do you have any experience in guiding 
Yes , but I only have few experiences . I guided a few groups of foreign tourists from America last winter vacation . I showed them around some places of interest 
What places of interest did you show them 
Too many . I will just give you one example , Huangguoshu Falls , the largest waler-fall in China 
Good morning , sir . May I help you 
Good morning . I'd like to pay my bill 
OK . In cash or by credit 
In cash . How much is the total charge 
Five hundred and thirty yuan altogether including charges for service 
Here you are . Thanks for your wonderful service 
Not at all . Welcome again 
Good Morning Ann 
Good Morning Mr Jones 
How about a cup of coffee 
I will make it now 
And can you tell me what meetings I have this week 
I will bring the diary 
Okay , this afternoon you have a meeting with your accountant at 5 pm 
On Wednesday , you are going to London . Don't forget your train leaves at 9.30 am 
Okay , what time is my meeting in London 
At 11.30 . And on Thursday Ms Von wants to talk to you 
Who is Ms Von 
She is our new project manager . She starts next week 
I think I may rent this apartment from you 
That would be wonderful 
Can you tell me how much I would have to pay for rent 
The rent is $ 1050 every month 
That ’ s way too much 
What is good for you 
I can afford about $ 800 a month for rent 
That ’ s not high enough 
How much more are you thinking 
I can let it go at $ 900 a month 
That ’ s almost perfect 
I can live with that too 
Mom 
What are you doing 
I'm playing with my new jump rope ! Watch this 
You are sick , young lady . Get back in bed ! I called you in sick today , so you're going to lie down and fight that flu 
But I feel better 
Then maybe you should go to school . If you're feeling so much better , you'll ace that English test , right 
OK . I get it . I'm getting back into bed ..
Shall I get you another cup of coffee 
Yes , please . That is very kind of you 
Shall I make more sandwiches 
No , thanks . I ’ Ve had plenty 
my mp3 player is broken , so I want to change it for an mp4 player . Can you offer any advice about which brand and model to buy 
an mp4 player ? why don't you buy a new cell phone ? You can find an mp4 player inside any of the latest cell phones 
Oh , that's a good idea . Perhaps I should have a try 
look at my cell phone . I can listen to music , watch movies , take pictures , play games , surf the web and download documents . It's just like a PAD 
that's cool . I can use the computer and the internet pretty well , but I'm a little bit slow in the latest trends of digital products 
that's Ok . you know , digital devices are becoming smaller and easier to carry , and they won't cost you too much 
yeah , if I buy a cell phone like this , I don't have to take a music player everywhere I go , and I can save the cost of buying an extra mp4 
that's right . what's the flash memory of your old mp3 
256MB 
then any cell phone can meet your need because they generally have memories of over 512MB 
I'm getting so paunchy that I'm afraid I have to buy a new belt to-morrow , and I think I must go on a diet 
You are just a little bit chubby , not paunchy 
You know , I'm a compulsive overeater . I got to watch what I eat 
More physical exercise may help to keep your weight down 
You said it 
There have been too many unplanned shutdowns over the past few months . We'll have to make a few changes to the way we operate . We need to reduce our downtime 
I agree , but the maintenance team is fully stretched dealing with problems . We don't have time to carry out any preventive maintenance 
We need to establish routine maintenance procedures . It costs us too much in lost production if we wait until something breaks down before we fix it 
It is high time you have a talk with him . That may help clear the mists 
I did , but he gives me a runaround 
If I were you , I would put the whole matter on the table 
But he was trying to beat about the bush . And my talk with him was fruitless 
so , are you enjoying the performance so far 
well , the costumes and the set are marvellous , but the acting is a bit stiff . What do you think 
I think you're being a little critical . The actor in the lead role is fantastic . I suppose the chorus could be a bit better , though 
do you know anyone in the play 
actually , the woman playing Ophelia is a past classmate of mine 
really ? Is that why you wanted to come to the play 
that's only part of it . I absolutely adore this director . Every play he works on turns out great 
so you've seen other plays that he's directed 
quite a few actually . By the way , after the play , there's always a big party for the cast and their friends . My friend has invited us . Do you want to go 
sure , I'd love to meet the cast ! Have you ever been in a play 
I've never had a part in a play before , but I used to be a part of the stage crew in high school 
what did you do 
I helped build the sets and find props for the plays . What about you 
I once helped out with costumes , but I didn't enjoy it very much 
why not 
I spent over three weeks sewing sequins on a coat 
that sounds kind of boring . Oh , look . They're dimming the lights . I think we should get back to our seats for the second half of the play 
Come on in . I am so glad you are here . We have been expecting you 
Am I late for the party ? Looks everyone is already here . Hope I didn ’ t miss something interesting 
No , you are just on time . We haven ’ t really started yet 
Great , here are some flowers for you . I hope you like them . I was not sure if the color will suit your new apartment 
Thank you , they ’ re beautiful . You can hang your coat over there . Try this new couch , it is so comfortable . You will love it . Want something to drink , tea , coffee , juice or Cola 
Don ’ t bother . I will help myself 
Make yourself at home 
It is such a nice place 
Well , I don ’ t mean to boast but all the designs are done by myself and some colleagues are already trying to copy some of them for their new apartments . Look , they are making photos now of my designed kitchen 
What are you and Corey doing for Valentine ’ s Day this Friday 
Probably nothing 
You have to do something romantic 
Romantic ? I can ’ t remember what that word means 
Well , you have three kids , so you knew what it meant once upon a time 
Ha , ha ! Those days are long gone 
Thank you for your application , Mr . Sweeney . Mr . Jacobs would like to set up an interview for early next week . Do you have time 
Yes , ma ’ am . I could come in any day next week , except for Friday morning 
Fine . Let me take a look at his schedule . He ’ s free on Tuesday afternoon at 1:30 . Could you come in then 
Yes . That would be fine 
What do people usually do on Saint Valentine's Day 
On that day , boys are supposed to give roses to their sweethearts 
What will the girls do 
They give chocolate in return 
Have you ever been shopping at Whole Foods 
No , I haven't . Is the food good there 
They have the freshest foods there 
I usually shop at Sons 
I used to shop there , but I find the food at Whole Foods to be a lot better 
What's the problem with Sons 
They don't have a lot of organic foods there 
Is there a big selection of organic foods at Whole Foods 
They have lots of healthier food at Whole Foods 
I haven't been shopping there , but maybe I'll try it sometime 
Whole Foods is way better than Sons , trust me 
I'll take your word for it 
What's your schedule like this year 
Pretty busy . I have to pick up a lot of credits this year 
What's your major 
I ’ m majoring in French literature 
Oh , don't you have to take that class on 18th century poetry ? It's really difficult . I hear the students in that class have to write a paper a hundred pages long 
That's right . We got the assignment last week 
When is it due 
Next Monday 
Remind me never to sign up for that course 
Miss Sun , could you please type this report for me 
Certainly , Mr . Baker 
Could you please double space it so I can make corrections 
Yes , I will . Do you need it finished right away 
No . This afternoon will be fine 
I will never forget Linda . After all , she was my first lover 
I think you ’ ll lay it to rest with the time flying 
I remember that someone says that it is difficult to forget the people who don ’ t want to forget 
But I think time can change everything 
Well , Mike , nowadays there's much talk about nanometer . But what on earth is it 
Nanometer is a length scale . It's one billionth of a meter , roughly ten times the size of an individual atom 
Hmm ... it's hard to figure out the exact size , I'm afraid 
Well , let's make it this way . For comparison , 10 NM is 1000 times smaller than the diameter of a human hair . There are as many nanometers in an inch as there are inches in 400 miles 
I see.Thank you 
do you want to go out for dinner tonight 
sure . Have you got anywhere in mind 
I'm starving , so maybe we could go somewhere with large portions 
that Italian restaurant in the city centre always has large portions . Do you want to go there 
I'm not really in the mood for Italian , actually . I was thinking of something a bit spicy 
if you want spicy food , then I'd recommend going to a Thai , Indian or Chinese restaurant . How about that Chinese buffet on Cowley Road 
I really like that restaurant ; you get a lot for your money there . But , they've westernized their food , so it's not actually that spicy 
you're right . Most of their dishes have sweet sauces . We could try that Indian restaurant just down the road from us 
the Taj ? They're a bit expensive , but they do serve large portions of very hot food 
the Taj it is then 
shall we bring our own bottle of wine to save some money 
they'll still charge us a corkage fee 
that's right . It'll probably work out to be about the same then anyway 
don't worry about money . I'll treat you tonight 
are you sure ? We could go Dutch 
no , I'll pay . It's my turn anyway . You paid last time 
I won't argue with that ! Let's go 
I'm calling to cancel a reservation I made earlier in the week 
To cancel your reservation , I need your name , phone number , and date of trip , please 
Rudy Randolph , 818-555-1234 . My reservation begins on the second Monday of April 
I see your reservation on my computer . Let me just cancel it , and you'll be all set 
Thanks . I'll call again when things get better at home 
You're welcome 
What can I help you with today 
I have a problem 
What is the problem 
I wrote a check for $ 100 and it bounced 
Do you have enough money in your account 
I think so 
Let me check that for you right now 
Okay . Thank you 
Apparently there is only $ 57 left in your account 
You can ’ t be serious 
That ’ s what my records show 
I see . Thanks for your help 
Could you just run through the evacuation procedure 
Yes , of course . When you hear the fire alarm , which is a very loud , continuous ringing noise , you should go to the nearest fire exit or fire escape as quickly as possible 
Should we use the stairs 
Yes , don't use the lifts . We have regular fire drills so you'll soon become familiar with the procedure . And always shut the fire doors to prevent the fire spreading 
I can't stand being with you any more . I'm sick of your drinking 
I swear I never drink again . Just give me another chance , please 
How many chances have I given you , I've given up on you 
You know how hard I try to quit , I've lost without you . I am mot let you go 
It's not just for your drinking . But you are lacking sense of responsibility 
I have to make money to support the family , so I have little time left to share with you 
Even if I was seriously ill you couldn't spare a moment 
I told you I happened to be more important meeting at that time 
I just don't trust you any more 
Oh , sir . I lost my passport 
Do you remember when and where you last saw it 
I remember I saw when I was dining in the Aidan Restaurant . When I paid the bill , I saw it in my handbag 
Could you please tell me your passport number 
3448-2691- 6429-34 
And what is the expiration date on your passport 
Five months later 
I see . Please fill out this form . And you need to contact your embassy or consulate to report it as soon as possible 
Hi , this is Tom Port . May I speak to Mr . Smith 
Mr . Smith is not in his office . I am afraid he will not be back before 3 pm . Would you care to speak to Mr . Brown who takes all the calls in his absence 
No . Thanks . Can I leave a message for Mr . Smith 
OK , I'll tell him that you called 
Welcome to IBA . What can we assist you with today 
Hello . Yes , I've just read your leaflet about the new MoneyLink Card . I was wondering how I go about applying for one 
This scheme has just started and you will be one of our first 100 customers , so if your application is accepted , you will receive some rather nice perks 
That does sound good . I'm already an account holder , have been for many years . And I already have your existing card 
That should make things perfectly simple , then . Actually , if you had waited a little while longer , we would have notified you by post 
Perhaps your letter is already in the mail ! So , I can just upgrade automatically 
May I have your details , and I'll check for you 
Certainly ..
OK , so you are already a gold card holder , with a sound credit history . That means we can automatically upgrade you to our new platinum card 
Wonderful ! And , you mentioned ' perks ' ? I do hope I'll be getting some of those 
Excuse me . I get confused that the two phones on the booth are different , can you tell me how to use them 
Let me have a look . Oh , yes . This one is the IC phone and the other is the coin phone . If you have an IC card , you can insert it into this slot , wait for the dialing signal appearing on the small screen , and then dial the number of the person you are going to call 
Well , I see . How to use the other one 
First , you pick up the receiver , wait for the dialing signal , dial the number , and then put the coin into the slot , press the ' speak ' button . Then everything is done 
It seems quite easy . I will try both of them 
Can I help you sir , what do you need 
I need a packet of cigarettes please 
Of course sir , no problem 
Thanks 
Don't talk too much , Tom . We are on duty today , we should hurry up 
OK 
Tom , your task is to clean the blackboard 
How about yourself 
I'm going to sweep the floor first 
Daniel , I am not tall enough to reach the of the blackboard 
Stand on the chair , Pig Tom . Use your brain 
OK , I've finished cleaning the blackboard 
How about the podium 
Oh , I forgot about it . I'll get it 
Be quick , please . Our teacher and classmates will come soon 
I will be done before they come 
Jane's mother always wants her to marry a big shot . J
That is just wishful thinking . The cost of higher education has increased in recent years , faster than the cost of living . So she wants Jane's brother to go on studying and earn his doctorate by means of it 
But it's unfair for Jane 
Good afternoon , San Felice Hotel . May I help you 
Yes . I'd like to book a room , please 
Certainly . When for , madam 
March the 23rd 
How long will you be staying 
Three nights 
What kind of room would you like , madam 
Er ... double with bath . I'd appreciate it if you could give me a room with a view over the lake 
Certainly , madam . I'll just check what we have available . . . Yes , we have a room on the 4th floor with a really splendid view 
Fine . How much is the charge per night 
Would you like breakfast 
No , thanks 
It's eighty four euro per night excluding VAT 
That's fine 
Who's the booking for , please , madam 
Mr and Mrs Ryefield , that's R-Y-E-F-I-E-L-D 
Okay , let me make sure I got that
Yes it is . Thank you 
Let me give you your confirmation number . It's 7576385 . I'll repeat that , 7576385 . Thank you for choosing San Felice Hotel and have a nice day . Goodbye 
Goodbye 
Our unit is participating in a fundraiser this weekend and would like to borrow the van , if possible 
I would need to check on that . Where is the fundraiser 
It will be at the beach by the pier 
What day will you need it for 
We will only be needing it for Sunday 
Maybe that could work . I need to know who will be driving it 
The only two drivers will be Mary and I 
If I give you the keys to the garage , could you bring it back on Sunday evening 
Sure . We also would like to use the chairs from the lunchroom . Would that be OK 
OK , but make sure that everything is back by Sunday night at the latest 
The telephone is ringing . Can you answer it , Sue 
OK , I'll get it . It's for you , Jeff 
Thanks , Sue 
How many people are in your family 
As you know , china has a single-child policy . Therefore , there ’ s just my husband , my daughter and I . What about in your family 
I have one daughter and one son . Then there ’ s my husband and I . What about your parents ? Do they live with your family 
Not anymore . They live with my brother now . and yours 
My parents live by themselves now . When they get older , they ’ ll probably go to a retirement home . Do you just have one brother 
No , I have two older brothers and one younger sister . What about you 
I also grew up in a big family . I have one older brother and three younger sisters 
How long have you been married 
About seven years now . and you 
I ‘ Ve been married for about five years . What do you think about divorce 
It ’ s becoming more and more common . However , I don ’ t ever want to get divorced myself ! What about you 
If my husband cheated on me or treated me badly , I would get a divorce 
If that happens , maybe you could marry my brother and we could become in-laws 
( ha ha ) I ’ ll keep that in mind , but don ’ t tell my husband 
Of course not 
Hello , Mary . What ’ s the matter with you ? You look upset 
My friend and I was argued with each other . For this , I ’ m very sad . Because I don ’ t want to lose this friend 
Oh , I ’ m sorry to hear that . I know how you feel . Please don ’ t be sad 
Thank you , but I really want to relax myself . I ’ m very sorry 
OK . Don ’ t let it get to you . Goodbye 
I am sorry , sir . I have broken the reading lamp in my room 
Well , sir . May I have your room number 
503 . I would like to pay for it 
Please fill out the form first 
OK , can you bring me a new one 
Of course 
I'm very sorry , sir . My car has broken down 
Sorry to hear that . Can we do anything about it 
I'm afraid not 
Then I have to call another taxi , or I'll be late 
Although you spare no effort to complete the project . I think you have missed the boat 
I will not miss the boat when there is another opportunity again next time 
What is my schedule for today , Miss Liu 
Yes , you are supposed to meet the president at ten fifteen this morning . Then , you have a lunch appointment with Mr . Clark . And this afternoon at three you are scheduled to speak before a group of seminar participants 
Do you have the meeting report ready 
Certainly 
Hi . Can you give me a wake-up call tomorrow 
Certainly . What time would you like us to call you 
I need two wake-up calls , if you don't mind , one at 7 and the other at 7 fifteen 
Not a problem . We'll call you tomorrow morning at 7 , and again at 7 fifteen 
On second thought , you'd better make that second call at 7 thirty instead of 7 fifteen 
Said , and done . Will there be anything else 
No , that gets it for now , thank you 
Well , give us a call if there's anything more we can help you with 
Hi ! How are you doing 
Good , thanks . How about you 
Pretty good . Say , where are you living this semester 
In No . 4 Dorm . I like dorm life . You will meet a lot of people and you don't have to cook . What about you 
Oh , I am looking for an apartment . I prefer living off campus . I can study better 
I hope you will find a place . Listen , I'd better go . I am going to be late for class 
Okay , see you around 
Take care 
You are studying here , aren ’ t you 
Yes . I have been here for three years 
Do you like this campus 
Well . I ’ m rather disappointed with it 
How come 
It ’ s too old . And it isn ’ t as specious as I expected 
Oh.It ’ s awful , but it can ’ t be helped 
I ’ ll just have to put up with it 
This is our main service area . We do all the routine services here and have two full-time mechanics 
How often do you service the vans 
They're serviced regularly . We give them a basic service every 10,000 km or so and a main service once a year , or every 100,000 km 
I see . What does the service involve 
Well , the same as for private vehicles really , but we do it more often because they get a lot of wear and tear 
Can you carry out major repairs here 
Yes , we've got all the necessary equipment . We can give the engines a major overhaul . If there's a serious problem , we strip down the engine and find the faulty component . Would you like to look around 
Doctor Lin's Office 
I need to make an appointment to see the doctor 
How about 2 o'clock this afternoon 
Good , but can you tell me how to get to your office 
Judy , what is everybody talking about 
Haven ’ t you heard ? Richard was fired by our manager 
You ’ re kidding . It can ’ t be true 
Believe it or not . Everybody is talking about it in the company 
Really ? I ’ m surprised 
Me too 
Excuse me , do you serve breakfast here 
Sure , you want a continental one or an American one 
An American one , please . I am in a hurry 
OK , sir , yours will be ready in a few seconds 
Are you doing something on Saturday evening ? If not , welcome to my new apartment 
You moved to a new place 
Yes , I have been busy emptying the packing boxes and cleaning up the mats . Right now , it looks like a home . I would like to have a small celebration party . Please do come 
Thank you for inviting me . Sounds lovely ! I would like to come . Where is your new apartment 
It is in the DX community , Room 306 , No . 2 building . It is very easy to find . Just ask the guard at the entrance 
Who else will come 
I invited all the colleagues in our department and also my former neighbor , Paul . He is a very good person . You should meet him 
Ok , I will be there around 6 . Is that ok for you 
Yes , great . I am happy you are coming 
Have you been coming to this Laundromat long 
I have been washing clothes here since a few years ago 
Why is that 
It doesn't cost me as much to wash here 
I've just started doing my clothes here 
Why are you washing your clothes here now 
My washing machine broke down 
You should just pay someone to fix it 
It's too expensive to get it fixed 
So you're just going to wash here 
Yeah , I think that's what I'm going to have to do 
It costs less to wash here 
Now let's begin the class . Who is on duty today 
I am , sir 
Please come to the front to have five minutes ’ free talk in English . Very well ! Whose turn is it to have a free talk 
It's me , sir . But I am sorry I have forgotten to prepare for it 
Well . Don't forget to perform your duty next time , ok ? Now , let's start our lesson 
Good morning , can I see your passport , please 
Here you are 
For business or pleasure 
Business 
Thank you . Have a pleasant stay 
Don ’ t you think it would be an idea to name the ship Dolphin 
All right , if that would make you happy 
So you ’ Ve got something on your mind , I guess 
Well , nothing really serious 
Hello . Is Vanessa there 
Yes . This is Vanessa 
Hi , Vanessa . I ’ m Don . I ’ m calling from Seller ’ s Market . Are you still interested in a position as a cashier 
Yes . Is the position available now 
Yes , it is . Please come to see me tomorrow afternoon at 2 00 for a job interview 
Thanks a lot 
You ’ re welcome . I ’ ll see you tomorrow at 2 00 
I ’ ll see you then . Good bye 
Hello ! Is Mr . Green there 
Speaking . May I ask whom I am talking to 
This is Li with Silk Company . We met last Sunday during the exhibition 
Oh , yes . I remember your company 
Thank you for visiting our products . I remember that you are interested in our silk products and so , could I have a meeting with you this week to show you moreinformation about our products 
I'd like to , but I'm afraid that my schedule is full this week 
What about next week ? Is it convenient for you 
Am . How about 10 a . m . on next Friday 
Any time you say is OK 
All right , expecting you 
Excuse me . Would you mind trading seats with me 
Not at all 
Oh , thank you . That ’ s very kind of you 
You ’ re welcome . I prefer a window seat 
Oh , you do ? Good . Looking out of the window sometimes scares me . So I prefer to be the man in the middle 
how can I help you 
I'd like to buy some perform for my girlfriend 
do you know what kind of scent she usually wears 
she usually doesn't wear anything but a few drops of Chanel No . 5 . But I'd like to buy her a new Fragrance 
ok , here are some of our most popular perfumes 
which one would you recommend 
personally , I quite like the new perfume by Clinique . It's a subtle flowery scent . What do you think 
that smells great . I'll take one bottle , please 
would you like to buy any other cosmetics for your girlfriend ? We have a full range of products from cosmetics to skin cleansers and moisturizers 
it's ok . She normally just wears a little foundation and some loose powder , and I wouldn't know what shade to buy 
how about some lipstick ? Every woman needs a nice tube of red lipstick 
she doesn't usually wear lipstick . She thinks it makes her nose look too big 
how about some mascara ? That will make her eyes look bigger 
no thank you . She has big enough eyes as it is 
I know what she would like---some whitening cream 
no thanks . Western women usually try to make their skin darker , no lighter 
will that be all then 
that will be all . You're been very helpful , thanks 
He told the police that Ted was the murderer 
He is playing hob with the fact 
Why do you say so 
Because he stayed with me all the time that night 
Let's see . I had the salmon starter which was £ 5.90 and my Pizza was £ 8.25 
I had the soup and bruschetta which all together is £ 4.50 and my trout for the main course was £ 12 
So that's £ 14.15 for me and £ 16.50 for you 
Yes and shall we go fifty-fifty for the wine 
Yes , so that's an extra £ 6 for both of us 
So now your bill comes to £ 20.15 and I need to pay £ 22.50 
And I had a dessert - that's another £ 3.50 . And you had coffee which is £ 2 
And is that all 
Yes , this is everything on the list 
So now my bill is £ 24.50 and yours come to £ 23.65 . Is that correct 
Yes , that's exactly it . How much tip shall we give the waiter 
I think £ 5 would be good 
Are you free on Friday evening because we were wondering if you would like to come round for dinner 
Oh , thank you very much . I ’ d like to come , but I ’ m afraid I ’ m busy that evening 
That ’ s a pity ! Then when would it be a good time for you 
Well , I ’ m not too sure , actually . I ’ Ve got a lot going on the next couple of weeks . Why don ’ t I call you later 
Okay , that ’ s fine 
I'd like to speak with the apartment manager , please 
This is he . What can I do for you 
I'm interested in the apartment on Main Street 
It's still available . Do you want to see it 
Yes , I would very much like to see it 
Does today at 6 p . m . sound okay to you 
I have no problem with 6 p . m 
Okay , I'll see you at 6 o'clock . Do you need any directions 
No , thanks . I already drove by to see what the neighborhood looks like 
I'll have an application form with me . You can fill it out if you're interested 
Should I bring anything with me 
No . I only need to check your driver's license 
Let's go to Wangfujing by bus 
Better take the subway . It's faster , and more convenient 
OK , it will be a new experience for me 
We have a rather comprehensive subway system here . You can get almost anywhere rather quickly on a subway , especially at this time of day when the traffic is heavy 
Where do we pay the fare 
Just give the man standing there 3 yuan and he'll give you a token . Then , you slip it into the slot at the turnstile and push the turnstile to get in 
Let me pay for it . Where can I get a subway map 
Ask the worker who sells tokens to give you one . It's free fo charge . Actually maps showing subway routes are posted at most stations 
Do I have to pay an additional fare to change trains 
No , you don't have to . Here comes the train 
Hello , Bill.May I borrow your pen 
Sure , which one ? The red one or the blue one 
The blue one , please 
You may keep it for the time being . I'm not using it now 
I wonder if the dentist could fit me in early tomorrow 
I'm afraid there's nothing available before noon 
How about 12:45 
Sorry , but he's busy then too 
I don ’ t know why bucks have such a great charm that a great many people are after nothing else 
They want to be filthy with dough and think it the only source of their happiness 
But many rich guys don ’ t think they are truly happy . There is always some empty feeling deep inside them 
Richard , why didn't you come to school today 
I'm sick . I think I've got the flu 
Well , take care of yourself 
Excuse me , but do you have this T-shirt in size L 
Sorry . We're out of size L's 
Too bad . I really like it 
Why don't you try this other T-shirt ? I think it would look nice on you 
Do you have it in size L 
Yes , we do 
Where is the fitting room 
It's on your right hand side at the end of this hallway 
Thanks 
Look , Bob hasn't made any progress on that project 
I see what you mean 
We should have a word with him 
Let me handle it 
As an existing banker , that will speed up the process . You said you had the documents with you 
That's right . Here you go 
Before I verify those , I need you to fill in some forms . Then , as I said , I need to see valid credentials , your occupation and income details ..
OK , as I expected . How much will you allow me to borrow ? I mean , I don't need a massive sum of money 
You are authorized to borrow up to 20,000 RIB , with a repayment period of up to 1 year 
That'll be enough , and the repayment period sounds good to me 
We can also look at your current credit status and adjust the interest accordingly 
How soon before this goes through 
If you sort out all of the paperwork today , you could have your loan by the end of the week 
Perfect . So , I guess my next job is to go to the newsagent and buy some car magazines . Thanks for everything 
All right , Mr . Crane , when will you be arriving in the city 
I should be coming in on the 11:30 mooring flight . How far is the office from the airport 
Only 25 minutes or so . We ’ ll send somebody to meet you . That ’ s 11:30 a . m . Friday the 15th 
That ’ s right . I ’ ll be in the baggage area 
What ’ s your favourite ball sport 
I like basketball . I really enjoy watching the NBA games on TV 
Who ’ s your favourite player 
I don ’ t really have one but I support Huston 
Do they have a good team 
I think they do , but I ’ m biased . They have a good manager and a great coach 
I can ’ t keep up with the game . The players play so quickly that I can hardly see what they are doing 
I have the same problem . The players are really very skilful . I wish I could play that well 
You play for an amateur team , don ’ t you 
Yes , I do . We ’ re doing pretty well this season . We ’ Ve won most of our games , but we ’ re not top of the league table 
How many more games are there this season 
We ’ Ve got four more games . I hope we can win all of them 
Mike's going to have a self-driving traveling across the country 
Really ? He is so great 
You don't want to join him 
Surely I want . It's quite popular nowadays 
Yes , and I want to have a try 
You are going to be really jealous when you find out where I ’ m headed for the holidays 
Don ’ t tell me ! I ’ m sure it ’ s someplace warm and sunny with great beaches 
You got it ! I ’ m going to spend two fabulous weeks in Hawaii 
You are so lucky ! Send me a postcard 
What are your plans for the future if you are hired 
I'll do my utmost if I am hired 
Do you have any short-term goals 
No , that thought doesn't cross my mind 
What ’ s the postage on this letter to hongkong , please 
Oh , I have to check . Do you need anything else 
Yes , Five one dollar stamps , please 
That will be fourteen dollars in all 
We will have a vacation next month . Why not have a tour 
Good idea . Where shall we go 
What about going to Xi'an 
Don't you think it is too far 
So what's your plan 
What about going to Beijing 
So we'll compromise . We'll hit the Huangshan in Anti 
OK 
Yes , madam , can I help you 
I'm feeling a bit airsick 
We have the medicine for that . I'll go and get it for you 
Thank you . oh , can you get me some orange juice as well 
Certainly . I'll be back right away 
Hi ! Bob , are you having problems with that 
Yes , how should I set up my new computer 
It's easy , let me help you 
Great , thanks a lot 
Time flies 
You're telling me 
Hello , Jim . Where are you going 
To the cinema . What about coming with me 
No , thanks . I'm going home . My wife's expecting me 
What a pity . I believe it's a very good film 
Do you go to the cinema a lot 
Once a week . Most nights I sit at home and watch telly
Do you know what's on tonight by any chance 
No , I'm sorry I don't . I never read the papers till I get home 
Oh , I see . By the way , where are you going for your holidays this year 
I don't know yet . My wife's going to her mother's for a couple of weeks . She Livesay the sea , you know 
Oh , does she ? That's convenient 
Yes , but I want to go to the country 
Don't you like the sea 
Yes , very much . But I need peace and quiet when I'm on holiday . What are coughing to do 
I'm going to stay at home 
Aren't you going to have a holiday abroad this year 
No , I want to buy a car , and that's going to take every penny I've got 
Many congratulations on your winning the game 
That ’ s very kind of you , but it ’ s nothing special 
You were doing great out there 
Well , actually it ’ s just about luck 
Do you know who that tall man is 
He's a member of the National Basketball Association 
Do you know where he comes from 
Some people say he's from New York 
So how long have you known Mary 
Only four days 
Only four days ! That's so short , and you seem so crazy about her 
I know . I can't help thinking about her . She's always on my mind 
Shall we go out tonight 
Yeah , let's go Joe's Disco 
We'd better ask dad first 
Okay , but you ask him 
Linda , do you know Mr.Green 
No , I don't think so 
Please meet him now 
Thanks 
Mom , I'm ready for school 
Don't forger to come straight home after school 
I know , mom 
Have you got everything 
Oh , my jump rope . Mom , can you get it for me 
Hello , Lily 
Hello , Mr . Clark . You ’ re early for lunch . It ’ s only eleven o ’ clock 
When I come late , there ’ s usually nothing left 
What would you like today 
I ’ ll have the leg of lamb 
And would you like salad ? The salad plate today is lettuce , tomatoes , and black olives 
How long have we been flying 
About 12 hours 
I always have trouble with jet lag 
Most people do when they travel long distances 
By the way , what's the time now 
8: 00 Beijing time 
What do you think of smoking 
It ’ s harmful not only for yourself but for others 
What in your opinion can be done to stop smoking 
Stop producing cigarettes 
But that ’ ll affect the national economy 
That ’ s right . But I don ’ t think there are better ways 
How about painting a warning on each cigarette packet 
Maybe it can take effect 
I'll come see you tomorrow 
Promise 
How are you doing today 
I'm doing great . What about you 
I'm absolutely lovely , thank you 
Everything's been good with you 
I haven't been better . How about yourself 
I started school recently 
Where are you going to school 
I'm going to PCC 
How do you like it so far 
I like it so far . My classes are pretty good right now 
I wish you luck 
Thanks a lot 
Personal Loans , how may I help 
I'm going to be studying overseas next year and I'd like some info about suitable loans . To be honest , I'm not even sure if I can get a loan 
Not a problem . We offer a Personal Loan for Studying Abroad for anyone who's studying overseas , regardless of the circumstances . Anyone is eligible to apply
Would I have to get my parents to guarantor the loan 
Not exactly . Our policy states that the loange could be the person studying abroad , for example , you , or your direct relative or spouse 
I see . What about age limitations 
There are no age limitations as such just that the loange should be below 55 years and of course , old enough to get a loan , meaning over 18 years of age 
Got it ! I fit into that category very nicely . That's great ! I'll have a chat with my parents and come back . Thanks very much 
Have you ever noticed that serious pollution in modern cities goes from bad to worse 
You said it . We ’ er breathing poisonous air every day 
I think it ’ s time for the government to take strong action . And people should try to protect environment 
I absolutely agree with you 
I need some more amenities , please 
I'm not sure I'm following you , sir 
Specifically , I'm talking about the little things , like soap and shampoo 
Oh , now I understand ! So , you've already used up all your amenities 
No , I'm not even halfway through my supply 
I'm losing you , sir . What's the problem 
What's the use of going to a hotel if you don't take home souvenirs 
Okay , I got it . You're collecting souvenirs 
There you go . My friends expect me to bring home souvenirs 
Have you visited our souvenir shop , sir ? It's loaded with all kinds of items 
I've never paid for a hotel souvenir in my life , and I don't intend to start now 
Sir , housekeeping will bring you a basketful of amenities momentarily 
I was wondering if this is where the Resume Writing Workshop is being held 
You are in the right place . Please come on in 
It ’ s been a long time since I ’ Ve had to look for work and put a resume together 
It ’ s going to come together just fine . Trust me 
Where do we begin 
We start at the top with our name and contact information . Make sure the information is current 
Then what do we do 
Put your job experience first , if that is more impressive than your education 
What about listing my interests and affiliations next 
Yes , that would make a good ending for your resume 
How do you think TaiWan's economy is doing 
Not too good actually , people are not spending as much as before 
Do you know why that is 
Lots of reasons I guess , unemployment is pretty high these days 
What's a good place for sightseeing 
Don't ask me 
... And now , let ’ s go to Kenny Williams for today ’ s weather forecast 
Thank you Bill , and good morning Salt Lake City 
What ’ s the weather looking like today , Kenny 
Well , it ’ s a bit of a mixed bag in Utah today . we ’ Ve got heavy cloud cover here in Northern Utah , and we ’ re calling for scattered showers throughout the day , with a day-time high of forty-five degrees.Now , if we move down to the south of the state , we can see that a cold front is moving in.We can expect clear skies , but it will be quite cold , with temperatures hovering around the thirty degree mark 
It ’ s a chilly day folks , so don ’ t forget your coats ! What about tomorrow Kenny ? Do you have good news for us 
Well , it ’ ll be a rainy day for Northern Utah.we can expect some isolated downpours in the morning . Winds will be coming in from the North East , with gusts reaching twenty-three miles per hour . Salt Lake City can expect the rain to turn to sleet in the evening . Things are looking a bit better for the South.we ’ ll see cloudy skies with a chance of showers . Later in the day , we can expect partlycloudy skies , with a forecast high of thirty-eight degrees 
You heard it folks ! It ’ s gonna be a cold one 
That ’ s right Bill . We will have more later on today on the six o ’ clock news . That ’ s the weather forecast for this morning 
Would you please weight this letter for me 
Well , it's a bit overweight . You must pay extra for it 
How much 
We demand a surcharge of 80 cents for it 
How ’ re you today 
Pretty good , thanks . And you 
What ’ s the main idea in this essay 
The United Nations should have more authority 
Caroline Menzies speaking 
Could I speak to Diana Curzon 
I'm afraid she's in a meeting at the moment . Who's speaking 
This is John Laing from Dantons 
Can I take a message , Mr Laing 
Yes , please . I'm actually returning her call . So perhaps you could tell her that I called 
Certainly . Does she have your number 
She must have , but let me give it to you anyway . It's 01705 455623 
01705 ..
455623 
455623 
That's right 
OK . I'll make sure she gets the message 
Thank you 
Have you attended school today 
I attended school today . Did you 
I wasn't able to attend school because I was feeling ill 
I'm sorry to hear that . Would you like the assignments from English class 
I would really appreciate that , thanks 
It's no trouble at all 
If you get sick , I'll return the favor 
Thanks . See you at school tomorrow if you feel better 
I'm broke , and I have to catch another bus 
Why don't you have any money for another bus 
I got hungry and bought some chips 
That was smart 
Anyway , do you have any change I can use for the bus 
I don't have any 
I don't know how I'm going to get home 
Get a transfer from the bus driver 
How much is a transfer 
It doesn't cost anything 
That's great ! Thanks for your help 
You know what ? Don't mention it 
I just called Mr . Smith in Room 201 , but there was no reply . Would you find out if he's still staying there 
All right . One moment , please ... No , Mr . Smith checked out this morning 
Oh , he did ? May I have his forwarding address , please 
I ' m afraid he didn ’ t leave one 
Oh , what a pleasant surprise ! Don't you remember me 
Mr.Black , if I'm not mistaken 
Right ! Glad to see you here 
Pleased to see you.too 
How many kinds of secretaries work here 
There are 3 secretarial categories here . One is receptionist , one is junior secretary , and the other is senior secretary 
What sort of duties do you expect 
I would like to be able to work independently and take over some ordinary responsibilities such as answering routine correspondences , taking phone calls , and sometimes assisting you with personal business affairs 
Can I help you 
I'm looking for a Sharp DVD Player 
Sure . Any particular model 
Yes . The DS102 series 
Oh , I'm afraid we've sold out of those . They were really popular 
Will you be getting more in 
Yes . But not for about 2 weeks 
Excuse me , would you please do me a favor 
With pleasure 
I appreciate the building so much . I am wondering if you could take a picture of me against the building 
No problem 
That's OK , Ben , just let it go . I thought you were just a little too much into it 
I wasn't kidding before , OK , I'm fine now 
Honey , have you ever heard that there are a lot of stray cats now 
Yes 
Now they are collected by some volunteers , and people can adopt them or make a donation for the shelters 
What are you saying ? You are acting weird today 
I want to adopt a cat , and it can be Barbie's boyfriend too 
Haha , very funny , but it doesn't make any sense to me 
That's all right . At least I got myself left 
Seriously , if we will adopt any animals , we'd gotta to talk to Daniel 
I hope that he would grant me with that 
Hope so 
Excuse me , can you tell me where the post office is 
It's on the Fifth Avenue 
I'm afraid I don't quite understand 
I see.You ' re a stranger here.Walk two blocks ahead , then turn left . You can't miss it 
Excuse me.Does this train go to Brooklyn 
Yes , it does 
Do you know when it leaves 
I think it leaves at two thirty 
So , what do you plan to do today 
There is a Matisse exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art . Larry and I will go 
Did you buy tickets already 
No . Do we need tickets 
Well , probably . Probably you will have to wait in line if you don't have tickets 
Outside or inside 
Outside , on the sidewalk 
Hmm . It's very cold today.But I brought my jacket . Maybe it will be alright to wait 
The MYOMA is very popular . There will be a lot of people 
MYOMA ? What's that 
Oh , sorry.It stands for the Museum of Modern Art . It's an acronym . M O M A MYOMA 
I see . Do you have any suggestions for other things we should do 
I suggest you go to the Jewish Museum.It ' s not far from the Guggenheim , near Central Park . It is really very interesting.Also , there is a great museum of medieval European art further up north.It ' s called the Cloisters 
How can we get up there 
You can take a bus 
But Larry says the neighborhoods in the north are dangerous 
how are you doing , Christopher 
to be honest , I'm really fed up with work at the moment . I need a break 
are you doing anything this weekend 
I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job 
are you available on Sunday 
yes , that's my only day off until Thursday 
ok , well , my friends and I are planning on going to the beach on Sunday . We tend to leave around noon whenever we go anywhere , so you could still sleep in . Do you want to come with us 
that'd be fantastic ! Which beach are you going to 
it's a quiet beach just about an hour outside of the city 
what should I bring with me 
we've got plenty of inflatables , but if you want to sit on a chair , you'll have to bring your own sunlounger 
I can just use my beach towel . I love lazing around in the sun 
do you like surfing 
I've actually never tired . Do you have a surfboard 
we've got a few . I can teach you how to surf on Sunday . It'll be fun 
I can't wait ! It sounds like we're going to have a great time . How much money should I bring 
you'll just need roughly $ 10 for food and gas money . My friend is driving , so we usually all chip in a few dollars for gas money 
ok , where and when should I meet you 
we'll pick you up at your place at noon . Be there or be square 
I am sorry to have kept all of you waiting . I was delayed by something urgent 
You are not late , Mr . Thomas . There're still 15 minutes to go . Mr . White has just called you 
What did he say 
He said there was a traffic jam , but he is coming 
He shouldn't drive his car . He should come here by bus 
I told you that she is no fool 
I know she is quite an article , but I was not sure of her ability to cope with a boss 
She cannot get in Dutch with him . He is her boss , you know 
But most bosses are fools for woman 
I work so hard that I do not have the energy to exercise 
That is just an excuse.You can always find some time to exercise 
But I work hard all the time for long hours . Often I have no time for lunch . Yet , I am still getting fatter 
Bill , you know that work is not the same as exercise as it is stressful but not relaxing.And skipping meals will not help you lose weight.In fact your body will only store fat if you miss meals 
I know you're right , but what can I do 
How about going for a walk instead of sitting on the sofa reading the newspaper after dinner every night 
But I'll miss the news.It ' s important in my business to keep up with events in China 
I know , I know.Have you got a portable radio ? You can listen to the news and get healthy at the same time 
That's a good idea 
Even if our company didn't have a dress code , I still think people would wear formal clothing to work 
I wouldn't be so sure ... People want to wear what they feel most comfortable in 
Maybe that's true for some positions , but I think the marketing and sales staff would definitely not agree . They dress for success ! You can't go out on a sales call if you are dressed in jeans . It's just not respectful to you client 
I think what you wear is so overrated . I would rather have a down-to-earth , honest and solid sales person than a painted , patent leather , designer suite salesman 
It's not as simple as that . People judge you by your appearance , whether you like it or not . So dressing professional is being professional . The image that you portray to others is so important in business . It's your image and how others perceive you that makes the difference between landing or losing a sale 
Maybe you're right , but I'll take my sneakers and jeans any day 
How much is the postage for this postcard to China 
How would you like to send it 
By airmail 
Sixty cents please 
Here you are 
Please write down the zip code in the mailing address 
Oh , one more thing , I want to send the card by registered mail too 
OK . please give me twenty cents 
Here it is . and thank you very much 
You're welcome 
Would you like me to help you on your new project 
I would love the help ! Would you prefer helping with the writing part or is programming more your thing 
I would enjoy helping with the writing portion 
Perfect ! You'll be working alone on that portion . Do you like to work alone 
That is OK sometimes 
Our first meeting is next Monday . Could you meet with us at that time 
No , I can't be there 
Please send me your background information before the meeting so I can look at it 
I can send that information to you 
OK . I look forward to working with you . Enjoy your week 
Welcome to our bar 
What kind of wine do you offer 
Here is the wine list 
Thanks 
What would you like 
What do you recommend 
What about cocktail 
I'd like to try something typically Chinese 
I recommend Mao Tai , it's the best liquor in China 
OK . Let me try it 
Here you are , sir 
Thank you 
Happy birthday , Ann . Many happy returns of the day ! Here is a present for you 
Thank you , Peter . Come into the dining room . We are going to cut the cake soon 
Ok , who is that girl 
That's Cathy . She is pretty , isn't she ? She likes dancing . Ask her to dance 
Well , I don't know 
Don't be afraid . She isn't going to bite you 
Who is afraid ? I am not afraid 
How do you want your hair cut 
I want it the way Peckham wears it 
Who is Peckham 
Are you kidding me ? Even the girls know Peckham . Whatever , I have a picture of him here 
You are a big fan of him ! He has strong legs 
Sure , he is a soccer star 
Hey , wake up . It's done . How do you like it 
Oh , my God . It's disaster . It makes my head look like a soccer ball 
But it's the same hairstyle 
It looks like the hairstyle of Kahn who stands beside him in the picture 
Oh . I made a mistake . I thought the guy on the right was Peckham 
He plays outside right but it doesn't mean he has to stand on the right 
Sorry , but do not worry . I think I can fix it . Just cut a little more off the temple 
Do it , please 
That's great ! We made 20 minutes earlier 
Good thing , we took a taxi 
Mom , you are the best 
Hey , look there . It is an advertisement of the piano training class on the billboard . The place is not far from our home 
Mom , come on . What are you thinking about 
Your sister is in high school now ; no one plays the piano at home 
Don't tell me you want me to do that 
Why ? Why not ! The piano is right there 
But I don't like playing the piano . And the homework keeps me busy enough 
Anyway , I will have a look at the piano class after work by myself 
How depressed 
I just got sacked 
I'm sorry to hear that 
Do you want a taxi 
Yes 
Where to 
Do you know where Dawanglu is 
Yes , I know it 
You can take me there 
Yes , of course . Step in , please 
That's good 
Buckle up the belt , please 
Let's go 
Good morning 
Good morning 
What's the problem 
I'm running a high fever and feeling terribly bad 
How long have you had that problem 
Since last night 
Then , you'd better go to the Medical Department . But first , you should fill in the registration card and the registration fee is one Yuan 
Fine . But can you tell me how to get to the Medical Department , please 
Take the lift to the third floor and then go along until you see the sign on your right 
Thanks a lot 
You're welcome 
How much is it to rent an economy car 
$ 19 a day or $ 129 a week , unlimited mileage 
Could I have one for tomorrow morning 
Could I see your driver's license 
Sure here it is 
Good . Now just complete this form 
What reason do you have for missing school 
I was sick 
How were you sick 
I had a stomachache 
Did it get any better 
I'm still feeling under the weather 
Would you like anything for your stomach 
I took something earlier 
Get better 
Thanks a lot 
My mother and my wife are always holding different ideas 
If you are really in love with your wife , you should be in support of her . You can ’ t have it both ways , of course 
You mean I should please her by following her suggestion 
Yeah . Love me , and love my dog 
Are you going to watch the Indy Five Hundred on TV this weekend 
I'm not really into racecar driving 
You were when we were in high school . That , and baseball 
Yeah , well , times change . Look at you-you're a father now . You can't say that you haven't changed 
True , but I still have to watch my baseball . The season's in full swing now 
I mean , I know spring training's over , but I'm just not into all that 
Hello ? Is the real Taylor in there 
May I help you 
Yes . I'm sorry , but I've lost my passbook 
Well . Can you tell me how much you have deposited 
About RIB 12,000 
Please let me have your name and your savings account number if you remember it 
I'm Bob Brown . But I can't recall my account number 
Don't worry , Mr . Brown . Let me try to check it for you . One moment , please . Yes , I have your account number here . The balance is exactly RIB 12,000
Thank goodness . It is still there . Thank you very much 
It's my pleasure . Please fill out this lost passbook bill and list the code word you used when you first opened your account 
OK 
May I exchange this DVD player 
Certainly . Do you have your receipt 
Here you are 
Now , why do you want to exchange it 
It won't play a DVD 
I'm sorry . I'll get you a new player 
At first , I thought it was me 
Okay , here's a new one for you 
Would you care for something to drink , Mr . Stone 
No , thank you , Mrs . Carter . I'm fine for now 
Just make yourself at home . The other guests should be arriving shortly 
Excuse me , Ms . Montgomery 
I ’ m sorry , Jeff . Please don ’ t interrupt me right now . I ’ m in the middle of a conversation 
Oh , I ’ m sorry , Ms . Montgomery . I ’ ll come back later 
That ’ s all right . I ’ ll be finished in a little while 
Do you have much experience with kids 
Yes . I have three sons . Actually I also have a grandson 
To tell you the truth , sometimes I regret having a baby so early . I have been making so many sacrifices just because my husband insisted on keeping the baby 
I understand . I was in your position before . At that time I couldn ’ t depend on anyone taking care of the children for me . My husband seldom stayed at home 
What about your mother ? Did she help you 
Yes , she did a little . But you see , Americans are different from Chinese . You can ’ t depend on your own mother to be a full-time babysitter . She could baby-sit only once or twice a week . That ’ s it . I had to care for them most of the time 
I see . So if my little family goes to America , I would end up taking care of my child all the time . My husband would have to make the bread for us . I just don ’ t know how I would get some education and be able to get a job some day 
Don ’ t worry . You can take night classes . I did that when I had kids . And soon your child will be old enough to attend kindergarten . Then you could find a job and work 
Sounds not so easy to me . When that happens , I will be too old to learn 
No . You see , I went back to school to get my Master ’ s Degree when I was in my thirties . You won ’ t be older than that 
I ’ m itching for moving 
What ’ s the matter ? What annoy you 
It ’ s so wet and dark , I ’ m just fed up 
Wow ! What ’ s the hold up 
It ’ s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend . Nobody sticks around in the summer 
Really ? Then , I guess I won ’ t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab 
Actually , you might because there ’ s a big convention in town this weekend 
I ’ m not too worried about it . I always seem to find something 
Good evening . Welcome to Cherry's . Do you have a reservation 
No , we don't 
How many of you , please 
Six , including two kids 
I'm afraid all the big tables are taken 
Operator 
Hello . I'd like to make a call to Australia 
You can call direct if you like 
Oh , can I 
Yes , please 
Could you please tell me the international prefix and the country code for Australia 
Yes , the code for Australia is 61 and then dial the city code and the number . Start with the international code which is 00 
What time do the special rates apply 
Between six in the evening and eight in the morning , sir 
I wonder if I can charge this call to my hotel room 
Certainly . Tell me the room number and your name , please 
This is Mr . Ma in room 215 
OK , Mr . Ma . I'll tell the front desk clerk the charge afterwards 
Thanks very much for your help 
You're welcome . Bye 
Bye 
How is the college search going 
It's a huge headache . I have no idea what I want to do 
But don't you want to study music ? Shouldn't it be easy 
It should be , but there are too many options . My grades are good enough that I have a lot of choices , but after that ..
I know . You have to decide if you want to attend a school in a city or in the country , a big school or a small school , a public or private school ..
Yup , you understand . And my parents are trying to pressure me into going to a Catholic college . They both attended one and think that it combines a good education with good discipline . And the tuition 3 is usually pretty low 
I see . Well , don't forget to talk to the college counselor at the school . He usually gives good advice and can help point you in the right direction.He gave me some information , and next week I'm going to take a look at some of the colleges he recommended 
Thanks for the information . And good luck in your college search 
OK , that ’ s fine . Bye 
What happened 
That ’ s it , my lease is up . I have to move 
What ? Why ? Can ’ t you renew it 
The owner apparently is selling this place to make way for the construction of a parking lot
Well , I can help you pack . We should start looking for a new place for you ASAP 
I think I might move in with my parents for a couple of months until I can find something . You know how hard it is to find a decent place around here . I ’ m gonna have to put most of my stuff in storage for a while 
Well , let me know if there ’ s anything I can do to help out 
Actually , would you mind looking after my pet tarantula and snake for a couple of weeks 
Hehe .. sure
Henry , do you know how much we spent this month 
No , I'm not clear 
we've spent $ 1,000 
Don't make a fuss.The price is rising
So , you finally got your doctorate in genetics . Well done 
Thanks . Now , I have to find a job 
What are you thinking of doing 
I ’ d like to conduct some scientific research into genes . It would be wonderful to make a medical breakthrough 
There must be several private companies that are interested in employing someone like you . You could do some research for a university . There ’ s a lot of discussion about genetics nowadays . Someone wit
Many companies and universities investing resources in genetics , because there are so many possibilities . Few people know where next discoveries will be made 
Well , I hope scientists don ’ t decode to make a clone of me in the future ! I wouldn ’ t like to be the subject of an experiment 
I ’ m having a problem 
What ’ s the problem 
A pipe burst in my wall 
Is the pipe causing any water damage 
The water is causing mildew 
I can come fix the pipe sometime tomorrow 
Can I just call someone myself to fix it 
I don ’ t think that would be a good idea 
You won ’ t do it until tomorrow 
I guess you have a point 
So , I can call someone to fix it 
Go right ahead 
What is your salary now 
My present pay is RIB 3 , 000 yuan each month 
What's your expected salary 
What is important to me is the job and the people who I will be working with , so regarding salary , I leave it to you and I am sure that you will make me a fair offer 
I can offer you 5 , 000 yuan per month . Raises are given after three months ' probation period according to your performance . Is this satisfactory 
Yes , it is quite satisfactory . I accept it 
Any question about the work 
To whom should I report 
The general manager of your section 
What are the benefits 
We'll offer that on holidays 
I would like to know if there would be any opportunity to work abroad in the future 
Yes , we have inspection abroad 
Thank you . Then I think it's time for us to sign a letter of intent 
Okay 
May I help you 
What's the price of the bread 
2.50 Yuan 
And how much is the coca cola 
3.00 Yuan 
Here is ten Yuan 
Here is your change , please 
Thank you 
Welcome to my shop next time 
Mr . Brown , I'd like to talk with you about something that is getting to be a problem . I'd like , if possible , to see it settled at this meeting 
What is it , Mrs . Wang 
It's about the quality of 300 cartons of dried mushrooms . They reached us two weeks ago , and were immediately examined after they arrived . To our astonishment , about 20 % of them were moldy and in many cartons there were even small brownish bugs crawling in and out of the half eaten mushrooms . We can't accept them in this state . They are unfit for human consumption . And the Medical Officer of Health has issued a Stop Notice on them 
Is that so ? So far we haven't had any complaint of this kind . Our mushrooms have enjoyed a good reputation for their superior quality for years . We are really at a loss to understand why your lot was found moldy and wormeaten . Have you any evidence 
Certainly . Here's a survey report by a well-known lab in London , whose testimony is absolutely reliable 
Though everything may be as you say , there are many factors involved . What's more , your surveyors have not mentioned any cause for the damage 
The mushrooms were packed in small one pound plastic bags , sixty of these bags to a carton . It is stated on the surveyor ? s report that external conditions of goods at the time of survey are all sound and intact . So it is obvious the cause of the damage is that the mushrooms were not completely dried before packing 
As you know , before shipment , the Commodity InspectionBureau inspected the goods in question . They concluded that the goods were well dehydrated from fresh and choice material and up to standard for export 
I think the Inspection Bureau at your end , when effecting inspection , only selected a few package at random these happened to be up to the standard . The part that was not dried properly , most probably , escaped their attention . As the amount in question is only 20 % of the whole shipment , I think it is only reasonable that you should compensate us for the loss 
The inspection certificate , which is based on a random selection of 20 % of the consignment as we've agreed on beforehand , is considered final and binding upon both parties . We do not accept any claims for compensation for loss incurred in transit , because you bought the goods F . O . B . Houston and on shipping quality , not on landed quality . Your claim , in our opinion , should be referred to the insurance company , as the mishap occurred after shipment 
We've already got in touch with the underwriter . But they have refused to accept any liability . They attributed the accident to the effects of dampness during the long sea voyage 
That's a matter over which we could exercise no control , then . I'm afraid I have to insist that you approach the insurance company for settlement , that is , if you have covered this risk in your coverage 
To my regret , we failed to cover contamination . This is an unfortunate oversight on our part and a lesson to us 
Otherwise the insurance company would no doubt have entertained your case 
Well , live and learn . It seems we'll have to waive the claim 
I think I've looked everywhere , but I haven't seen a swimming pool here 
This hotel has no full-size pool , but we do have swim stations in our gym 
Swim stations ? Whoever heard of such a thing 
You swim in a swim station just like you run on a treadmill 
All that exercise in a little pool ! Do I have to pay anything 
The swim stations are available to all guests for no charge 
Very good . Now can you tell me the hours of operation 
They're available anytime between 7 a . m . and 10 p . m . , seven days a week 
Wow ! I can't wait to change into my trunks 
The swim stations are very popular , sir . I hope you don't find a line down there 
Hello , this is Steven from Blue Sky Co . May I speak to Mr . James 
Speaking 
Excuse my troubling you . You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings . Are they still in good condition now 
Yeah , exactly ! I bought them last year . En ... at present , they are still in good state 
That's it ! All of them have first-class quality and performance . Besides , we adopt advanced technology . Now we have developed new products . They are much better than what you have bought 
Your company is developing so fast . Maybe later on I will plan to buy more 
That's great ! Thanks for your support . If any , please remember to call us . I am afraid I have to say goodbye now ! Bye , Mr . James 
Bye 
Excuse me , Professor . I am going to miss next week's class 
Is this something that you could schedule for another time 
No , I have to do this ; it's important 
Have you arranged for someone to take notes for you 
I've made arrangements with a friend to help me 
You know that I only allow one absence per semester , don't you 
Yes , I know 
Write down your name and the date on a piece of paper and give it to me 
OK , I can do that 
Well , have a good day off from class 
I have to get to Chicago by tomorrow and you're telling me that there are no flights 
I'm very sorry , sir . I could put you on a waiting list , but you would be wise to check out other means of travel 
You mean like a bus ? Have you ever traveled for ten hours on a bus before 
I have not sir . But I do have a number for a very comfortable bus that goes to Chicago every hour from here 
Alright , give me the number . But put me on that waiting list as well 
Here is the number , and your name is on the waiting list 
How many people are on the waiting list right now 
Right now I show that there are 176 people on the list . And you are number 176 
How long do I have to wait 
Two hours.That area is a little backward 
I see.The bus doesn't come so often as in cities 
You're right 
How much will our order from your factory be 
I'll be happy to get back to you with an estimate in the next few days 
I'm afraid I can't wait that long . Can your office at least provide me with a ballpark figure 
Well , I would need an idea of how large your order would be . About how many units would you need 
Just give me an estimated figure for an order of 100 units 
Please give me a few minute to calculate ... Our asking price should be about $ 100 per unit with an order of 100 . Is that price acceptable to you 
Your estimated is seems a little high to me , we're willing to pay $ 80 per unit 
Would an order of only 100 units , it'll be difficult to work within that kind of budget . Maybe if you were ordering 500 units or more units , we might be able to work something out 
Thank you for coming tonight , Mrs . Webber . As a teacher , it's great seeing the kid's parents assist our parent-teacher conference night 
Of course ! I am very interested to know how my child is doing and also get some insight from you as to how he can improve 
Well Allen is a great student . He is a hard worker and very well behaved , however he does struggle a bit with math 
I guess he gets that from me , I never did well in math when I was a kid . What can I do at home to compliment what he is learning in the classroom 
Well , it's important that you sit with him and review his homework assignments and help him with math . I would also recommend he stay after school twice a week for tutoring sessions . It will really help a lot 
Thanks a lot ! I will definitely do that . Is there anything else 
Um ... yes . Here is a notice from our financial department , seems your child's Tumion is overdue 
Oh yes , I ..
Welcome to IBA . What can we do for you today 
Hello . I'm a Financial Manager in a local company and we'd like to open a Foreign Currency Account with you 
I see . That shouldn't be a problem , Sir . Which currency would you require 
We have recently started doing a lot of business with British companies , so we'd like to open a GAP account . How should we go about this 
The first step is to fill in the Account Opening Application and the accompanying Seal Card , stamped with your company's seal . I mean , the business seal and the corporate seal . We also need your Business Licence and the Enterprise Standard Code Certificate . Then we can go on to the next step 
That's great . Let's begin as soon as possible 
To start with , may I know why you are interested in working for our company 
First of all , as far as I know , your company has had impressive records in business . Second , I want to enter the foreign trade field 
What was your chief responsibility in your past work 
I am in charge of marketing activities in South-East Asia , for example , organizing trade conferences and arranging exhibitions 
Good morning . My name is Penny White . I'm new here 
Nice to meet you . My name is Tyler Smith . Let's go to your office desk , follow me please 
OK 
Here is your working place . Nancy will come to show you how to set up the telephones . I'm going to call her now so that you can get started . Is that OK 
Yes , that's OK . I'm glad to get started 
If you have any further questions , just ask me 
OK . Thank you very much 
You are welcome . Have a nice day 
How many languages can you speak 
Besides Chinese , I can speak English and French 
You mean you can read and write both of them 
No , I can only carry on a simple conversation in French 
Can you read and write English well 
I can speak the language better than read and write 
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries 
I think so . I used to be an interpreter 
Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work 
The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work . I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm 
Would you care for a drink 
No , thanks . I'm fine 
Good evening , may I help you 
Yes . I would like to book a table for 2 at 7:30 tomorrow evening 
I am sorry , there are so many travelers that all our tables have been booked on that day 
In that case , please put my name in your waiting list . We know you are quite a good restaurant 
Thank you , sir . We will phone you as soon as we have a vacant table 
hey , Tom , did you enjoy your lunch 
oh , don't mention it . It was terrible 
what ' the matter 
the food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone 
I see . You simply can't blame the server for this 
yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district 
that's true 
anyway , how was your such , Catherine 
it was good . I brough lunch from home today 
you did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America 
well , I personally don't like then because i don't believe they are healthy 
i guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat 
yes . I am wondering that you must believe fast food is your lifestyle , don't you 
you bet . Almost all top brands such as McDonald's and KFC are from America 
well , actually two-thirds of Americans may avoid these places 
seriously 
yeah , it's hard to believe but true 
Good evening , sir . Are you ready to order now 
Yes . I'd like to try Chinese food . But I don't know anything about it 
Chinese food is divided into eight big cuisines , such as Cantonese food , Sichuan food , Fujisan food , etc . Our restaurant is famous for Sichuan style 
Is there any difference between Cantonese food and Sichuan food 
Yes . Cantonese food is lighter while Sichuan food is spicy and hot 
Really ? I like hot food . Can you make a few suggestions 
How about the eggplant and minced pork in dry red chili sauce and the ' Tofu ' beancurd ? They are our specialties 
OK . I ’ ll have them . Is there any soup 
Yes . Sour soup of Sichuan style . It's our chef ’ s recommendation 
That ’ s fine . I'll have a try 
Sir , your dish will take 5 minutes to prepare . While waiting , would you like anything to drink 
Martini , please 
OK , sir . We'll try our best to serve you as soon as possible 
Would you like to come to our party 
I'd like to . But I'm not myself today 
what happened ? You look so pale 
It's the end of the world for me 
What makes you say that 
Today , I'm told I failed three courses 
Oh , that's too bad . Work harder next term 
I'm such a fool that duplication of effort is only a waste of time to me 
Don't loose heart . Everything will be fine 
I hope so 
What would you like today 
Let me get a hamburger 
Do you want cheese on it 
No cheese 
Can I get you something to drink 
Can I get a soda , please 
What kind do you want 
I'd like a Sprite 
Would you like anything else 
I'd like a bag of Doritos with that 
Is that all 
That'll be all 
Look , there's no way we can convince people they need fresh motor oil every morning 
No , but you can let them know that yours is the cream of the crop-the purest motor oil in the world . Careful , hold it by the java jacket . This coffee drink has half and half-what do you think 
It tastes funny . Why can't people just stick to plain and simple coffee 
That's just the point ! Purity is the essence of good coffee , right 
I'm not sure , is this our stop 
Yeah , get off the bus 
Do you have any idea where we are 
I'm really not sure 
This can't be the right stop 
I don't think this is right 
We got off too early , didn't we 
Yeah , we did get off too early 
I should've just stayed on the bus 
I messed up 
Great , we have to walk now 
You want to wait for the next bus 
Jenny , what's wrong with you ? Why do you keep weeping like that 
Mary told me that she had seen you with John last night . I got to know the fact that you are playing the field 
Honey , cross my heart , I'v never looked at another woman since the first day I set my eyes on you ! Believe me , that's the truth 
I really need to find a parking spot 
Are you looking for a space on or off campus 
Do you know any spaces on campus 
You can park in the student parking structure 
Where is it located 
You'll find the parking structure on the west side of the campus 
Do you have any idea if the parking structure has any spaces left 
Last time I checked , it was pretty empty 
What time was it when you went up there 
That was earlier this morning 
It wouldn't be full right now , would it 
I have no idea 
Can I help you 
Yes , would you like to tell me what's playing for tonight 
Sure . There is a folk concert tonight 
Are there any good seats left 
Sorry . There are only some seats in the back 
Well , what time does it begin 
It begins at 7 p . m .
OK . I see 
How many tickets do you want 
Just two 
OK . Fifty yuan for each 
Here is the money 
Will I get notification that I qualify for unemployment 
The Employment Development Office will send you a Notice of Unemployment Insurance Award letter 
What is contained in that letter 
In addition to telling you how much you will receive , the beginning and ending dates of your claim will be included 
Will the Award Letter tell me what I need to fill out next 
You will receive a Continued Claim Form and every two weeks , you must turn it in 
When I fill out the Continued Claim Form , what will I need to tell them 
You must show where and when you tried to look for work . If you earned any money , you need to tell them about it 
What other information does the form ask for 
You have to tell them if you were too sick to work on any of the days that you should have been looking for work 
Hey , Mary , nice to see you again . I heard you're going back home to the U . S 
Yes . I'm leaving tomorrow . I came here just because I want to say good-bye to you 
You're so thoughtful . Wish you a good trip home . And we'll miss you 
I'll miss you too , my friends 
Overseas operator 
I would like to make a collect call to Taipei , Taiwan , please 
Your name , please 
Tim Chen 
What's the number , please 
The area code is 2 , and the number is 2367-9960 
The line is connected . Please go ahead 
You look so excited . What happened 
You are not going to believe this . Do you remember the dress we saw at Mayors that was so beautiful and expensive ? I got it today at half price 
So they have started the year end sale earlier this year 
How can you stay so calm ? Aren't you going to take a look to see if there is anything for you 
I guess I'll wait a few more days . There maybe even bigger discount then 
But there won't be anything good left 
Where are you going to spend your holidays this year , Harry 
We may go abroad . I ’ m not sure . My wife wants to go to Egypt . I ’ d like to go there , too . We can ’ t make up our minds 
Will you travel by sea or by air 
We may travel by sea 
It ’ s cheaper , isn ’ t it 
It may be cheaper , but it takes a long time 
I ’ m sure you will enjoy yourselves 
Don ’ t be so sure . We may not go anywhere . My wife always worries too much . Who ’ s going to look after the dog ? Who ’ s going to look after the house ? Who ’ s going to look after the garden ? We have t
Mrs.Smith , time has stood still with you 
Thank you.You ' re partial 
I'm not flattering you.You ' re full of energy every day 
It's nice to hear that anyway 
The new webpage design is much more effective than before . I feel confident it will rope in a lot more business because of its user-friendly format 
Why do you think the new page is so much better than the old page ? I thought the old page wasn't half bad ..
The old page was okay , alright , but there wasn't a big influence in our sales volume , because the site wasn't developed with an eye towards the marketing aspect . Now it's different . We got our marketing department team in on the action , and the results are smashing ..
What changes were made from the old page to the new page 
First , the visitors to the site are encouraged to give their contact information . They can sign up for a free monthly drawing . Once we've got their info , it goes into a database for future marketing mailers and advertising targeting . Also , there are clear links to descriptions of our products and services , so as to give confidence to new customers . We also added a specific area for on-line customer service ... So far we've gotten a ton of positive feedback ..
Great 
It's said that John's broken up 
Really ? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot 
I hear that John's leading a double wife 
It's very bad of him to cheat on a lady like his wife 
The buildings are really magnificent 
Yes , millions of travelers come here every year for the view of the buildings 
The journey is worth while . Where are we going after this 
We will visit the Statue of Liberty as scheduled 
The mailboxes are right down there , and the laundry room with coin-operated washers and dryers is over there 
I see . Well , it's nothing spectacular , but it's pretty cheap for an apartment in a decent neighborhood ... O . K . , I think I'll take it 
All right , do you want to sign a nine-month or a one-year lease 
I think I'll sign a nine-month lease in case I decide not to go to summer school . I can extend it if I want to stay , can't I 
Sure . Just let us know before your lease expires 
Can I have the check please 
Right away , sir 
Is this amount correct 
Yes , sir , it is 
Thank you , the service was good
Please come again 
Where shall I register , please 
Here . Do you have a registration card 
Yes . Here you are 
Please register your information here and pay for it . And I ’ ll make a medical record for you 
OK . How much do I need to pay for the registration 
Please pay ten yuan for the registration 
Here is my money 
This is your registration card . Please don ’ t lose it and bring it whenever you come 
Yes , I will . But can you tell me how to get to the consulting room 
Go down this way until you come to the drugstore . Make a left turn and it's just there 
Where did you work as a teacher before 
I taught English in a primary school in Beijing 
What teaching experience have you had 
I am equipped with much experience in teaching for more than 30 years and I also edit teaching materials by myself 
what a nice uniform 
thanks ; do you like it 
not really . I was being sarcastic . Does it come with the job 
yes , everyone on the sales floor has to wear one . They're supposed to make us look more professional 
they're not actually that bad . They could be worse . What do you think about it 
I don't mind it , actually . I don't have to worry about what I'm going to wear every day 
so are you enjoying your new job 
it's much better than my old one . My new boss is great 
how do you like working in sales 
I like the fact that I get to work with people . It makes the day go by much faster 
that's good . Have you met Jane yet ? She's the intern in the international travel department 
yeah , I've met her . She's a genius saleswoman 
I know ! She could sell fridges to Eskimos 
how do you know her 
she's my cousin 
why didn't you tell me about that before 
I don't know . I didn't think it was that interesting 
well , now that I know that , maybe we should all go out for dinner sometime 
that's a good idea . Let's discuss after work 
We still have an important attraction 
What is that 
Melbourne Zoo 
What's special about Melbourne Zoo 
The place is a must-see . This zoo was built in 1862 , and it's the oldest zoo in the world , and still among the best . There are more than 3,000 species of animals here , including the popular kangaroos , wallabies , koalas , and wombats 
Are the animals caged 
Most animals are not locked up in tiny cages . Rather , they are set in almost natural surroundings or well-tended gardens 
That's really special 
Of course , I'm sure you will like it 
What is your favorite pastime 
Fishing . It's great fun 
Is it ? Mine is climbing mountains on Sunday mornings 
No wonder you always look so active 
Excuse me , could you please take a picture for us 
Sure . Where would you like to stand 
Over here with the waterfall in the background , please 
OK 
Then just press the black button all the way down 
Are you ready ? Here we go . Say Cheese 
It could be the battery . Let me Check it 
Is it the battery 
Yes , the battery is dead 
Do you have an extra battery 
No , I've only got one . OK , thank you all the same 
If you don't mind , you can use my camera and leave your address with me so I can send you the photos later 
That's so kind of you . Thank you very much 
You're welcome . Now smile ..
Do you have a boyfriend 
Yes . Why 
Well , I came to know a girl 3 weeks ago and we have so much in common 
So 
So I think I may fall in love with her 
You are attracted to her . That sounds great , but how do you know that it is a crush or it's real love 
Then what's the difference between having a crush and falling in love 
That's a big question . Well , if you are in love , maybe you ’ ll take every opportunity to talk to her or telephone her for no reason at all 
That's what I did 
And you think about her all the time 
Yes 
And maybe you suddenly have new interests . I mean you suddenly begin to do things you used to avoid , ie.You used to sleep in every morning , but because she jogs every morning , then you begin to like jogging 
That's it . She likes dogs so much now , and I begin to love dogs 
Oh , congratulations ! Sounds like you ’ Ve found your soul mate 
Thanks . But I know falling in love is one thing , while staying in love is another 
Yeah , that's right . If you find this person is more and more important to you and you can totally trust her , then you can stay in love 
Yeah . Falling in love is so good 
While staying in love is even better 
I don't think the lecture is very interesting 
The lecturer is dull , too 
I feel he's like a talking machine 
I feel the same way 
Ann , let's go , or we will be late 
What time is it 
It is already 10:25 
Well , we still have about 15 minutes 
What time did you say the train is leaving 
12:05 . And it takes only 20 minutes to get to the station by bus 
Yes , but what will happen if the bus is late 
Relax , those buses run every 10 minutes , so we have plenty of time 
( still on the bus . ) What time is it 
It is a quarter to twelve 
Oh dear , we will miss our train 
Hello , Walter 
Yes . Hi , what's up 
I was wondering if you wanted to go for a walk with us 
I'm afraid not . I'm sick . I have a fever but I'm cold , and I threw up earlier 
Oh , man . I hope you get to feeling better 
I would feel better if you came over and took care of me 
OK , then . I'll be there in a minute 
( after a while ... ) Walter ! Where are you 
I'm in the bathroom 
What took you so long 
Gross . Diarrhea 
It's not so bad 
OK , whatever , I don't want to hear about it . I'll call the doctor for you 
It's just that you have to be patient and try to relax 
Enough . I don't want to hear any more about your bathroom time 
Why not ? Oh well , I'm ready to eat . No need call the doctor . If we run to the restaurant , I can make it to the restroom and you can order 
Are you sure you want to go 
To the restroom ? I have no choice 
Is this the Friendship Hospital ? Please send an ambulance to 68 Hu Nan Road 
Is it urgent ? Our ambulances are not enough to meet every call 
Of course . It's urgent . I think the partie nt is suffering from acute appendicitis . He may die if not treated in time 
All right , we'll come right away 
( after a while ... ) Where's the patient 
He's there in the room . He's very ill 
Don't worry . We'll put him in the stretcher . You are coming with us ? Step in please 
Carry him into the emergency ward . Here we are 
Help the patient bathe and change his clothes , nurse . Then bring him into the operating room 
( after a while ... ) I'm his guide . What's the trouble with him , doctor
He had appendicitis , but is all right now that it was removed . He'll have to rest for a few weeks to recover 
May I send food for him 
No , outside food is not permitted 
Can I come round to see him tomorrow 
Yes . But first you must observe the visiting hours , It's from 2 to 5 p . m . By the way , consult the nurse before you enter the ward 
Yes . Thank you 
By the way , you can bring some flowers 
OK 
Don't worry about him 
When could I take care of him 
Our nurse can take good care of him 
My Buddha ! ! It's beautiful ! But I thought you were afraid 
Actually , I was watching your auction all along . I saw you drop out at $ 250 
You sneak 
I watched Buddha buyer go up to $ 315 . I waited until the very last minute and then I jumped in at $ 325 ! I sniped him 
But that's a lot of money ! Honey 
Hey , what's the matter 
It doesn't matter . I just feel a little dizzy 
Are you sure that this has nothing to do with sleep 
I don't know 
Well , Peter , you have to do better than that next time , won ’ t you 
Have I really got to do those exams again , Dad 
Of course , you have . You must try harder this time 
And must I go back to school 
No , you needn ’ t do that . You ’ d better get a part-time job somewhere and go to evening classes 
But Dad , I should be working full-time at my age . I ’ m nearly 17 
You ought to have worked harder then you wouldn ’ t have failed your exams . You have to take a job and study 
What else I ’ Ve got to do ? Join the army 
Who knows ! That might come to later 
Hello , Mr . Jones . We need to have a meeting to discuss our deal 
Shall I come to your office this afternoon 
That would be great ! How about 2:30 
Have you ever been to Xi ’ an 
Yes , I ’ Ve been there several times on business trips . But I have never really seen the terra-cotta warriors as it is outside the city 
I ’ Ve heard many people saying that it is a place worth touring . I really want to see the old walls and terra-cotta warriors one day . Of course I won ’ t miss the local food either . You know , the sites interests a food in scenery , food is a key factor when visiting a place 
I agree . As long as the food is not too bizarre once I saw some people eating insects . That is frightening 
Sure it is . Is it convenient to get there by plane 
Well , the airport is quite far from the downtown area , but it is still more convenient than taking the train 
There was something wrong with the plane last Thursday 
Which flight 
Flight 198 . Fortunately , there were few passengers 
How about the passengers 
Well , all the passengers and crew members landed on their feet finally 
Emily , what kind of report is this 
What do you mean , Mr . Smith ? You said to make it brief 
Don't get smart with me . Here , do it again , but do it right this time 
What do you think of when you're praying 
I try to picture the Lord's face in my mind 
Does that help you faith 
Yes 
Excuse me , how can I fill in this blank ? What does marital status mean 
Are you married 
No , I'm still single 
Then , you put S in this blank 
I've got a bone to pick with you over your last shipment to Dalian . A part of the goods were damaged in transit 
I'm very sorry to hear that 
Please handle future shipments with more care 
We'll take great care 
Excuse me , haven't we met somewhere before 
Yes , I'm Jame , your neighbor when you lived in here last year 
Oh , I see.Glad to see you here 
Me too 
I wonder whether I could possibly borrow your new bicycle now 
Sorry , I'm using it myself.But you can use it this afternoon 
Thank you very much 
Which team do you think will emerge with the last laugh in this World Cup 
I wish it could be Germany . But it seems they are not in a very good conditions 
No , they aren't . They had a hard time in the group stage and only sealed a sit in the eighth-finals with Wallack ' s header in the final three minutes . Just think , group A consists of Austria , China , and Saudi Arabia , all of which are minnows 
It seems they've been out of luck since the beginning of the event . Their shots hit the woodwork as many as six times . Oh . my goodness ! I'm afraid the team is under a spell 
Well , at least the Germans have demonstrated a very good ability to control the midfield . They recorded a total of 62 tackles in the match against Austria . And they to be endowed with perfect positional sense . I think that will give rise to scoring chances sooner or later 
I agree . Eeven though German attackers are not good at dribbling past opposing defenders , they breach the defensive line through quick movements to the right attacking positions and through accurate , well-timed passes 
That's why I still have very high hopes for the team . Now that the tournament has proceeded into the knock-out stage , the Germans will probably make it through to the finals 
Yes . They have a good reputation for their tenacity and discipline , especially in vital , decisive encounters 
The May holiday is coming up soon . Are you planning on going on vacation 
I am . I just went to the travel agent ’ s and picked up these brochures 
Where are you planning on going 
I fancy going to Tibet for a few days . Have you ever been there 
I went a long time ago , before they built the new train that can take you there 
Would you recommend going there for a few days 
Personally , I think it ’ d be better to go when you have more time . A few days isn ’ t really enough to get acclimatize yourself and to go on a few excursions outside of the capital 
You ’ re probably right . What do you think about Yangshao 
It ’ s a beautiful city , but I think it ’ s become too touristy . How about going to a cosmopolitan city like Shanghai or Hong Kong 
I ’ d like to get away from the big city life 
Maybe you should consider going to a hot springs resort outside of Beijing . I heard they are very relaxing 
I guess if I only have a few days , I should probably think about going somewhere that isn ’ t so far away 
Since the May holiday is the high season , you should probably call ahead to reserve a room . Here ’ s the phone number 
Thanks , I ’ ll give them a call later 
Remittance Advice , how can I help you 
I want to send some money to Hangzhou . Today , if possible 
That's no problem . There are 3 ways you can do this , firstly you can send the money account to account , or you can choose to send cash to account or you can send cash to individual . Which service would you like 
I think account to individual would be best . But which is the quickest way 
If you choose our Urgent Remittance Service the money can be there within 2 hours . There will be a 1 % handling fee and then you need to pay 12 RIB for the Express Delivery Service 
Right , that's fine . I'd like it to get there as quickly as possible 
Hi . Bob ! We've been working hard at our lessons for a fortnight . So why don't we take it easy this weekend 
Okay ! What do you suggest 
How about seeing a play ? I hear Hamlet is on at the National Theater 
Is that so ? Why not 
( looking at a newspaper ) Oh , dear me ! There's no performance at the National theater this weekend . So we have to go to cinema instead 
What's on 
Let me see .. um . Gone With the Wind . It is on at six cinemas on Saturday night 
That sounds interesting . Which is the nearest 
Ah . The Royal , I think 
What time does it start 
Why don't we go to the 7:30 show ? It is convenient to us , I think 
But we won't have enough time for dinner 
Do you want to go to the earlier or the later show 
Ah ... I fancy going to the later show 
Then , there's a 9:30 show 
That's Okay , I think 
All right 
Hi , Is that David 
Hi , Jenny . It's David here 
Hey , what's new 
Not much . My girlfriend just dumped me 
Sorry to hear that . What happened 
Well , she told me things just weren ’ t working out and we weren ’ t right together . But I thought things were just great . Why did she say this ? It's completely out of the blue 
Hey , that ’ s not the girl with pink hair , is it ? The girl I saw with Jack yesterday 
What ? She was cheating on me with that ugly guy . Oh , no , I feel like such a loser 
Hey , she is not worth it . Forget her 
But she lied to me 
Hey , she is not worth it . Anyway , there are plenty more fish in the sea . Listen , let's go for a drink in the town . How about that 
Ok , then 
But you have to promise me that you are not gonna wear that face 
What face 
The one where you look like your dog just died . You have to get over her and the sooner the better 
Yeah , I know . You are right 
When it comes to select a fund , you will always read Past performance is not an indication of future results , can you believe that 
Maybe it is right since everything is possible . You know the market changes quickly these days . But I still have doubted those funds with bad stock performance . For me , his stock record is the very important criteria to decide which to buy . I really want to decrease the risk reach the minimum and achieve the maximum returns 
If you refuse to take risk , you can ’ t have better returns 
I will think about it 
Did you see Ally Mabel last night 
Yes , I did . Did you 
Yes , wasn't it funny 
Oh yes , I loved it . Wasn't the scene with the judge great 
Ha , yes , brilliant 
Who do you think is the greatest novelist in the history of English literature 
Charles Dickens.Actually no one can parallel him in writing 
I'm afraid I can't agree with you on that . I like D.H.Laurence ' s novels better 
It is difficult for old people to do away with old ideas 
So the reform can not be carried out well 
The government is making efforts to change situation 
Easier said than done 
How about another beer 
No , thanks . I've had more than enough.In fact , I must be running along 
Stay around for a while.The party is warming up 
I'm afraid I have to leave . I have to be up early tomorrow 
This shirt you gave me is not my favorite brand 
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth ! That was the best they had 
Do you have any night tours 
Yes , we will depart in 10 minutes 
Is that a guided tour 
Yes , it is 
That's fine . Let's get on the bus 
Have you anything to declare 
One bottle of perfume and a watch 
Where did you buy it 
In Boston 
Do you travel a lot 
Oh ... I go to see my sister twice a year or so 
Twice a year ? How long has your sister lived in Boston 
Nearly ten years 
I see , that's a long time.How much was the watch 
I can't remember , but I've got the receipt somewhere.Would you like to see it 
Yes , I'd like to see the receipt.Oh ! I see you bough the watch last week 
Yes.Does that mean I'll have to pay duty on it 
Yes , I'm afraid you will.Altogether on the watch and the perfume you owe me seven pounds 
Ok.Here you are.Is that all right now 
Yes , that's fine . I hope you enjoyed your stay in Boston 
Yes , I did . I had a fine time 
Hello , is it necessary to do warm-up exercise ? I can't wait to dive into the water 
I'm sorry . Every customer coming here must do the warm-up exercise before getting down to swimming . That's out regulation 
Yeah , I see . You are just doing your job . But I wanna know what the advantages it has 
OK , lovely boy . Try to be patient . Do you know the danger of swimming without warm-up 
As far as I know , people will be weak if they swim too long 
That's right . But the most dangerous thing is that their legs may spasm out of control when swimming 
Is it very dangerous ? I'm a little scared . Do you offer the lifebuoy for us 
Yes , besides that , we also provide our customers with goggles , swimming suit and something like that 
Do you have the workers to save me if anything should happen 
Of course , all the workers here are able to swim , and they will come to your aid quickly 
Could I trouble you for a minute , Mr . Graham 
Sure , Emily . How can I help you 
I would like to leave a few minutes early today . Would that be all right 
That ’ s fine , as long as you can get that report typed up before you leave 
Hello , sir . I'm ready for you 
Is it my turn 
Yes , please sit on the chair.How do you want to have your hair cut 
Not too long.Cut a little off behind and on both sides , too 
OK.Now lean back a little and keep still . I'm going to shave your face 
By the way miss , where is the toilet 
Toilets are in the rear , I am afraid all the toilets are fully occupied at the moment 
What ? Oh , what we live ! Thank you very much for your help , miss 
You are welcome 
What are the most popular sports in your country 
Swimming in summer and skating in winter.What ' s your favorite sport 
Jogging and bowling . Do you know how to practise Bungfu 
No I don't But l do Taijiquan or Shadow boxing.People everywhere in China usually do Taijiquan early in the morning.It can help people keep fit.It has a history of over three hundred years 
Is it easy to learn 
Yes . it is I can teach you if you like 
Thank you . I can teach you how to bowl 
Right . Let's help each other 
It's getting late , and I have to go now 
We're sorry you have to leave 
Please excuse me , won't you 
Certainly . Come back soon 
What's the date today Mr.Brown ? I don't have a calendar 
Today is Tuesday , 25th September , 2001 
25th Sep ? Oh , I have an appointment tonight 
What time is your appointment 
It is at 8 o'clock 
What time is now ? Do you have the correct time 
I don't know what time it is 
It must be about 6 o'clock 
I have to go now . I don't want to be late 
You won't be late . It's still early 
Excuse me , sir . What can I do for you 
Is dinner served 
Yes , sir 
Please give me some chicken 
OK . Would you like something to drink in advance ? We have all kinds of sodas , juices , beers and wines 
Thank you , you are so thoughtful . I think I could use some beers right now 
How are your Chinese lessons going 
Oh I ’ m learning very slowly . I think Chinese is more difficult than English 
Well I guess you have fewer characters but I think Chinese grammar is easier 
Maybe , but I think people usually learn English more quickly than Chinese 
Yes , I guess basic speaking in the English is easier 
Maybe that ’ s why your English is much better than my Chinese 
Everyone wants to be financial lose kill . You must invest your savings if you planed to retire rich . I ’ m thinking about buying stocks . It can be a good investment if I can manage well . What do you say 
I partly agree with you . Buying stocks is not difficult , but making money consistently from buying stock is very difficult . Even professionals don ’ t find it easy , so be careful . Anyway , people like us need help with investing . Why not do some online research ? There are data , reports and discussion forums to educate people on how to invest . In addition , you need to visit an established website that offers stock charts 
Wow , you sound very professional 
I just watched the investment TV program last weekend . It has become a very hot topic these days . Actually I am not even a beginner 
Today is your birthday . First of all , happy birthday to you 
Thank you for coming . We will have dinner outside . Eat up 
Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet 
I'm glad to help you . What's wrong 
My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L.A.Hank and I will be flying there tonight 
I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her 
Doctors aren't sure yet.But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her 
You need a babysitter 
Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight.Maybe even for two nights 
I could have Suzy stay at my place 
I don't want to do that to you , Karen 
Why not 
Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days 
I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston.She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely 
I'd like to talk with her.This is short notice , I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight 
I'll get you her number . I hope she can do it . She is very responsible 
I'm glad you know someone . I knew you would be the best person to ask about this . I don't want to insult Jill or her mother . I think Jill maybe could do it.But I'd rather have someone a little older 
I'll go home and get Sara's number . I'll call her first myself 
Great . Then call me and let me know if she's free 
Hi , my name is Ted , what ’ s yours 
What 
I said , I ’ m Ted , who are you 
Huh ? Oh , my name is Laura 
Do you somewhere often , Laura 
Huh ? I can ’ t hear you , the music ’ s too loud 
Let ’ s go outside and talk . So Laura , do you come here often 
Hold on , my ears are still ringing from the music ... what was it you asked me 
I asked if you come here often 
Sometimes , usually once every few weeks . Do you 
No , this is my first time here 
I usually come with a group of friends . We dance a little , have a few drinks , and just have a good time 
Yeah , that ’ s why I ’ m here . My friends dragged me here , because they think I spend too much time studying 
That ’ s good . It ’ s good to hit the books , but you need to get out once in a while 
I guess so . But the music is too loud . I don ’ t mind getting out and meeting people , but next time I ’ ll do it in a park 
Hey , the pool's open now 
As of today it is . Memorial Day marks the end of the school year and the beginning of summer 
So it's time for the kids to get outdoors ..
... and for us to get tans in our new bikinis 
Not this Taiwanese girl . We don't like to get suntans 
That's smart these days with all the news on skin cancer . Hey , there's everybody ! We made it 
Maybe you'll get another chance at the statue 
I don't think so . Did you ever go and look at your stamp 
And let them ruin my life ? Forget it 
But you've been looking for that stamp for years 
It's not worth it . Besides , I have to save up to pay for some bills 
Bummer . I guess we're both out of luck 
Yeah . Well , I'll see you this weekend 
Thanks for inviting me to work out with you , Joan 
Don't mention it , let's go in 
Yeah , this place looks great . Wow , look at her , she can certainly get down , can't she 
She sure can . Are you jealous , Leslie 
A little , I wish I could do that 
You can ! With a little practice 
Look at him , he's buff 
I think he's hot too 
How do they all get in such tiptop shape 
Exercised over and over . Exercise is a key 
That's it . I decided to turn over a new leaf . I'm going to exercise every single day 
Good for you , Leslie 
Paul , what kind of music do you like to listen to 
All kinds , but mostly Pop , rock and classical . Why 
I have tickets to a show . Do you want to go with me 
What kind of music is it 
Pop . It's Maria Carey 
When is it 
At 8P M tomorrow night 
Yeah , I'd like to go . Do you think we should have dinner first 
Yes , that's a good idea 
Let's eat at the restaurant across the street from my apartment 
Oh , I think I know the place you mean . We ate there last month , right 
Yes , that's right . You have a good memory 
Oh , look at those earrings , Maria . They're perfect for you 
These red ones ? I'm not sure 
No , the yellow ones 
Oh , these ? Hmm ... Yellow isn't a good color for me 
Well , that necklace isn't bad 
Which one 
That blue one right there . How much is it 
It's $ 42 ! ! That's expensive 
Hey , let me get it for you . It's your birthday present 
How may I help you 
I ’ m having a problem 
What problem are you having 
There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ’ t make 
Do you have the statement for your card 
Here it is 
What are the charges you ’ re referring to 
The last four charges on the page 
I ’ m afraid we ’ re going to have to investigate these charges 
How long will an investigation take 
I honestly don ’ t know , but we will freeze payment on these charges 
That sounds absolutely fantastic 
How have you been 
Fine , thank you 
And how ’ s everyone in your family 
Very well , thank you . I ’ m meeting my wife and daughter for lunch at 12 , would you care to join us 
I ’ d love to but I ’ m afraid I can ’ t . I ’ Ve already got a lunch engagement 
My baggage is missing 
Do you have air ticket and claim tag 
Here they are 
Well , then , would you fill out this PIR from ? And also we need your signature here 
How soon would you deliver my baggage 
Hopefully by tomorrow evening.Which hotel are you going to stay 
At the down town Hilton Hotel 
When is the expected date of your departure 
I'm going to return next week 
Hurry up ! Mom , I can't wait any more 
Look out , honey . Let's come to the shoal waters . Follow me 
OK , Mom . Can I swim now ? I want to learn butterfly stroke 
Honey , listen to me . First , you should learn how to breathe in and breathe out 
Mom , it's so terrible . Water went down into my throat and I almost got drowned 
Do be patient , Honey . Let's do it slowly and correctly 
Oh , Mom , I think I'm not the right person for swimming 
Come on , sweetie , you've done very well . It is the first step that is tough 
Right , I'll make up my mind . Please correct me if any of my movements go wrong 
Yes , well done . That's the way to go . How clever you are ! You've got it 
Really ? I can't believe it . Everything is possible to a willing heart 
Exactly , next , you should hold your legs together and extend your arms above your head 
Yes , like a dolphin . Am I on the right track 
That's the way to go . Now , you are flying , my boy 
Could I have your name , please 
Kevin Belknap 
How do you spell your last name 
B-E-L-K-N-A-P 
Right . Thank you very much 
These are new arrivals 
Let me have a look 
Try them if you like 
I like the fabric , but I don ’ t like the style 
What about that one over there 
They are too bright 
Hello , Is this EYE computers 
Yeas , It is.Sewen Jes speaking.How can I help 
Actually , I'm calling to complain about your service . The computer I bought last week is faulty 
Oh , I'm sorry to hear that , sir.What exactly is problem 
Well , easily , It doesn't work . It doesn't even start probably 
Oh , dear ! I'll do well I can 
Do you want to know what really motivates Vince to be nice to me 
OK . What 
It isn't gratitude . It's fear . Vince is afraid I'll jump to a competitor 
You wouldn't do that . Would you 
I might . Vince knows he needs to keep me happy 
What about your accounts 
Hello . Can I sit here 
Yes 
By the way , I'm Robin 
Hi . My name is Jessica 
Nice to meet you 
Pleased to meet you too . And where are you from , Robin 
I'm from Kathmandu . What about you 
I'm from New York . Oh , this is my stop . Bye , Robin 
Bye . See you 
Hi . I want to open an account with you , so I can pay my bills by direct debit 
That's a very popular way to pay nowadays , totally hassle free 
Yes , that's what I thought . It's so much trouble coming down here or to the post office to pay all of my utility bills every month . So , what exactly do I need to do 
Please fill in this application and sign your name down here , at the bottom 
Here you go . Is that it 
I just need to see some ID , like a passport for example 
Here . What's the least I can pay in to get this account open 
We usually ask for 100 RIB , Sir 
OK , here you go 
So , that's everything done for you . Here's your new cheque book , the cheque guarantee will follow in the post in a couple of days 
I prefer potatoes to eggplants 
I feel eggplants are more nutritious 
But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better 
Oh , that's how you see it 
Can you lend me your car 
Nothing ' doing 
Where are you going 
To the office . I'll be right back 
Excuse me , sir 
Yes 
Is this your car 
Yes , it is 
I'm afraid you've parked on a double yellow line , sir 
Good heavens , am I really ? I'm so sorry , I didn't notice 
I'm sorry , sir , but I'll have to give you a ticket 
I see 
My I have your name , please , sir 
What's that book you have under your arm 
It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months 
How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn 
I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day 
Is it really worth paying for 
I can't tell yet . I haven't got beyond the first chapter 
If it's any good , I'll buy a copy when it comes out in the pocket edition 
They ’ ll do the operation for you this Friday 
But Saturday is my birthday 
I think it ’ s important to do now . We can have a birthday party for you when you come out of the hospital 
But it won ’ t be on my birthday 
But your health is more important . Believe me 
You would be using mainly English in this job . Do you think you can make yourself understood in English with ease 
Yes , I think I speak English quite fluently . I've often explained historical places in Xi'an to foreign tourists in English . They say my English is quite good 
How many years have you been learning English 
Oh , more than ten years . I started learning English when I was still in a primary school from a foreign teacher 
Well , perhaps that's the reason why you are so fluent in it 
Certainly 
Where are we going to visit today 
We are going to the national park 
Really ? I have heard there are many famous national park in the US , which one exactly 
The Yellow Rock National Park 
That's wonderful . I will see the Old Faithful for myself 
Dad , hurry ! The train is coming . Aha , I am a superman 
Don't rush , behave yourself please ! Let the people get off first 
Oh , we should . There are so many people . What if the train got full before we could get in 
But , if we all pushed our way in , nobody could get off , and nobody could get in either 
How many stops are there to the Aidan station 
There are four more stops 
Oh , my God 
What's wrong ? You are like a little monkey , on pins and needles 
Because I need to use the restroom . Is there a restroom on the train 
No , not on the train , but in the station 
Why not ? You told me that subway is a kind of train . If it had no restroom . what kind of train would that be 
Well , that is a question . You want to offer a suggestion 
Oh , yeah , but not today . I am busy with praying the subway may get there as fast as possible 
I guess you'll never forget today 
Rich ! I ’ m glad I caught you . Mr . Carlton ’ s just come over here from the main office 
Yeah ? What does he want 
He needs to see the two of us to talk about next week ’ s annual sales meeting 
I haven ’ t got two minutes at the moment . Can ’ t you go over things without me 
What experience do you have with office machinery 
I know how to use the telex machine , the photocopier , and the word processor . By the way , I took a computer course in university 
Where do you want to be in five years 
I want to be a manager 
Very good . Any questions 
Nothing . I think I'll take the job 
Do you know how to play go 
It's easy . All you have to do is to use your pieces to surround the opponent's pieces and then take over all of his territory 
But I heard it is very difficult to play 
It's easier said than done . When you actually play , it can be very frustrating 
Couldn't you extend the delivery period by two weeks ? That would make things much easier for us 
Well , you know the time of shipment means a lot to us 
I can understand , but our company is fully committed at the moment , and hundreds of clients are placing orders for delivery these days 
I see.OK , that's agreed then 
Why did you stay home today 
I'm off today 
Good afternoon , it's nice to see you again . Have you decided to go ahead and try for the Fixed Asset Loan 
I'm going to need some more info first . I was wondering about the repayments . How long would I have to pay back the loan 
That depends . Our repayment plans go from 1 year to 10 years . The Fixed Asset Loan is a long-term loan , you see . The loan can be paid in either monthly or quarterly instalments , to suit your needs 
And how much is payable in each instalment 
You will need to pay part of the principle sum and part of the interest due 
Well , as far as I can see , the advantages outweigh the disadvantages . You've sold me ! I'd like to go ahead 
Hi , I'm calling about the ad in the paper 
Which ad would that be 
For the job 
Good , which job is that ? We advertised several openings 
Oh ! It was for a market sale manager . Is that still available 
Yes , it is . But we'll be making a decision on it pretty soon . Why don't you come in and fill out an application 
What company is this for ? I mean where's the opening 
We can discuss that when you come in and fill out the application 
Well , I'm already in this field and know most of the companies . Before I come in to fill out an application , I need to know who it's with so I know whether or not I'm willing to work with them 
I'm afraid I can't discuss that over the phone 
So you're a headhunter 
We're an Employment Agency 
What's special for today 
Sweet and sour pro chops , Madam 
We'll have it for two people 
In a minute , Madam 
Where will it be 
Take me to the railroad station . Can you put my baggage in the trunk 
OK . But let me park my car in a better position . All right , miss . Where are the bags 
Over there 
That's a lot . What did you bring with you 
They're just gifts I bought . Don't worry . They are not heavy 
Could you tell me where you put my book 
Which book ? Your cookbook 
No . A Walk in the Woods 
Isn ’ t it on the bookshelf 
No . The bookshelf is full of fashion books 
Then have you put it in the bedroom 
No . Now would you like to help me look for the book 
Ok . Look ! It ’ s just near your foot 
Oh , very good 
Wake up , Mary 
What is it ? It's eight in the morning 
We're all going to church . Do you want to come 
No . I'm not a religious person 
Are you sure 
Maybe next weekend . I went to bed too late last night 
Okay , then . We'll be back around noon 
Alright 
Do you have a copy of today ’ s newspaper ? I want to check the results from the world athletics championship 
Yes , I ‘ m just reading them myself . It ’ s been a great competition . We got gold medals in three events 
Yes , we won the men ’ s 110 metres hurdles . I watched that on TV . What other events did we win 
We won the men ’ s high jump and the women ’ s 1500 meters 
That ’ s great . Those athletes must train for years to get into peak physical condition . They must be terribly disappointed if they don ’ t win 
The woman who won the 1500 meters also broke the world record by 2 seconds 
That ’ s amazing ! Were any other records broken 
A Russian man broke the discus record by a centimeters . Out best athlete broke his personal best in the long jump , but it only got him third place 
Did you see the final of the men ’ s 100 metres ? It was very exciting . One competitor made two false starts 
Was he disqualified 
Yes , he was . I imagine he must be very angry with himself for that 
Three twenty-five cent stamps , please 
Here you are . seventy-five cent , please 
And please sent this letter by registered mail 
Is there anything valuable in it 
There ’ s a check of two hundred dollars and photograph 
Shall I make out a receipt 
No . don ’ t bother 
That ‘ ll be ninety-five cents in all 
How do you think should I handle this problem 
You'd just let sleeping dogs lie 
But I'm already in a lot of trouble with my boss 
Anything you say or do might make it worse . Just try to ride out the storm for a while 
She's always bothering me . What should I do 
You'd better leave her alone 
But she always harps on me 
Just tell her off 
Yes , great 
May I come in 
Yeah , Please do . Now let me show you the house 
This seems a pretty nice room , I should say 
You bet . This is the nicest room in the district . You know what , I just had all the walls repainted last month 
What about the kitchen 
It's a well furnished eat-in kitchen . The stove and the ice-box are in good order , and the plumbing is OK , too 
I see . I'd like to live here for about three years 
Terrific ! When are you moving in 
Next Saturday at the earliest 
Welcome to IBA . Can I help you 
Yes , hello . Our company used your bank to send some documents to Malaysia last week . Could you check and see if the proceeds have come back yet , please ? It's Sang Hung Enterprises , based in Kula Lump 
OK , just a moment ... yes , it has arrived . The amount is 51,998 US dollars net , 12 US dollars has been deducted by the intermediary bank 
That's as it should be . When will it be paid in and credited to our account 
It's already credited to your account 
Excuse me . Do you speak English 
Yes , I do . How can I help you 
Well , I've just arrived in my room , but there are no instructions in English about the facilities available ! Could you help me for a moment 
Of course not . What exactly would you like to know 
First , what is the number for room service 
It's 1200 . Room service is available 24 hours a day 
Very good . Now , could you help me to adjust the air conditioning , please ? It's too hot in my room 
Yes , the control unit is on the wall next to the bathroom . Is 24 ° C all right 
Yes , that's perfect . Another thing , if need more items for the mini-bar , which Number should I call 
You should call the Housekeeping Department on 2300 . They will replace any stock for you immediately 
I see . So , is it possible to make international phone calls from my room 
That's no problem . Just dial 9 to get an outside line , and then dial the number as usual 
Well , thanks a lot for your help 
No problem , sir . If there's anything else you need , you can find me at the desk by the elevator , or you can call housekeeping if I'm not there 
OK , goodbye 
Goodbye , sir 
Delicious ! Did you make this chocolate cake yourself , Fred 
Yes . I did 
It's really good 
I want to leave home , mum 
Why 
I am a grown-up , and I can stand on my own two feet 
It is all up to you 
What do you feel your greatest achievement has been at your current job 
I think my greatest accomplishment has been acquiring the Hans account 
That certainly is quite an accomplishment 
Yes , it took a year and a lot of initiative to get that account 
What's your sales record been like there 
The last two years we have seen an increase in sales of about 30 % to 40 % each year , so I ’ m very pleased . And our sales projections are quite good for the next two years 
If things are going so well , why do you want to leave the firm now 
Hmm ... I think I am ready for a new challenge . I've put a good team together at my present company , and I think If I want to take the next step in my career , it's time for me to move on 
I ’ ll sing you a song 
Yes , sing a song . But don ’ t sing a sad song 
Most of my songs are sad , sorry 
Well , please sing one that ’ s not sad 
OK , I ’ ll sing San Francisco then 
Any plans tonight 
Not really , do you 
Well , I am wondering if we took a hang-out for a drink or something . You know , I just came back from a really tough interview . I was quite nervous during the interview . I really want to have the job . Right now , I am still a little on the edge . I am not sure if I could convince them during the interview 
Take it easy . It is all over now . How was it going , anyway 
I don ’ t know . I think I did well in the paper exams . I was prepared to answer a lot of questions , but they didn ’ t ask those as I expected . To my surprise , the manager tried to talk about the Chinese poesy with me 
That ’ s strange . But probably , it is the new interview technique they call it “ Getting to know you more personally ” . What about your answers 
Just did my best 
Excuse me ! Are you Bart Simpson from Western Electronics 
Yes , I am 
I am Steven . I am here to meet you 
Thank you for meeting me at the airport , Steven 
You must be tired after the long flight . Let me carry the bags for you 
Thanks . Where is our car 
Our car is in the parking lot . We've booked a room for you . I will take you to the hotel soon . Let's go 
OK . Let's go 
What do you think about all the different diets people go on 
I don't think dieting is good for you . It's much better to eat a balanced diet and to never get overweight to begin with 
But what do you think about people who are obese ? What should they do to lose weight 
They need to eat healthy foods , but they also have to increase the amount of exercise they do every day . They don't have to cut out fattening foods altogether , though 
So you think it's ok for people who are dieting to eat chocolate 
Sure , they can eat some chocolate . As long as they are exercising and eating mostly healthy foods , there's nothing wrong with having a small dessert 
How about drinking soda 
Many people gain weight by drinking far too much soda . Soda should be a treat ; there's simply no nutritional value in it whatsoever . If you want to lose weight and you can't stop drinking soda , try some diet coke 
That's good advice . Have you ever tried taking vitamins 
My mother used to make me take vitamins every day , but I don't take them anymore . Vitamins are good as a supplement , but they don't do much good if you don't have a well-balanced diet to start 
How do you know so much about food and dieting 
You might not believe this , but I used to be twice the size than I am now 
Hello , Steven . Annie said that you and Julia have had a quarrel , haven ’ t you 
That ’ s true . We had an argument yesterday . She blamed me for not preparing the supper that day , but it was her turn to cook the dinner 
That's the reason why you fought 
Yes 
You two are always quarrelling over little things 
That wasn ’ t my fault , but she said ' you're a disgrace ' to me . I'm about to explode 
Are you still mad at her now 
To be honest , I ’ m not , and I regret a little what I have done 
Will you apologize to her 
No way . It ’ s her who should apologize 
Would you like some more coffee 
No thanks . I'm full . We need to find our waitress and get our bill 
The waitress is bringing the bill right now 
This waitress has really been on top of things , hasn't she 
Yes , this waitress did a great job 
OK , let's see what the damage is . The total for our meal is $ 36.00 
What do you think would be the right amount to leave for a tip 
Fifteen percent is a normal tip , but she really did a great job . What do you think about 20 % this time 
Yes , 20 % would be perfect 
Her tip will end up being $ 7.20 plus the bill of $ 36.00 . The total will be $ 43.20 
Yes , that was one fantastic meal 
I agree . Maybe we can come back again next week 
Hi , excuse me . I am sorry to bug you , but do you know where the Royal Hotel is 
Just a minute . I am as busy as a bee right now ... Ok , I am done . What can I do for you 
Well , I seem to be a little bit lost here . I am worried that I ’ ll never find my way . What's worse . I forgot my glasses and as blind as a bat now 
Well , keep you chin up ! I ’ ll try to help you . Where are you going 
I am trying to get to the Royal Hotel . Do you know where that is 
Yes , no problem . You walk down this street . You turn left at the first intersection . Walk along that road , turn right at the corner . After that , you make a left-hand turn at the first traffic light . The Royal Hotel is on your right side 
Great . Are there any landmarks nearby 
Yeah , I think so . I think the hotel is right across the street from a post office . It is as plain as the hump on a camel . You can't miss it 
Oh , that's good . I should be able to find it pretty easily then . Is that far from here 
Yeah , it ’ s gonna take you a while if you go by foot . I ’ d say it's about a 30 - minute uphill walk . You have to be as strong as a lion to make it 
Oh , that will take too long and I am kind of in a hurry . Can I take a bus there 
Well , you could take a bus there , but you would have to transfer buses twice . A taxi would probably be a lot quicker 
All right . I guess I'll take a taxi then . How long will it take by taxi 
Not too long . It should take about ten mins by taxi 
Cool , thanks 
You are welcome 
I'm the Mortgage Advisor at this branch . You wanted a chat about housing loans 
Yes , I've found a wonderful property I wish to buy . Unfortunately , I just don't have access to the cash 
I see . It's a problem most of us face . May I ask what the purchase price is 
It's 600,000 RIB . But I've already put down 200,000 RIB , which is my absolute limit , so I'm looking for a loan of 400,000 RIB 
So , you've already made a large initial deposit ? That is good news . OK , let's have a look at your credit details and get this started 
I already have an account with you , so it should be pretty straight forward 
That is good , it should speed things up nicely 
I think this spring is a good time for us to start looking 
We should plan to move out of here before July . I'm tired of living in apartments 
I know , dear . I am too . But we've just been too busy to look for a house 
We need to find a good realtor 
Not necessarily . If we use a realtor to find a house , it will be more expensive 
What do you mean 
Realtors always get a commission.If the realtor helps us find something , we have to pay him 
But doesn't a realtor help with the contract ? I thought they take care of all the legal troubles 
Yes , that's often true . But you have to pay them 
I still think we should have a realtor.We ' re new in this country . We don't know all the laws of buying a house.And also , the realtor will inspect the house.He can tell us if the house has
Of course we need a home inspector.But we can hire an inspector on our own.And as for the legal problems , I have friends . They can help us 
So how can we find a house if we don't have a realtor 
It takes a little more time . We have to check the ads in the paper.Probably also there are special real estate magazines with ads.Then we have to drive to the homes and look at them 
And doesn't the person selling the house have a realtor 
Sometimes they do , sometimes they don't . It's best to find someone who is selling by themselves 
Why 
Because if the seller has a realtor , their price will be higher.He will have to pay a commission to the realtor 
Hmm . It all sounds very complicated 
It is . But buying a house is very important . So it takes time.That ' s why we haven't done it yet . It's very troublesome 
I want to look in the papers today . Maybe we can see something we like 
Alright . I'll buy a newspaper when I go to the drug store 
Would you like any toast , dear 
Um 
Toast , dear 
As you like 
Would you like any tea , dear 
It doesn ’ t make any difference to me 
Oh , you ’ re not listening to me 
Leave me alone 
Who's in charge of the construction project 
We've taken on a civil engineer on a nine-month temporary contract . He'll oversee the whole project . In fact we're having a project meeting at 3 p . m this afternoon allocate responsibilities and finalise the time schedule . Why don't you join us 
I can ’ t I'm afraid . I've got another meeting scheduled for 2:30 p . m 
What's all this noise about 
They're discussing whether they should replace Miss Smith , the Music teacher 
Why 
Because she's not responsible enough 
I'm going to go shopping for groceries in a little bit 
Why , do we need groceries 
I believe we are all out of food 
Do you know what to get 
I don't know what we need 
Why don't you go and check the refrigerator 
I would appreciate it if you would do that for me 
Why don't you just get the basics 
What do you mean 
Eggs , milk , bread . Things like that 
Go make that list 
Sure , no problem 
Why is the long face 
I'm getting sick of work man . I can't take the political bull in the company any more 
Did you just get your review or something 
Yeah , but that's not why I am upset . I just found out another guy got a promotion . He doesn't know how to do anything . He sits there and kisses the managers butt all day long 
That sucks 
I'm just pissed that management can't see behind his smooth talking lies 
Look on the bright side . At least you have a job 
Yeah . I shouldn't stress about this anymore . It's not like I can do anything about it 
Exactly . Instead , we should have some drinks tonight 
How about a cold bottle of beer 
Now you're talking 
Do you speak a foreign language 
Yes . I am capable of speaking English smoothly . I have been learning English for years 
How well do you know English 
I have no trouble communicating with native English Speaker . I even taught spoken English in a training school 
I think the government needs a radical plan to improve things . The government just talks , but in the long run , nothing is done to improve the economy 
That's right . They always talk about a need for new , progressive tactics , but they haven't done anything to stimulate new jobs 
Well , income taxes were decreased last year in hope to give the economy a boost , but I think it's backfired . The immediate effect of the tax reduction was to cause inflation to rise 
The worst part is that the inflation hurts the poor more than the rich . It also leads to more unemployment in the long run . I don't know what a good solution would be to make the economy more vibrant again ..
I have a good solution ... We need some new blood ! We should get rid of this president and boat in some new leaders 
After probation , you'll find that our silk products feels more comfortable than others 
How about this product selling from last month on 
It's selling like hot cakes , and we have lots of regulars now . Would you like to place a trial order 
Am . Well , can I have a try of the sample free of charge 
Yes , we have the free samples for customers . And you can have a try 
Thank you . We'll order once we try the sample 
Please wait a moment and fill out the order form . And we'll send you our sample 
OK 
Are these the clothes you want to have washed 
Yes . When can I get them back 
Well , if they are collected right now , you can get them back tonight 
That's fine . By the way , please have that suit dry cleaned 
OK . Please fill in the form first 
Excuse me 
Yes 
Do you have any information about the city sights 
Sure . There ’ s a lot here in this pamphlet 
Thank you . And what ’ s the best way to get downtown 
Take the subway . It ’ s $ 1.50 per ride . You can buy a metro card at the station 
You ’ Ve been very helpful 
My pleasure 
Do you like playing table tennis 
Certainly 
When did you start it 
Several years ago 
May I be of any assistance 
I want to have a look at the microwave ovens 
You can have a broad choice here . Are you interested in a particular brand 
Not really . What are these toys over there 
Ma'am , these are complimentary with each purchase . How about that one below the toys ? This is the best seller . They are of the latest model that can be found in town 
I don't like its color . A bit too bright . Do you have a grey one 
Yes , we do . What a great taste you have ! But we only have one left in stock 
Really ? How so 
You know a good product will always sell ! Would you mind waiting for a while , we'll get it right away 
Okay 
Here it is . It's very elegant , I think you will like it 
How about its quality 
Its durability will be a big surprise to you 
What about the price 
500 yuan . And if you buy it today , there will be a 15 % discount for you 
Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256 
Yes , we are on the same plane 
But I am a transfer passenger . I have a connecting flight to Miami 
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area 
Yes.It ' s quite troublesome 
Why not go and find a porter 
Are you ready to order now , sir 
Yes 
Would you like an appetizer 
Yes . I'd like a crab cocktail 
Would you like some soup first 
Very well 
What kind of soup would you like 
I want egg soup 
Have you decided on anything 
I'd like to have some meat 
How about stewed-fried steamed pork 
No , thank you 
Are you interested in today's special 
What is it 
Twice cooked spicy pork slices 
OK . Let me try it 
Anything else 
No , thank you
Hey George , how is your chicken 
My chicken tastes all right , but it is pretty dry . How is your fish 
My fish is pretty dry too 
It's almost as if this food has been sitting a little too long . It doesn't seem fresh 
Yes , it seems that way to me also 
How are your vegetables 
My vegetables are very soggy 
Mine are the same way . It seems like they've been overcooked 
I don't usually complain , but I think that we should mention this to the waiter 
I agree . Maybe they can bring us some better food 
In case you didn't know , I'm checking out in half an hour 
That won't be a problem , sir 
That's good to hear . Now there's still a whole New York day ahead of me 
You're right , sir . Your whole day is still ahead of you 
I still have time to explore more of New York , but I need a place to secure my baggage 
We have a storage place here , but you have to leave a deposit 
A deposit , huh ? I would think my baggage would be enough of a deposit 
Just present your VISA card , and there won't be any problems 
That deposit bothers me . Give me a minute 
Okay , sir , but remember how close it is to your checkout time 
You are very late , but I was on pins and needles the whole time 
Oh , I ’ m sorry 
Do you know that Mary an Ben have already separated 
Yeah , I know 
I didn ’ t know it until yesterday . I put my foot into it , and was even stupid enough to ask when they would get married 
Hi , Mary . You look pale today . What's the matter with you 
I think I've caught a cold . Now I'm aching all over 
You'd better take some medicine and have a good rest . I hope you'll be yourself pretty soon 
Thank you . I suppose I should go to see a doctor 
Lisa , is there a milk section 
No , there's no such section . The dairy section is where you'll find milk and cheese 
What's Condiments 
That's where you'll find things like salt and pepper 
Oh , I see 
Let's go to aisle 4 to pick up some pasta for tonight 
Great ! Pasta for dinner 
And let's get a loaf of bread at the bakery for breakfast 
Maybe we should get a shopping cart 
I'll put the shopping basket back 
Shakespeare was born in 1867 
No , it sounds wrong . He was born in the 16th century 
Are you sure ? Can you make it more exact 
1564 
Say , what's you favorite sport 
Mmmm ... , it's hard to say . I like golf a lot-but I guess like skating better 
Do you know how to skate , like a skater 
No , I'm strictly a spectator . I just like watching skating . It's so beautiful 
Then you must know a lot about skating 
Jack ! Do you want to see a picture of my new puppy 
Sure . I thought people only showed off pictures of their new babies , not new pets 
Well , this is my new baby . He ’ s just as much trouble . That ’ s for sure ! But , he ’ s a lot of fun 
I see what you mean . He ’ s really cute . How old is he 
Hello , this is Lucy from ABC Company 
Hello , Lucy 
I ’ m calling to see if you have made your decision . You are the right person we are seeking for 
Yes , I have decided to work with your company 
Good news for us . When can you start to work 
It ’ s my honor to be one member of your company . I ’ d like to begin to work any time as you like 
Ok , please come to my office at 9 AM next Monday . I will introduce you to our boss 
No problem . Thank you for calling me 
You ’ re welcome 
OK , Nick . Here's the question , What movie and its sequel both won an Oscar for Best Picture 
The Godfather and The Godfather II , of course . They were both directed by Francis Ford Coppola 
Whew ! I'm impressed ! You really know your stuff 
Only about old movies , really ..
Paul , you were also a parent of young kids before . So , can you tell me what you did when your kids didn ’ t behave very well 
I know Mark is your only child . You may do it differently from what I did . Sometimes I would tap their hands when they made troubles 
I do it , too . You know , sometimes when we eat , my child would pull a dish towards him and grab it with his hands and eat . And if it were something he doesn ’ t like , he would spit it out and throw it into other dishes . He does it very often . I really get mad . I can ’ t help spank him sometimes 
And what does your husband do 
My husband is an American . He criticizes me when I do that . He says that I can ’ t change a child ’ s behavior by using force . He is learning what I am doing now 
But spoiling a child is not going to do him good either ! You ’ Ve got to have patience with him and teach him . It ’ s not easy , I know . It ’ s hard 
Yeah . I ’ m still learning how to control his behavior and my temper . My child is almost two years old , and I ’ Ve learnt the distraction technique when he cries for something 
What can I do for you 
I'd like to buy a keepsake for my girlfriend . Could you make a recommendation for me 
I'd like to . How do you like the hat 
It's not special . It can be seen everywhere 
How about the umbrella ? It's made of wood and paper . It's very beautiful 
It's interesting . Let me see 
Do you like it 
Yes , how much is it 
Fifty yuan 
OK , I'll take it 
You did an excellent job in this project 
Thank you . It was a lot of hard work.But I'm glad I did it 
Congratulations 
When will you give me a raise 
Ha ... I am not sure 
I feel quite embarrassed for having to request a pay raise so quickly 
Let me think . How much did you have in mind 
5 000 yuan per month 
That's a lot of money . Let me think about it carefully 
I can't believe the weather is so gorgeous for your wedding 
Yes . It's perfect 
And all of the flowers are in bloom 
I couldn't have asked for more 
This is Dunlin . Is this Mrs Smith speaking 
Yes , what can I do for you 
I just want to call and say thank you for letting me interview yesterday 
You are welcome , Mr . Sun 
And I also want to know what the status is of the position 
Sorry , we haven't made the decision at all . But we should be making the decision by the end of this week . And we'll get in touch with you once we make it 
Do you have any questions we didn't cover in the interview 
No 
Thank you , I am looking forward to hearing from you . Bye-bye 
Thank you for the calling . Bye-bye 
Excuse me for being late to work 
Where have you been 
My car broke down 
That's too bad . Please try to fix it so that it doesn't happen again 
Yes , I'll work on it 
Thank you , have a seat . We are working on the new project
Great ! Fill me in 
Let's take a look at the Campbell Project 
I don't understand the projected revenues 
Let's take another look at it for those of you who don't understand 
To start with , may I know why you are interested in working for our company 
First , as far as I know , your company has had an impressive growth record . Second , I want to get into the foreign trade business 
Now you are with Quandong Company . What is your chief responsibility there 
I'm in charge of marketing activities in South-East Asia , for example , organizing trade conferences and arranging exhibitions 
Do you have any questions about the job 
Yes . Are there chances for employees to be transferred to overseas branches of the company 
Certainly . This is an international company , and ther're good chances for you to work overseas 
That would be good 
Excuse me . My name is Richard Davis of Magic Office Supplies . I'm here to see Mr.Chen 
Yes . He's waiting for you in his office . This way , please 
What happened today on the freeway 
You don't know what happened 
What did happen 
There was a truck on the freeway , and it flipped over 
Really 
I wouldn't lie about something like that 
Were there any injuries 
I heard that a couple people got hurt 
Are they all right 
The news said they should be fine 
I'm glad to know that everyone made it out okay 
Me too 
Taxi ! Taxi ! Could you help me load these luggage in the trunk 
Let me just park my car in a better position . Alright , miss . Where ’ s the luggage 
Over there 
May I order some cable from you today 
Okay , what package would you like to order 
I'm not sure of what packages you offer 
We offer packages with all the movie channels 
Are there any other packages 
We also have packages with all the sports channels 
I want a package that has the basic and movie channels 
We have that available 
I would like to get that 
Would you like anything else with your package 
That's it , but will I be able to add more channels at another time 
Yes , you can add or get rid of channels later on if you would like 
May I help you 
I have a problem 
What ’ s the problem 
Someone else is making charges on my debit card 
I need to see a statement for your debit card 
I have it right here 
Can you show me which charges you ’ re referring to 
The last four charges 
We will need to do an investigation on this 
How long will that take 
We ’ ll have to freeze payment on those charges until the investigation is finished 
I really appreciate your help 
But how did you know I was working for WebTracker 
When I was in LA , I met the WebTracker sales rep 
He couldn't have told you . Only a few people at WebTracker know about me 
The sales rep had a green note pad just like yours . He said everybody at WebTracker used them 
I can't believe it . I can't believe I fell into your trap 
We both may be snakes , Dave , but I'm just better at it . Among the snakes , I'm the sneakiest 
What are your strengths and weaknesses 
I have just left school , but I am well acquainted with office work 
Why are you qualified for this position 
Since leaving school , I have attended typewriting and shorthand classes , and have now attained a speed of fifty and ninety works respectively 
What can you contribute to the position of a market analyst 
I know how to gather and summarize information from the Intent , which is an essential skill for market analysis 
What job-related skills do you have 
I am a good accountant and have a thorough knowledge of the English language 
Hello . Green Trading Company . What can I do for you 
I'm Mr.Stephen ' s secretary . He has an appointment with Mr.Green today 
Yes . It'll be at three o'clock this afternoon 
I'm afraid we have to reschedule it 
Didn't we make that appointment a long time ago 
I'm very sorry . But Mr.stephen must leave for Hong Kong right away 
How about Friday afternoon 
That'll be fine 
Do you think my briefcase is big enough to put in all these stuff 
Let me see . Laptop , flash disk , a ballpoint pen , a pencil , a notebook , a pair of glasses , cell phone , charger , moisture lotion , ... Oh , that is too much . You are not going to a business trip 
I guess I need all of them 
Actually , the company will provide you with all of these supplies . So , you can leave this very thick notebook at home 
I know . But it is my lucky charm . I carry it all the time 
Suit yourself . Don ’ t forget to set the alarm clock 
Hi , Mary ! You're here already . Where's Harry 
He isn't a punctual person . We may have to wait for a little while 
That should give us time for a cup of coffee . I'll go and get some 
Make it three cups . Here comes Harry 
Plaza Hotel , good morning . Leo speaking 
Ah yes , I'd like to book two rooms for myself and my father . Could you tell me the cost of a single room per night 
Certainly . A single room is 120 dollars American , per night 
Fine 
And when would you like the rooms 
From the 25th to the 28tri of September 
Arriving the 25th of September and leaving on the 28th ? Three nights 
That's right 
Just a minute please 
Yes , we have rooms available then . You require two single rooms 
Yes , thank you 
Can l have your name please 
My name is Mona White 
And your father's name , Ms White 
Jack Webber 
Could you spell the surname please 
Sure . W-E-double B-E-R 
Double P for Papa 
No , double B for Bravo
Hello , Mr . Smith , Wang Peng speaks 
Hello ! Mr . Wang . this is Smith 
I'm calling to thank you for the wonderful dinner I had yesterday 
It's a pleasure 
I'll come back to China tonight . I hope to see you again sometime 
I hope so 
I appreciate all help of you during my stay here 
Don't mention it 
Please let me know when you go to China and let me be of some assistance to you 
Yes , I will . Have a nice flight back 
Thanks , good-bye 
Good-bye 
What should I do to prepare for a job interview 
An understanding of the basic workings of a company and the services or goods it provides is essential . Do you have that 
Sort of , but I could know more , I guess 
With that understanding , you can figure out what your company is looking for in terms of basic attitude . Right 
I think that they are a very formal company 
What you wear is important . So keep in mind what is suitable for the company and type of work you will be doing . Need help 
I need a lot of help in this area 
In addition to clothes we need to think about other basics , OK 
Yes , what else should we think of 
Be prompt . Don't forget to be friendly and interested . Listen carefully and listen to what they are really asking you . You'll be a hit 
What's up 
Nothing much , what's going on 
I'm having a party this Friday 
Oh , really ? That's nice 
I wanted to see if you wanted to come 
This Friday ? Sorry , I already have plans 
Doing what 
I'm going to dinner with my family 
I really wanted you to come , but I understand 
Yeah , maybe next time 
I'll hold you to that 
Sounds like a plan 
Excuse me , I'd like to make a suit of this material 
Well , sir . Can I take your measurements first 
Yes . Should I take off my coat 
That'll be helpful . All right , thank you 
Please make a single-breasted 
No , problem . If you'll wait one moment , I'll make out your receipt 
How much does it cost 
Let me see , with padding and lining cloth , it comes to 357 dollars altogether 
All right . When can I get it 
In two weeks 
Thank you 
What are you doing this weekend 
I am not sure . What are you doing 
I was thinking of maybe taking a drive to the beach 
That sounds like a great idea 
Would you be interested in joining me 
Sure , I would love to go with you . When would you be leaving 
I thought that we could leave around 8
That would give us plenty of time to explore . Did you know that there is a music festival on the beach in Santa Barbara 
That was part of my plan 
Well then , I'll see you on Saturday . Thanks for asking me to go with you 
Excuse me . Can I change my seat with you ? I want to sit beside my friend 
Where is your seat 
It's 9 - A in the middle part , a window seat too 
OK , you mean the vacant one on the left 
Yes , it is . Thank you very much . Let me help you to carry your baggage there 
No need . I have only this small handbag with me 
Thanks . Have a nice trip 
You honestly believe the world ’ s improving every year 
Yes , I do . I think that science is making us wiser . What do you think 
I don ’ t think you ’ re right there 
I believe industry is making us wealthier 
I don ’ t believe that 
And in my opinion , medicine is making us healthier 
I agree with you in the sense . But we ’ re all more miserable than ever , aren ’ t we 
I don ’ t agree with you . I maintain that we ’ re healthier , wealthier and wiser than we were a hundred years ago 
That ’ s your opinion not mine 
So where is this mystery restaurant that we are going to 
It ' s an Indian restaurant ! I know you have never had Indian food , so I thought you might want to try 
That sounds great ! I am craving some type of beef dish 
Well , Indian cuisine actually doesn ' t serve beef . You see , cows are a sacred animal , a very important element in the Hindu religion , so beef is not eaten 
I see , so what are we having ? Chicken 
There are many amazing dishes to choose from . We can have some chicken tikka masala which is an amazing curry . It ' s a bit spicy , but I think you can handle it 
Sounds good ! I have always heard that Indian spices give a rich flavor to food 
Yeah . Also , we can have some Naan bread which is baked in a tandoori oven . Since you don ' t use any utensils to eat , you can use this bread to scoop up the curry or rice 
What about veggies 
They have a good variety of vegetable-based dishes like talak panter , vegetable samosas or daal 
It all sounds exquisite ! I can ' t wait 
Mom , can I have more allowance 
What for 
I want to buy more books 
Oh , yeah ? Are you joking 
Of course not ! I'm telling the truth 
Honey , it's good if you spend money to buy more books . But $ 100 dollars a week is enough for you already 
This way , please . We've got a nice private for you 
That's good . Thank you 
Here we are . I hope you will like it 
It's good . It's a nice room 
And here is the menu . I'll come back soon 
Thank you 
Good morning . sir . How may I serve you today 
I'd like a cup of mocha 
Sure . Large or medium 
Medium , please 
Anything else to go 
Yeah . give me a chocolate bar also 
You've got it 
Please have them wrapped . I'll take them away 
Sure . It's seven eighty-nine 
Here's eight dollars . Keep the change 
Thank you , sir . Have a nice day 
I feel confused by all the diet options out there . I don ’ t know which one actually works 
Most of them are not so practical . It will be very bad for your health if you skip lunches or supers as the recommended . I think making an exercise plan can be more effective 
Maybe you ’ re right . It is very expensive to go to a weight-loss center . I ’ d better join in a fitness club 
You don ’ t need to lose weight , you are not fat 
I bought an exercise dress yesterday and I found it was hard to dress it up 
Hi , how are you 
It's nice to meet you . Thanks for coming 
It's my pleasure 
I wanted to meet with you to discuss your daughter 
Is she acting up in class 
Not at all . She's a joy to have in my class 
Is she really 
She is absolutely wonderful 
So she isn't causing you any problems 
No . She is actually very intelligent and well behaved 
I'm glad to know that you like her 
You have nothing to worry about with her 
What a hot day 
Yes , summer is coming 
Where are you going this summer vacation 
I'd like to go to Tianjin 
Do you want to go to the beach there 
Yes , of course . And what's your plan 
The same to you 
That's great 
I would like to have a new suit made . something in a dark blue wool 
Certainly , sir . Double or single breasted 
I think I would like the pants pleated . I am not sure about the jacket though as I'm a little overweight 
I see , sir . For a gentleman of your size I would recommend a single-breasted jacket as it does tend to make one look a little slimmer . Just let me take your measurements , Let's see , neck 41cm , chest 110cm , wait 120cm and inside leg 70cm . You do have short legs , sir 
Yes , that is why I usually choose dark colours for my business suits 
Can you come back in three days for a fitting 
Certainly 
Good that way . I can have the suit ready for you two days after that fitting 
Well , we've been waiting for our luggage for about one hour 
What kind of bag is it 
It's blue , Samsonite bag 
What are your room number and your name , please 
This is room eleven-seven and my name is Terry Chen 
Well , let me check . We delivered four bags to room 1106 , you friend's room about an hour ago 
My friend's room ? Oh , I see . Thanks a lot 
You're quite welcome 
You look hot and tired . Jack , have you been exercising 
Yes . We just had a basketball match with Class Two 
Who won 
They did 
What was the score 
Seventy to sixty-seven 
Dad , you've been driving for three hours . Why don't we have a switch 
There're a lot of chuckholes on this old highway . Driving on it is experience-demanding 
Trust me . I've been driving for two years 
Ok . You drive and do be careful 
Have you taken your temperature 
Yes , and it is 37 ° C 
Well , open your mouth and let me have a look . It is nothing serious . You haven't got a fever . But you should take the medicine and need have more rest recently . When you feel well , you could take more exercises , or play sports like basketball , running , and swimming . And eating healthy food , having more fruits and vegetable and drinking milk are good for your heath 
Yes , I see . Thanks a lot 
You stepped on my foot 
Sorry . I didn't mean to 
Acknowledgments play a necessary part in the interview 
Sure . Kind acknowledgments can show one's good attainment 
We often ignore the acknowledgments in our daily life , and consider them as disposable 
Actually , that's not true . Acknowledgments can help you leave a good impression on others , especially in the public places 
We should particularly pay attention to acknowledgments in the interview 
In the beginning of the interview , it is best that you make acknowledgments for the opportunity of the interview 
Don't forget to say " Thank you " when you take a seat 
Make acknowledgments as well when the interviewer thinks highly of your dressing , experience , or words 
You can win a good impression of the interviewer in this way 
Acknowledgments can also help the job-hunters to show their good attainment 
Finally , at the end of the interview , make acknowledgments to the interviewer again 
Smiles and kind attitudes are the basics of acknowledgments 
This house is not looking all that great from here
You can ’ t really tell everything about a house from the outside . Let ’ s go inside 
I don ’ t think that it is looking any better inside here 
I think that fresh paint and cleaning would help it look a little better 
It is just too dark in here with so few windows 
I hear that the kitchen is quite large . Let ’ s go check it out 
The kitchen may be large , but it doesn ’ t have any storage space 
The master suite is supposed to be quite elegant . Maybe it will be a little better 
How many dogs live in this house 
I think that we have seen all that we need to see here . Let ’ s go look at another house 
Are you going home now 
No , I'm not 
What are you going to do ? Are you going to work late 
No , I'm not . I'm going to look for an apartment 
An apartment ? Why 
I'm going to try to find a place near the office 
Where are you living now 
Out in the suburbs.It ' s a long trip to work every day 
How are you going to find an apartment 
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads 
Apartments in the city are expensive 
I know , but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management 
I don't like the merry-go-round 
But , I want to ride it , Daddy 
Ok , I guess it's worthy of two yuan 
Great . Let's go 
Linda , John and I are going to get married next week 
That's wonderful . Congratulations 
Thank you , Linda . We would love you to come to our wedding 
I'd love to . What date is it 
It's May 1st 
What day is that 
It's Saturday . Could you make the time 
Yes , sure . What time will the wedding begin 
At nine sharp 
Very good ! I'm looking forward to it . Please give my best regards to John . And I wish you best luck 
Thanks 
Your house is too small . Why not buy a big one 
I do wish I could afford one 
You can get a loan from the bank . You know LPF program provides low cost loans for participants home purchases 
Of course I know that . But don't you notice that the house price is skyrocketing 
Good afternoon , how can I help you 
Someone has stolen my gold necklace 
I am sorry to hear about that . Would you mind coming with me to my office and tell me exactly what happened here 
Of course not 
Are you sure that it isn't somewhere in your room 
Yes , I've looked everywhere in my room and I can ’ t find it 
Ok , when and where did you last see it 
Last night on the dresser . I took it off before I went to the shower , and forgot to put it back on after the shower . And this morning I left the hotel in a hurry without wearing it 
Are you sure you didn't wear it this morning 
Yes , I am positive 
Did you remember to lock your door before you left then 
Yes , I think I did . It has to be one of your maids who took it . I want my necklace back 
Well , I understand how you feel , and we will try to do our best to help you . But first please allow me to send one of the housemaids to your room to look for it again thoroughly , just in case it's still in there . If she finds it , we will all be happy . If she doesn't , we will turn the whole matter to the police . But I must say that the hotel can't be held responsible for your loss . You should have locked your gold necklace away at the hotel ’ s safety box . If you had read your key card carefully , you would have realized that we specially warned you to do so 
That just isn't good enough . Cet me your general manager . I want to speak to him now 
I am sorry , ma ’ am . Our general manager is not in town . But I ’ d be more than glad to get you our assistant manager , if you like . But I am afraid that he will say the same thing . We have very clear instructions about valuables and we must follow them . And now if you will excuse me , I'll go and find our assistant manager for you 
Excuse me , can you tell me the way to the British Museum 
Sure . I suggest you take a bus there . It's a bit too long for you to walk there 
Which bus should I take 
Tour 2 
What time does the museum open 
It opens at 9:00 from April to October 
Thanks a billion 
Welcome to our company 
I really love this kind of atmosphere 
An impressive officer is vital to the image projected by the company 
There are people everywhere . What's that girl doing 
She is dealing with customers and driving up new business . The guy next to her is in charge of their office computer network 
And what about that man there 
He is our accountant 
I see you have a coffee bar for a water cooler . The staff here must be comfortable . I think it really helps morale when people feel supported by their employees 
Indeed , they are . Keeping staff happy is the only way to keep them with the company 
Hi Amanda , how are you ? I've missed working with you and the whole gang since my transfer last week 
We've missed you too . The office just isn't the same without you . How is your new job 
It's great . I really get to focus on what I like to do and everyone has been very nice and welcoming . However , I'm having a small problem with my new colleagues 
What happened 
Well , three people are celebrating their birthdays this month and the policy here is for everyone to contribute ten dollars to a card and cake for each person 
Wow , so you'll be out thirty dollars on your first week at work 
I know . It is a lot of money and I haven't gotten to know any of the people celebrating their birthdays well enough yet . At our old department , it was only three dollars for each birthday and there were only ten of us 
Well , every department is different . You wouldn't want your new co-workers to think you're a Grinch , right 
What is that 
A Grinch is a person who spoils the mood at a happy occasion by being selfish or unenthusiastic . You know - a party proper 
I definitely don't want to be that ! But , I still think it's unreasonable for them to ask me for such a big sum of money when we don't know each other very well . What should I do 
Do you take a bus to and from work 
Yeah , everyday . And there ’ s only one choice.All the other buses are going the other direction 
Hmm . I have the same problem . When I leave work , it ’ s always rush hour.So the buses are always crowded 
Oh , yeah , it ’ s terrible . I will tell you the funniest thing I have seen in China . It ’ s when so many people try to get onto one city bus , and the last guy is squeezed in so tight that the door is tightly pressed against his butt 
That sounds terrible the way you describe it . But you know , not long ago I really suffered on the bus 
What happened ? Were you having a hard time getting on a bus 
You just can ’ t imagine ! I waited for the first bus but it was too full , so I waited for the second , and it was still very crowded . Then I decided not to wait for the next one , and got on the second bus . It was so full that I had to stand on one foot ! No kidding 
Hmm . Good exercise , uh 
Yeah , absolutely 
And it ’ s so much fun . One day , the bodies were so tightly packed that some girl ’ s behind was pressed against my front . I was afraid to put my hands down for fear of accidentally groping her 
You were so happy , weren ’ t you 
What do you think ? I ’ m a good boy 
Hey , Mary , can you cut that out 
Cut what out I ’ m not doing anything 
The tapping of your pen on your desk . It ’ s driving me crazy 
Fine ! By the way would you mind not slurping your coffee every time you have a cup 
I don ’ t slurp my coffee . And plus , how can you hear it when you ’ re shouting into your phone all the time 
You ’ Ve got to be kidding me ! You ’ re complaining about me talking on the phone when you go out for a cigarette break ten times a day to shoot the breeze 
Look , we have a lot of accumulated anger from working in these conditions , and it ’ s probably okay to let off steam once in a while . But , it ’ s probably not a good idea to keep it up I ’ m willing to forgive and forget and if you are 
Fine . Let's call a truce . I'll try to more considerate and to keep the noise down 
Yeah , I ’ ll try to do the same.So , I was wondering you wanna go out to dinner Friday night 
He said he will get married by the end of this month 
Big talk , I ’ d say . He does not have a girlfriend yet 
Who knows . After all , he is handsome and rich 
What do you think of the project 
Very interesting . Thank you for bringing it to us 
Are you interested in making this investment 
We haven't decided yet , we will let you know if we do 
It's not good for business recently 
Not good for business ? I don't see eye to eye with you.The new policy offers new opportunities 
Too risky anyway.It ' s necessary to look before you leap 
Ok , so where do you think we can save more money 
Well , we could eat in more . That 300 dollars for entertainment is mostly going to restaurants 
Yeah . That ’ s a good idea and you like to cook . What about the books 
No , I need my books 
Come on . If we save more money , we can retire earlier and you ’ ll actually have time to read all those books you buy 
Well , what about the 50 you spent on a shirt ? You could have gotten something for less 
Ok . Let's compromise . If you agree to only spend 75 on books , I'll agree to only spend 40 for my next shirt 
All right . That sounds fair 
Good morning , Janice . Our office will hold a welcoming party in the evening , so I will allocate you some assignment 
Is that difficult 
Don't worry . I will find someone to assist you 
That's all right . What can I do 
Firstly , you should go to the supermarket , which is nearest to our company , to buy some fruit , drinks , desserts and cakes . Here is the list of things you need to buy 
Well . I can do it . And then 
The meeting room on the Fourth Floor needs to be swept . Jerry and Tom will help you at that time . Any questions 
Who will pay for these things 
Don't worry about that . I have already calculated the money about things you will buy . Remember to give me the receipt when you come back 
OK . I will go in no time 
It gives me great pleasure to introduce Mr ... eh Mr ..
Miss 
Yeah ! May I introduce Mis ... eh ... Miss ..
My name is Jane Brown 
Oh yeah ! Would you please welcome ... Miss Jan Brown 
Mr . Martin ? I need to talk to you for a minute 
Certainly , Mr . Emory . Is there a problem , sir 
Well , I ’ d just like you to help me with the holiday schedule 
Fine , Mr . Emory . Let me just grab a pad and pen 
Simon , may I introduce you to Linda ? You don ’ t know each other , do you 
No . I ’ Ve not had the pleasure of meeting her yet 
How do you do ? I ’ m pleased to meet you 
How do you do 
Please sit down . Help yourself just like you are at home 
What would you like to drink 
A cup of coffee , please 
I like the Honda Accord you showed me before . I think it's more practical for my needs 
Alright , sir . You are making a good choice.Honda has made a lot of design improvements in the new Accord 
What does it come with standard 
On all our new cars , the standards includeair conditioning , anti-lock brakes , air bags , and an AM / FM stereo with a CD player.But on the Accord , there is another standard item as well.The Accord com
Cruise control ? I don't like that 
Why not , sir 
I think it's dangerous . What if I can't turn it off 
Well , sir , I know some of our customers are concerned about cruise control.But Honda has never had a single cruise control malfunction that led to an accident 
I wish it didn't have cruise control . My wife doesn't like it either 
You know , sir , you don't have to use it.You can turn it on or off . If you don't want to use it , you just never turn it on 
I suppose . And what about the sunroof ? Is that standard 
No , the sunroof is optional , sir 
I see . Another important question is the time I can get this car . I need a new car rather soon 
Well , I can say that the new models will be here in August.If you order one now , we will have it for you in August 
That's good enough , I think . What colors does the new Accord come in 
We have this new model in red , white , black , or silver.These are the standard colors.Of course you could specially order from various other colors too 
My brother has last year's Accord.And his car is a kind of soft purple color mixed with silver . I really like that color . I wonder if I can get that color on my Accord 
I know the color you mean . Is this it , sir 
Yes , I think that's it . Can I get that on the Accord 
Yes , you can.That color is very popular with Honda buyers . So we've kept it available 
Well , I think I want to order the new Accord then.It looks like an excellent car 
You have made a good choice , sir . I drive an Accord myself . They are very solidly built machines , very reliable 
Yes , I know . I think Honda is the most reliable car on the road . I would never change to anything else.The Honda I have now almost never has service problems . It runs smooth as silk 
Alright , sir . I will get the paperwork ready for you . Just a moment 
Hey Jack . How's it going 
I'm falling in love 
What ! With who 
That girl in my econ class . She is so hot 
Did you guys go on a date already 
No . I didn't even talk to her yet . But I think I'm in love 
Does she have a boyfriend 
I don't think so . I've been following her around campus and I haven't seen another guy 
Dude , you're a stalker man . Just ask her on a date 
I plan on running into her in the cafeteria when she's alone . I think I'll ask her then 
So why do you think you're in love 
She's the only thing I can think of all day long 
That's called blind love . Well , I gotta run . Tell me how it goes next week 
Aright . I'll talk to you later 
I ’ m glad to have had the opportunity to meet you here 
I trust you ’ re keeping well 
I ’ m doing great , thank you 
So we can get down to business 
I need to find a new furniture set for my living room 
Where are you going to find one 
I have no idea 
Do you want to know where I bought mine 
Where'd you get it from 
I got it from IKEA 
How much did it cost you 
It cost me a couple thousand for the whole set 
Is the furniture sturdy 
The furniture is built extremely well 
I don't mind paying a lot as long as the quality is good 
Well , trust me . The quality is fantastic 
In my opinions , someone else has caused the fire of this house 
Who do you think that has the motive 
I ’ m not sure now . In any case , let ’ s first make some careful investigations 
OK , murder will out 
Yeah 
Do you like being a doctor 
Yes , most of the time . But , sometimes things can get difficult 
Can you tell me about it 
You know , sometimes patients can get very unreasonable . They may insist they are sick when they are not 
What can you do when this happens 
Not much , usually I'll just keep silent 
Mary , this company is pretty good . I really want to have an interview 
Have you made an appointment with this company 
Not yet . Do I have to 
Yes , it's very important to make an appointment before the interview 
Why 
If you go to the company without appointment , the interviewers may happen to be busy with other things , and have no time to give you an interview 
Yes , you are right 
If the interviewers are not in the company , you will go there for nothing 
Sure . Why didn't I think of that 
So you should make an appointment in advance with the company for the interview 
Then how can I make the appointment 
You could directly call the company and arrange the time and place for the interview 
Ok , I see 
If you succeed in doing that , you must attend the interview on time 
Room service.What can I do for you 
This is room 2012 . Where is my laundry ? You promised to send to me this morning 
Well , let me check for you . I am sorry , sir . They mistook your order as a normal one.Actualty it's an express laundry , is that right 
Yes , I ordered the express service 
Sir , we are terribly sorry for that.We will refund the charge and send your laundry to your room 3 hours later . Is that all right 
That's fine 
Let ’ s move out of here . This apartment is too small 
I agree . I ’ ll look in the paper 
A house would be great . I could plant a garden . And you could use the garage for a workshop 
Here ’ s an interesting ad , For rent . Two-bedroom , unfurnished house , fenced yard , one-car garage . Pets OK 
How much is the rent 
The ad says $ 325 plus deposit 
When is the place available 
It ’ s available now , and it ’ s got a very good location . You won ’ t be far from work 
Have you got any specific proposal about the terms of payment 
I wonder if we can make payment for this order by documentary collection 
I'm sorry to say the only term of payment we can accept is 100 % irrevocable letter of credit payable against shipping documents 
But our order this time is very large . To open an L / C for such a large amount at a bank is costly . Can you be a bit more flexible and bend the rule a little 
I'm afraid not . We insist on a letter of credit , because as seller , we also have the problem of funds being tied up 
To be frank , a letter of credit would increase the cost of my import . When I open a letter of credit with a bank , I have to pay a deposit . That will tie up my money and add to my cost 
Consult your bank and see if they will reduce the required deposit to a minimum 
Are you free this afternoon 
I'm afraid I'm going to the gym for a workout 
How long have you been there 
I began to went there last month 
Is there any change 
Well , I think I'm in better condition now 
Really ? Is it tiring 
It was at the beginning . You just need to keep it up 
I want to go there , too . Can I 
Of course , yes 
The tranquility of the night , the chirping of some insects , everything is so natural 
I felt as if I had been in a different world 
And I was overwhelmed by this scene , too 
Good afternoon , Mrs.Vale.Please sit down 
Thank you 
Did you work as a salesperson before , Mrs.Vale 
Only as a clerk in a store 
I see . Well , consulting is a little different 
I'm a quick leamer , Mr.Jenkins 
Umm hmm.Do you have a diver's license 
Yes , and I'm a very good driver 
Fine.We provide a company car for our consultants 
Do I have to travel a lot 
Oh yes-five days a week.You have to visit customers all over the territory 
But how will I get to know the products 
You'll have to attend a three-week course . If you do well , the job is yours 
How much is the salary 
Starting salary is $ 150 a week-plus commissions , of course 
How much commission do your consultants get 
Five percent 
Well , I'm very interested in the job 
Fine.The next course starts a week from tomorrow 
Thank you 
Good luck to you 
The answer is zero ! What a let-down 
I really want to take him over my knee 
No hard feelings . After all , he is a child 
If you say so 
Harry , come here immediately 
What 
Don't take that tone with me ! I saw you hit your brother 
No ! He hit me first 
I don't care . You know better than to hit him . Go sit on your bed for 10 minutes 
May I help you 
I needed to ask you a question 
Ask away 
How many hours of the behind-the-wheel course do I need to take 
Why do you need to take the course 
I want to get my license 
You have to do six hours behind the wheel 
How many days do I need to finish the course 
You can't finish in less than three days 
Is that all 
There's nothing else to it 
That sounds easy enough 
Hi , John 
Oh , hi , Mary , come on in . Any problem 
Oh , no problem 
Great . I forgot to ask you , though . How long did you want the place 
Six months 
Oh , well , that might be a problem . I usually only sign one year leases 
Well , one year would be fine , too . I ’ m not planning on leaving the area anytime soon 
Well , if it ’ s not a problem . Then here you go 
Just let me look at it quickly 
Of course 
Looks like a standard lease 
Yeah , and don ’ t worry about the security deposit . If everything ’ s all right when you move out , you ’ ll get it back 
O . K . Great . Just sign and date it here 
Yes . Thanks . You can move your stuff in tomorrow 
Wonderful 
How many years have you done business with China 
Let me see , about five years , we established our business relationship with Hua Mei of China Import & Export Corporation in 2003 
Do you have any difficulties in doing business in China ? You know the Chinese economic legislation is still incomplete 
I don't think I have any problem with our Chinese partners . They have always followed the contract strictly . We can do business directly with the corporation . As I mentioned before , the Chinese government is trying very hard to perfect its law . Its commercial legislation provides legal protection for foreign companies 
Well , it's known that the Sino-American relation is in a dilemma . Does it influence your business in China 
Actually not at present . But we are afraid it will . You know policies influence business to some extent . I hope our government will not be influenced by some extremists . China is really a large market . We don't want to lose it 
Thank you 
You're welcome 
Where are you employed 
I have been employed as a secretary at a trading company 
What do you think of your present job 
I find it interesting 
How do you get to office 
I go to the office by bus every day 
What does your work consist of exactly 
My main responsibility is trouble-shooting between top management and the general employees 
Would you mind working overtime at night 
No , often my boss requires overtime work 
How much money are you making a month 
5,000 yuan a month 
Why do you plan to change your job 
I would like to have a job that is more lively than my present one . Besides , I would like to practise my English in my work . As my present employer deals with China trade towards China only , there isn ’ t much chance to speak English 
you don't look too well . Maybe you should take the day off from work 
I couldn't do that . I have an important meeting to go to today 
do you feel ok 
not really . After a 12 - hour flight , I've got jetlag , and on top of that , I think I've also got the flu 
why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some seat or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now 
could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever 
you're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down 
ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting 
Zach , what's that on your arm 
I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing 
it looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything 
just cats , but I don't think I was near any cats in the last couple of weeks 
I completely forgot about your cat allergy . I took care of a cat for my friend here a few days ago . Oh no . we'd better go to the doctor to get some medicine . Let's go 
shouldn't we make an appointment first 
we would , but let's just go and see if there's an opening now before it gets worse 
whatever you say . I just want to get to my meeting 
I'll be glad when winter comes 
Why is that 
Because I love the snow 
Yes , the snow is fun 
Last year we made a big snowman 
How big was it 
It was seven feet tall 
How long did it take 
It took us all day 
Did you give him a nose 
Of course . We gave him a big carrot for a nose 
Let me help you make one this year 
Do you have the same in different sizes ? The trousers are too long for me 
Let me see . Yes , here you are 
Will the trousers shrink when washed 
No , they won't . They are shrink proof 
That's good . I will take it 
I'm checking out now . Can I have my bill , please 
Sure . What's your room number , sir 
It's 876 . Here is my key card 
A minute , please . It's 6215 yuan all together , tax included 
Can I pay with traveler's check 
Sure . Can I have your passport , please 
Here you are 
From reviewing your resume I can see that you have ample experience for this position.What I want to know is why you think you ’ re right for the job 
Well I ’ m impressed with what the company has done in the past and I think by hiring me the company ’ s future can only be brighter . I find that my personal goals and ideas about business operation
So you ’ Ve acquainted yourself with the company . It ’ s refreshing to interview someone who ’ s sure of what they want 
Yes , I believe that it ’ s crucial for me to know if a company is right for me , not just if I ’ m right for the company . I ’ Ve only been impressed by what I ’ Ve read and heard and I see myself having
Commitment to the company and the team is very important to us here 
Well I ’ m definitely a team player as well as being highly self-motivated . I believe this company can fulfill my long-term goals and offer me great upward mobility . Therefore you will find in me
Where is my contract 
It ’ s all my faults . I forget where I put it 
Look at the show on TV . I am watching a food show at a very famous seafood restaurant . I really want to eat at that restaurant . I am a seafood lover 
Speaking of seafood , my mouth is watering . Let's go to the seafood restaurant in our neighborhood 
Sound great . Let's go 
Look at the crystal clear fridge . You can see so many kinds of seafood in it . They all look very fresh and delicious 
True . I would like to have some salmon sashimi and a roast salmon head 
You sound like a seafood expert . I would like to have some stir-fried squids and steamed shrimps 
You are not too bad as well . I also want to have a steamed lobster . It is really taste like heaven 
Let's go into the restaurant and find a table to order some food 
Wait . Let me tell the lady what we would like to order in front of the seafood fridge first 
OK . I will wait for you inside the restaurant
Do you think we should try some deep fried oysters 
I feel like I'm craving a salad 
What kind do you want 
I have no idea 
Caesar salads are good 
I like those too 
What kind do you plan on making 
I'd really like a salad with chicken 
Chicken salads are really good 
I always make my salads with shredded cheese , croutons , and almonds 
That sounds like a great salad 
Why don't you put it in your salad 
That sounds like a plan to me 
May doesn't get along very well with her mother-in-law 
Yeah . That's just what is troubling John 
Poor John ! He is bothering both sides of this bread 
This situation isn't easy to handle 
I don't know how to adjust my life . Would you give me a piece of advice 
You look a bit pale , don't you 
Yes , I can't sleep well every night 
You should get plenty of sleep 
I drink a lot of wine 
If I were you , I wouldn't drink too much 
I often feel so tired 
You better do some exercise every morning 
I sometimes find the shadow of death in front of me 
Why do you worry about your future ? You're very young , and you'll make great contribution to the world . I hope you take my advice 
Good morning , sir . Can I help you 
Good morning . I want to buy a lipstick for my wife because it is her birthday today 
Do you know what color your wife often wears 
Light pink 
Would you like this color or other colors 
I'd like her to have a change 
Then how do you like this plum red one 
It is nice . Is it water proof 
Yes , sir 
Okay , I'll take it . Could you help me gift wrap it 
Of course 
I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday 
What words ? Can you tell me 
He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that 
Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason 
Yes , but sometimes he is just not reasonable 
I suggest you treat him with patience , affection , and respect . If he needs to do something , like go to bed , or be washed , etc . , please guide or help him to get it done , but lead him with gentleness 
It ’ s easy to say , but I will try 
Motivate Tony to cooperate by rewarding his good behavior . Do not emphasize punishment for bad moods , etc . Do not threaten him with punishment if he resists the actions you desire 
I know my parents sometimes threaten to punish him . But this doesn ’ t work , instead he picks up another bad habit 
You are married to a foreigner , huh ? So what ’ s it like 
Well , the first year of our marriage , we had great difficulty getting along . The things that are important to me are not important to him . We had a lot of conflicts 
Yeah , I know what you mean . The first year of any marriage is difficult for all couples , not to mention two people from different cultures 
And now we have a two-year-old boy . We ’ re very happy that he ’ s healthy and smart 
Oh , so he ’ s half Chinese and half American . That ’ s unusual . What languages does he speak , then 
Right now he speaks mostly Chinese , and he can say a few English words . But he will learn 
What does he look like ? Can people tell 
Yes , people surely can . He ’ s whiter than the Chinese kids , and his hair is a little blonde . My husband says his eyes are very Chinese though 
Our major is from a bigger city 
He ’ s doing fine . A new broom sweeps clean 
He brings with him some talented people from his former city 
I think we ’ ll benefit a lot 
I think we should accept his plan 
I'm afraid I can't agree with you 
Why 
Simply because it's not practical at all 
Did you hear about Joe ? She hasn't eaten for days 
Why ? What's eating her 
Love sick . You know who she's in love with 
I don't have the slightest idea 
Someone you're living with 
What ? Not my Dad , I hope ! 
Come on , Mary , it's your brother , Jack 
No kidding ! Jack is such a log ! He's never dated a girl 
The problem with Joe is that she's too shy to tell him 
And the problem with Jack is that he seems to have no interest in girls . He's putting his heart into his stamp collection 
Well , if you want to help your friend , you should do something about it 
You know what , last night I almost got hit by a vase falling from the third floor 
Oh , how dreadful ! I ’ m ever so sorry 
Luckily that was nothing serious 
Thank God 
I saw your ad in The New York Times . I am seriously considering one of the apartments listed in it 
We are happy to help you . May I know which one it is 
The two-bedroom apartment on 38th east street 
Oh , it is conveniently located , isn't it 
That's why I think it may suit my needs 
I believe it will . It comes furnished . You can move in immediately after the lease is signed 
The ad says the rent would be 840 dollars per month . Is it true 
Yes . But not including the utilities 
Will it possible for me to rent the apartment on a month-by-month basis 
I believe that can be arranged . But there should be a refundable security deposit , you know 
Oh , that's no problem 
I can't believe you wear jeans to the office ! Are you trying to lose your job 
Of course not . I'm just observing casual day . On Fridays , the company doesn't require us to wear formal business attire 
Wow ! Nobody told me about that . Won't the relaxed dress code damage the company image 
We don't think so . Casual days are becoming more common , and we believe employees can maintain a professional image without wearing uncomfortable clothes 
I guess it lets people express their individual tastes . But won't some people abuse it 
Not really . Besides , there is a separate dress code for casual day . People can't just wear whatever they want 
It seems that a relaxed atmosphere could hinder productivity 
Believe it or not , it has the opposite effect . Employees are actually more productive on casual days 
Good morning , Family . We'll have our board meeting this afternoon . Can you write the agenda on the notice board 
What will you discuss at the meeting 
We'll talk about the financial report for the first half of the year 
And anything else 
We'll also discuss the personnel plan for the second half of the year 
That's all 
Yes . Please write them down on the notice board . I want everybody to see them 
OK 
What can I do for you 
I have a problem with this check 
What ’ s wrong 
I wrote out a check for $ 100 and it bounced 
Do you have enough money in your checking account 
I believe so 
Give me a moment , and I ’ ll check 
All right . Thanks 
You only have $ 57 left in your checking account 
That ’ s impossible 
I ’ m sorry , but that ’ s what our records show 
Okay . Thanks . Have a nice day 
Would you like anything else 
No , I'm stuffed . The check , please 
Here you are , sir . I hope you enjoyed your dinner 
Yes , we did . Do I pay you or the cashier 
Pay me , please 
Here you are 
Thank you . The change , sir 
Such bad luck , 200 yuan was stolen by a thief on the bus today 
Don't be angry , you lose money just to avoid misfortune 
Well , you can just comfort yourself like that 
Hey , Tom , I want to learn how to play golf 
You're really sporty 
I want to do everything I can 
Do you have clubs 
No . Can I rent clubs 
There are clubs for beginners . It's cheaper to buy those rather than rent them a few times 
What kinds of clubs 
Like the seven-piece set . It's only $ 120 
I'll buy a set . But you have to teach me 
Okay 
Have you ever been to Britain 
Oh yes , I ’ Ve been to Britain many times . I go there on business 
Really ? How often do you go there 
Usually , I go to London twice a year but sometimes I go three or four times a year 
Do you always go on business or do you sometimes go for a holiday 
I ’ m afraid I never go for a holiday . It ’ s always business 
Do you have any other questions 
Yes , may I ask something about the salary and benefits in your company 
According to our regulations , you will be on probation for the first three months 
What is the salary while on probation 
In this period , you can only get the basic salary , 2,500 yuan per month 
That sounds fine 
The salary will be deposited into the bank on the 15th every month . Your salary will be raised every year in October , depending on your performance 
Are there paid holidays 
Yes , you may enjoy a seven-day holiday in the first year . After that , you can have two more days each year 
Hello , I'm Jack . Are you Christina 
Yes I am . Nice to meet you , Jack 
Are you from Italy , Christina 
No , I am German . I live in Munich 
Really , I went to Munich last week 
And did you like it 
Oh , yes . It is a fantastic city . And I like German food as well 
And where are you from , Jack 
I am from California in the United States . But I am now studying in England 
What are you studying 
I am studying languages . This year I am doing German and Italian 
Oh , excellent . Why don't we talk in German for a while then 
How are you getting along with your paper 
I haven't finished it . It is very difficult 
You should hand it in before next Sunday 
Oh , I know . I will try my best 
I believe you can do a good job 
Good morning . My name is Mr . Brown . I ’ m from Australia . Here is my card 
Thank you . I ’ m pleased to meet you , Mr . Brown . My name is Kathy Pewless , the representative of Green Textile Import and Export Corporation 
Pleased to meet you too , Ms . Pewless . I travel a lot every year on business , but this is my first visit to your country . I must say I have been much impressed by your friendly people 
Thank you for saying so . Have you seen the exhibition halls ? On display are most of our products , such as silk , woolen knitwear , cotton piece goods , and garments 
Oh , yes . I had a look yesterday . I found some of the exhibits to be fine in quality and beautiful in design . The exhibition has successfully displayed to me what your corporation handles . I ’ Ve gone over the catalogue and the pamphlets enclosed in your last letter . I ’ Ve got some idea of your exports . I ’ m interested in your silk blouses 
Our silk is known for its good quality . It is one of our trade - trional exports . Silk blouses are brightly colored and beau - fully designed . They ’ Ve met with great favor overseas and are always in great demand 
There are prescriptions 
One second , please . All right , here are your painkillers 
Thank you 
You are welcome 
Jason . There ’ s a snag in the plans for the Hoover Center 
What ’ s wrong ? I thought everything was set 
Well , it was . But the contractor ’ s just told me he ’ s not going to be able to finish by the twentieth , as planned 
Maybe we could work out an overtime schedule . It ’ s definitely worth it to finish by the twentieth 
My warmest congratulations on your promotion 
Thanks . It ’ s nothing special actually 
Don ’ t say that . It owes to your efforts and team spirit 
Oh , it was nothing . Anyone could have done it . I still have a lot to learn yet 
You are very modest . Best luck in your new position 
Thank you . I won ’ t let this promotion change me 
There ’ s a big sale on clothes and sporting goods at Riverside Mall 
Sporting goods ? Is that bike Tim wanted on sale 
Yeah , it ’ s 30 percent off the regular price 
Well , maybe we could get it now and hide it until his birthday 
Yeah , it ’ s a couple weeks away , and we don ’ t have anything yet 
Don ’ t buy him underwear again . He hates that 
I know , I know , but if I didn ’ t buy it for him , he ’ d never buy it 
See anything else we need there 
Well , all shoes are 20 percent off 
Shoes ? You already have a closet full of shoes 
I know , but another pair can ’ t hurt 
Oh , all right . I need some new shirts , too . Let ’ s go after breakfast 
Is this the workshop to prepare for an interview 
This is the interview class . Welcome to our class 
I am really excited to be taking this workshop so that I can get ready for my interview next week 
We are all learning things that will help us in our interview . What do you think are some important considerations going into your interview 
I think that we should dress neatly and appropriately 
Yes . Second , as you can imagine , attitude and friendliness go a long way 
Yes , and I always feel much better when I am friendly 
Believe it or not , the interviewers are as interested in your questions as they are in your answers 
Any more hints as to what I should do in an interview 
Always be honest with your answers . The interviewers really do want to know if you will be a good fit for them 
I've never met anyone like Clyde before 
He's such a buppie-a black yuppie . Black people come in all shapes and sizes . Just check out the party 
Wow ! There are so many different people here . I expected mostly athletes and rappers 
You'll find some of those here , too . But not if you don't shake it up ! There's an African saying , “ If you can talk , you can sing ! If you can walk , you can dance ! 
Then I'll just shut up and sit down 
Are you ready to order , sir 
Yes . Can you show me the menu , please 
Of course . Here you are 
Then , what's special tonight 
Our seafood is fresh . I recommend shrimp with garlic 
All right . We'll have some seafood and vegetables 
I ’ d like to check in please 
Certainly . Can I have the name please 
Mr Harold Smith 
Ok , Are you checking out tomorrow 
Yes , I am . That ’ s right 
Will you need a wake up call , sir 
Yes please . At 6.30 am 
Ok then , your room is 502 on the fifth floor . Breakfast is served between 6.30 am and 9am . Enjoy your stay 
Thank you 
I'm reading an interesting report on Mars 
Oh , what does it say ? Does it say water could still exist under the surface of Mars 
Absolutely ! It says there is water on Mars buried beneath the surface . It's just a matter of how deep it is 
Then could the soil on Mars somehow be fertile enough to Groh simple plants 
The soil would need quite a bit of fertilizer to grow anything . And it would need to be protected from the UV radiation 
Actually , we are doing a project in school that involves landing a ship and staying on Mars for an extended period of time . Does NASA have any type of portable habitats that could be used to stay on the planet 
I'm not sure NASA has built any portable habitats for extended stays on Mars , but they have looked at various designs 
One of the most exciting things about Mars is that there could have bean life on it . What are your personal opinions on the life on Mars theory 
Well , I'm not really an expert in this area , but my understanding is that anything is possible . It's just that it is so hard to determine what went on 4.5 billion years ago 
But maybe there is a chance of gradually improving the surface and atmosphere of Mars so it may be inhabitable by humans 
I'm skeptical . Mars is made of rocks containing silicon , iron , and various minerals . It also has an atmosphere of carbon dioxide . It is so different from what we have on earth , you know 
I'd still like to hope that some day we could set up a human colony there 
But there are still other big problems we need to solve such as prolonged weightlessness , food storage , and a series of physiological effects 
Can you make the tea , Sam 
Yes , of course I can , Penny . Is there any water in this kettle 
Yes , there is 
Where ’ s the tea 
It ’ s over there , behind the teapot . Can't you see it 
I can see the teapot , but I can ’ t see the tea 
There it is ! It ’ s in front of you 
Ah yes , I can see it now . Where are the cups 
There are some in the cupboard . Can you find them 
Yes . Here they are 
Hurry up , Sam . The kettle ’ s boiling 
Hi , Mel , would you like to come and have a cup of coffee this afternoon 
I ’ d love to , but you know I ’ Ve got another appointment . I ’ m really sorry 
I see . Then what about tomorrow , at Starbucks 
I ’ m afraid not , George . You gotta know something , I ’ m not available any more . but I know Becky has a crush on ya 
Are you kidding me ? Becky ? She ’ s a real bitch 
Look at these gorgeous paintings 
They are beautiful 
Why not take a picture 
Of course . I will 
What ? You want to leave early 
Yes . Can I 
Do you really need to 
Yes . Is it OK with you 
Is it important 
Yes . Do you mind 
You really have to 
Yes . Will you let me 
I guess so 
What can I do for you today 
I have a question 
What do you need to know 
I need to take the driver's course . How many hours do I need 
It depends on what you're trying to do with the completion of the course 
I need to get my license 
You're going to need to complete six hours 
How many hours a day can I do 
You can do two hours a day for three days 
That's all I need to do to finish 
Yes , that's all you need to do 
Thanks . I'll get back to you 
I would like to make an offer on this house , but I don ’ t know much about the process 
As your realtor , I am here to take care of this process . How much were you planning on offering 
I really like the house and will pay the full asking price of three hundred and fifty thousand dollars 
We want to leave ourselves some bargaining room . Let ’ s offer three hundred and twenty thousand dollars 
That sounds good , but I don ’ t want this house to get away from me 
The market is fairly down right now , so the offer is a realistic one 
When will we know if they accept the offer 
The owners usually respond to an offer within a few days 
Should I be contacting my bank in the meantime 
You are already pre-qualified for your loan , so you are in good shape 
Hi . I ’ m here for flight 513 to New York but I thought I heard the paging system announce that it is canceled . Is that true 
I ’ m terribly sorry , sir , but I ’ m afraid it is true . That flight has been canceled . Would you like to try to book tomorrow ’ s flight 
No way ! I worked very hard so that I could leave on today ’ s flight . Are there seats on another airline 
It ’ s possible . If you would like to book with another airline the line is right over there 
You mean the line over there of about 200 people ? 
That ’ s the one . It seems that everyone is anxious to get to New York tonight 
This is a rotten way to start a vacation . I HATE lines ! Can you book me on tomorrow ’ s flight 
Certainly . You will also be receiving a 50 % discount as our way of apologizing for the inconvenience 
Most people in Montreal speak French 
Are there any people who speak English 
Only less than 20 percent of the citizens speak English 
Tom , we are in the restaurant now 
May I take your order 
I'd like to see the menu , please 
OK , here you are 
Thanks . I am starving . Tom , what are you getting 
I have no idea . First time here 
Let me see ... What's this , shrimp rolls 
Oh , it's rice rolls with fried shrimp inside 
Twenty five yuan is a little expensive 
There are twenty rolls in a bowl . You can get another bowl for free if there aren't enough rolls 
Sounds nice . We will take this , two bowls of shrimp rolls 
OK , shrimp rolls . Do you want anything else 
We will have this one first and order something else later 
OK , wait a moment please 
May , look at this mess ! You threw waste everywhere 
It ’ s not my fault . Daniel always sends things flying 
You mean it shuts off to save energy 
Yep . And it breathes , see 
It's not breathing 
Yes , it is . Look at the little light ! It blinks off and on 
Jen , it's not alive ... but it does look user-friendly 
I would look so cool carrying this around 
hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came 
of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends 
yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas 
how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you 
oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn
yeah , Jenny and I got married right after graduation . It was tough the first years trying to make ends meet . I was supporting us both while she continued her studies . But now things are getting better
oh , that sounds wonderful . I have always known you two would make it . I hope I can keep in better contact with you guys . I don't want us to drift apart again 
definitely ! Actually , we just moved into a new place . There's a house-warming party this Saturday , if you are free ? I know Jenny would love to see you again and it should be a good party 
sounds great ! I'll be there 
What do you do besides work and watching TV 
When I have some time , I like to exercise 
Do you go jogging or do you go to a health club 
I joined Samsung Health Club a couple of months ago 
How do you exercise 
I usually spend 30 minutes on the bicycle for the Carpio , and then I lift weight for about 45 minutes 
How often do you go 
I want to go four times a week , but I'm too lazy . Last week , I only went to workout once 
How was your job at the state-owned enterprise 
Oh , I no longer work there . I'm working with a multi-national corporation 
You changed jobs again ? Why do you move so frequently 
I want to try different things before I find the one I really like 
Why don't you stick with one job for a bit longer 
I could handle everything pretty well in the old position , so I decided to move around and learn something new 
How's your current job going 
I'm pretty satisfied with it . I can broaden my experience , learn lots of new things , and have more development opportunities 
Excuse me . I've been waiting here for 15 mins . Do you know how often does No . 3 run 
Oh , it runs every 20 mins . You must have missed it , when you came here . It should be here any minute now 
It seems that you have got here at a good time . Do you have a bus schedule 
Yes , I do . You can go to the Transport Department to get yourself a bus schedule and a bus route map 
I see , thank you 
Welcome , sir . What can I do for you 
May I have a look at that china tea set ? It is extremely beautiful 
You've made a good choice . This china tea set is unusual . It was made in Jingdezhen 
Jingdezhen ? Oh , I know it . Isn't it called the capital of porcelain 
Yes , sir 
Oh , it must be very precious . Is it breakable 
No , if you take some care when you use them 
How much is it 
Two thousand 
Oh , it is beyond my purse 
Steven , have a rest . Could you have a talk with me 
OK ! What can I do for you , Madam 
Janice has just got sick and I need a hand now . Could you come here earlier tomorrow morning 
When do you want me to come 
Let me think . About half past seven if it is okay for you 
That's fine . I can make it 
Sorry , honey , something has cropped up again . I have to deal with it . Perhaps I will go to back home till very late 
It's nothing . It's not the first time anyway 
Oh , come on . I will be back as early as possible 
I hope so 
I heard that James was fired because he got a keep back of 20 thousands dollars from a vender 
That ’ s open secret 
But mine could be a lie for his job 
How did you know that 
A little bird whispered to me . Keep that to yourself 
Do you think the weather will be good this weekend 
I heard it might rain 
Oh . That ’ s a pity . I thought that we might go hiking in the hills 
Mmm ... Well we could go to that new art gallery instead 
Yes that might be a better idea 
Maybe we ’ ll meet some of the artists too 
Ok - let ’ s do that then 
May I help you 
Do you have the latest lipstick from Christian Dior 
Yes . What colors do you like 
Any special colors 
How about this one 
Can I try it on and see how it looks 
Of course . This product moisturizes at the same time 
Looks good . I'll take it 
Hello
Hi Angela , it's Dan 
Hi B . How are you 
Good 
I called you yesterday . Did you get my message 
Yes , I was taking a shower when you called . I saw that you called and I tried to call you back , but I think your phone was off 
No problem . I wanted to remind you that my friend is getting married next week . You're still coming to the wedding with me , right 
Oh , is that next week 
Yes . Did you forget 
No , of course not . I already bought them a present 
That's good . I want to invite Megan also . Next time you see her , can you tell her for me 
Sure . Does she know your friend 
Yes , I think they might have gone to the same college or something like that . I'm not exactly sure how they know each other 
Are we all going to drive together 
Yes . I'll pick you up first , and then we'll go get Megan 
What a wonderful party ! I had a good time . How about you 
I enjoyed myself , too 
Shall I give you a ride home 
Yes , if it's not too much of a trouble 
It's no trouble at all because your house is on the way to my place 
That's great . Let's go 
Come on , Jenny , we are heading our way to the Opera House 
I am dead tired and I can't walk any further 
Oh , I am sorry , I thought you were not 
Why don't we stop and have a rest here 
Fine . Actually I am a little tired too . Want some water 
We will go to climb up the hill tomorrow . Let's go to supermarket to buy some food 
Yes , we can have a picnic on the top of the hill 
What should we buy 
Let me see . We should go to buy some fruit first 
It is heavy and not convenient to take them to the top 
How about taking a cantaloupe ? It is light and sweet . Children love it 
Good idea . We can buy some candy and nuts for children 
Yes . Look , cashew , peanuts , assorted biscuits , chocolate , canned goods , anything else 
That's enough for the kids . Get some drinks 
Definitely beer . Two bottles 
Right . We should buy some yoghurt for kids 
Yes . Shall we buy some saucers ? It will be used during our picnic 
OK . Four saucers . We can buy some custard tarts tomorrow morning 
Let's go to queue up . There are so many people in the lines 
What sort of salary did you get at your previous job 
Well , I got $ 3,000 per month 
I see . I am sure we can offer you $ 3 , 500 at the beginning . Would that be satisfactory 
Yes , I think so . That would be more than I have wished 
Good . We also have health insurance , bonus and paid vacation . When can you begin to work 
What about early next week 
Good . Please come in on Monday . Working hours are from eight to four-thirty . Lunch is fifty-five minutes 
Yes , sir 
Excuse me , Mr . Graham ? I have something I need to discuss with you 
I ’ m in a bit of a hurry , Louise . Can it wait 
I would really appreciate it if we could talk for a few minutes now . It ’ s about the overtime you ’ Ve asked me to put in 
All right . Why don ’ t you have a seat ? What ’ s the problem 
Could I have my hair dyed 
Certainly , which color do you want to dye it 
I want the latest fashion , can you make some suggestions 
Right now , many girls are dyeing there hair blond 
I don't think that was suit me very well , blond is kind of erratic 
What do you think about pink 
Oh , no . I think it's better to be a natural chinese , with natural chinese hair.Have you got good brand of hair dye 
Yes , we have several brands , which one do you prefer 
I want the best one 
First , you need a shampoo , it makes it easier for your hair to be dyed . Let's down your hair in the water , you hair will be fairly clean that way 
After this dye job , it feels I look younger 
You hair is definitely fresh and shiner looking 
You talked like the Terminator for two months ? Wow , I think you liked that movie even more than I liked ' Titanic . ' Why did you like ' Terminator ' so much 
Well , ' Terminator ' is a really great action movie , and I like action movies because they're exciting 
Isn't ' Terminator ' really violent ? I usually don't like gory movies because they gross me out 
It is pretty violent , but since it's just robots fighting one another , it isn't very bloody and so it won't gross you out 
Hmm ... I don't know . Even though it may not be gory , I think it would still totally freak me out 
I quit my job 
You can't be serious 
Let me get the keys and we ’ ll go to look at it 
Okay 
It ’ s the one you like 
Wow ! It ’ s really good for me , especially the living room . It is big enough to put all my stuff there . It ’ s a deal ! I ’ ll rent this one 
Okay . Now we need you to fill a form with your personal information . We need information like social insurance number ( Social security number in the US ) , your address , phone number , etc . We also need a security deposit of $ 200 . And you have to pay two months ’ rent in advance for renting the first time . If there ’ s nothing damaged , we ’ ll give you back one month ’ s rent when you move out . You ’ ll be responsible for all the utilities . Do you want to sign a lease today 
Sure 
Oh , one more thing I forgot . You must let us know two months in advance if you want to stop renting within the contract . Otherwise , you can ’ t get your deposit back 
Okay . Thank you for your reminder 
You ’ re welcome . Be sure to get the keys one day before you move in 
Thank you again 
Dou you think I should join a basketball team , Mary 
Why not . If I were you , I certainly would 
But I'm afraid it will take too much of my time 
As the saying goes , work value work , play value play . All work and no play make a jucky-dull boy , you know 
Em , you ’ re right 
IMPF Bank , Li Lan speaking , how may I help you 
Hello , Ms Li , this is Mr Peng 
Hello , Mr Peng , how nice to hear from you again . What can I do for you today 
We'll be coming in tomorrow to make a rather large cash withdrawal , it's for payroll 
I see . How much exactly 
500,000 RIB . Do you need me to give you my account number 
No , that's OK . I've got all of your information here on the screen in front of me . The money will be ready and waiting for you tomorrow 
Thanks very much for your help , Li Lan . See you tomorrow 
I can't believe it , I had faith in Bob and he let me down 
I know what you mean 
Really 
Yes , he did the same to me 
What is the weather like today 
It stops snowing , but there's a bit wind 
And the streets are covered with ice . Do you know what the temperature is today 
I missed today's weather for cast in the radio
It seems 10 degree below zero at least . I don't mind the cold weather , but do hate when it get slippery 
The ice is soon be thick for skating . I'm so fine to want a sport
That's fine . let's go skating together tomorrow 
I really dislike reading academic books 
That may be so , but reading them is an important way to expand your knowledge 
Hey , what's new 
Not much . Just sitting here eating some Chinese food . Is that the paper ? Why don't you open it and tell me my horoscope 
Ok , wait a minute ... let's see . I'm a Taurus , and it says , Mars is in the third house , and is soon to eclipse Venus . I don't know what that means , but then it says , Your charm and drive will win others over to your way of thinking . Remember to be positive . Sounds good to me 
What about Gemini ? What's the prediction 
Since Mercury has crossed paths with Jupiter , your fortunes are falling . Bad luck will follow you today , and you will lose that which you value . Be careful 
That sounds bad ! I'm really worried , what should I do ? Maybe I should go home and stay in the rest of the day 
But we have a date tonight ! You can't stay at home because of a stupid horoscope 
Excuse me , how many sightseeing spots are there in the park 
There are about 20 main spots and some other small spots 
Do I have to buy extra ticket if I want to visit the main spots 
Yes , some of the spots charges separately 
Well , do you have through tickets 
Yes , sir , it's $ 20 
Dad , what's the date 
It's December eighteenth 
In seven days it will be Christmas Day 
Yes , I know that 
So , can I buy some new shoes as a Christmas present 
Sure , a promise is a promise 
I really hope to reach an agreement with you today that is suitable and beneficial for us both . I've thought through a lot of these details , and I hope we can have a chance to discuss them and resolve any differences this afternoon 
Let's get start . What kinds of things do you have in mind ? If you let us know the requirements you have from the very beginning , we can work through each one until we can come to an agreement 
Firstly , we'd like to discuss a discounted price . If you can give us a discount of 7 % on the high volumes orders , we can pay in 60 days 
Huh ... I think 7 % is little high that might be hard to do . How about this ? We'll give you a discount of 4 % , but you can have 90 days credits 
Well , that might be acceptable , if you handle the insurance fees 
No , you have to take care of the insurance . But we are willing to pay the half transport . Can you accept that 
We cover the insurance and half the transport fee , and only have a discount of 4 % 
But you'll have 90 days to pay your bill and I'll tell you what ... I'll also throw in the discount of 10 % on your up front deposit 
Done ..
Shall I make some coffee , Jane 
That's a good idea , Charlotte 
It's ready . Do you want any milk 
Just a little please 
What about some sugar ? Two teaspoonfuls 
No , less than that . One and a half teaspoonfuls please . That's enough for me . That was very nice 
Would you like some more 
Yes , please . I'd like a cigarette , too . May I have one 
Of course . I think there are a few in that box 
I'm afraid it's empty 
What a pity 
It doesn't matter 
Have a biscuit instead . Eat more and smoke less 
That's very good advice 
I can ’ t find my purse . Have you seen it 
No , I haven ’ t 
I ’ Ve looked everywhere for it . I must have left it somewhere . I hope I haven ’ t lost it 
Perhaps you left that at school 
No , I had it when I left school this afternoon 
Well . Didn ’ t you go around to the Smith after school ? You might have left it there 
Yes , I ’ d better give her a call now 
But she can ’ t be home now . She might have gone to the library 
Perhaps I should call her later 
How do you like the food sold in this sidewalk snack booth 
At least , it is better than my boxed lunch at work . I'm so fed up with the bland food . Thank you for having lunch with me 
Any time . But I don't mind eating boxed lunch . The food sanitation is really good too 
It's hard to believe that you like it . You are so easy to be satisfied 
Hey , it's not that bad . The food is nutritious and it's really convenient . I don't want to spend too much time on eating stuff 
Eating is important . You are what you eat . It's not only a daily routine 
Well , will you just go back to work after lunch 
No . I'm going to pay the bill for the company's lunch 
But you didn't eat anything today 
Well , the bill is paid by month . That's probably the only thing that I like about a take-out restaurant 
All right . I'm going to the McDonald's 
For what ? I thought you didn't like western food 
No , I never did . It's for my son . He loves it , and I made an agreement with him that he can eat it once a week 
That's really smart . My son Daniel is the same with your son . I just don't get it , why all the kids prefer western food to traditional food 
Me , either . But , it's for sure that the children market is a really big one 
That's for sure . It's always hard for the parents to say no to their children 
We are interested in your pure silk , but I'm wondering about the price . How much will you possibly offer us 
It's $ 120 per yard including a 5 % discount 
That's much higher than I expected . Can you come down a bit 
But if you placed a larger order , we would increase the discount to 10 % 
Supposing we agreed to your price , what payment terms could you offer us 
Maybe we would consider a longer credit period 
That would be nice . Let's call it a deal 
Thanks a lot for having us . We had a good time 
I'm glad you came . You're welcome anytime 
Thanks . By the way , tell your wife she throws a great party 
I will . See you later 
Should I go now 
Nice and easy . Just give it a little gas 
Nothing is happening 
First you have to put the car into gear . Move this shifter so the arrow points at D for drive 
What do these other letters mean 
R is for reverse , P is for park , and D1 and D2 are lower gears for going through snow , or up a steep hill 
Honey , I think you should quit smoking 
Why ? You said I was hot when smoking 
But I want you to be fit 
Smoking is killing . I know 
Check out this article . It says smoking can lead to lung cancer 
I don ’ t believe it 
But you know that smoking does harm to health , right 
Of course I know it , but you know it's hard to quit smoking ..
Stop beating around the bush . Will you quit or not 
Yes , ma'am . Whatever you say 
The bridegroom looks a bit nervous 
On this occasion , most people do 
Oh , they are playing the wedding March . Here they come 
She is a beautiful bride 
I am so happy for them 
Are you crying 
Yes , I always cry at weddings 
Harris and Anne are perfect for each other 
Yes , they are 
You and Tom also make a great couple 
In fact , we are beginning to make preparations 
For the wedding 
No , no , for the engagement 
Try to catch this bouquet then 
These goods can be broken very easily , so we would be thankful if you would be sure to use durable packing materials 
That will be no problem . We never use any kind of inferior packaging . Your goods will be safe 
Good . Can we ask you to put a country of origin mark on each container 
We always do that , but I will make a point to check it for you since it is so important 
Do you always put a quality mark on each container ? For this shipment it is crucial to us that you do 
We don't usually do that unless we are asked to . I'lI tell my staff to take care of this for you 
Thanks . This shipment is so important to us there cannot be any foul-ups 
You know , Taylor's been in the hospital for a couple of days 
And I'm the one who put him there with my football moves 
But you're not to blame for them keeping him there 
Yeah , what was all that stuff about running tests about anyway 
I'm not sure , but we can find out . I bought some crosswords to keep him busy 
Great , then let's go visit him . I want to give him some flowers , too , to say sorry 
I'm free on Sunday . I'd like to take a look in Beijing City , could you tell me where to go 
Sure , no problem . I'll ring to have a city tour.on sunday morning we can go to the Great Wall , then we can go to the summer palace in the afternoon . In the evening we can have typical dinner in restaurant in Beijing . Quanjude , a restaurant serving roast ducks . However if you don't like above trips , we can go some famous places outside of Beijing 
Any place will be fine . you make the decision 
What time shall we start 
I will pick you up at your hotel at eight in the morning 
Ok , then see you in sunday morning 
Um , which of them is the better typist 
Well , Mary types faster than Jones . But I think Jones types more carefully 
Is there any difference in their short hand 
Jones can certainly take down letter more quickly , but Mary ’ s short hand is the best in her class 
How about languages 
Both of them speak excellent French . But I think Mary speaks German more fluently than Jones does 
Um . That doesn ’ t really matter . Because we have more French visitors than German 
Waiter , a table for two , please 
Yes , this way please 
Can we see the menu please 
Here you are 
What ’ s good today 
I recommend crisp beef and fried duck 
We don ’ t want that . Well . perhaps will be begin with mushroom soap and follow by some seafood and chips 
Do you want any dissert 
no dissert , thanks , just coffee.can I have the check please 
how's your job search going 
I don't know . I only started looking for a job a few days ago 
I see . Have you found anything that you're interested in 
I've only found a few openings in my field 
what kind of job are you looking for 
I'm trying to find a job in sound engineering 
there's not a very high demand for that kind of job , is there 
unfortunately not . If I can't find anything in the field , then I could also work in the tourism field 
that's a good idea . You have plenty of experience in the tourism industry , don't you 
yes 
by the way , I saw a job in the paper this morning that you might be interested in 
really ? what is it 
it's a job at a recruitment agency 
that's interesting . Do you think they'd hire me 
well , you have plenty of experience job hunting . I think you'd be the perfect person for the job 
that's true . I might as well call them up and see if I can get an interview . Do you have the details 
sure , it's the ad circled with a red pen in the middle of the classifieds . Good luck 
When she told me that she would marry no man but Dick , my heart was almost in my mouth 
You were scared , too ? I dared not tell you my feeling when I heard that . I almost got fainted 
I could not and can ’ t make out the reason why she would set her heart on a man like Dick . He plays the field with many girls 
But Sarah says she does not care , so long as he loves her 
Did you have any publications 
Yes , I wrote a thesis entitled English Education in High School and it was published in the Education Magazine 
Have you received any honors 
Yes , I was chosen as a Three Goods student many times in college 
Have you ever thought about having children , Kaitlyn 
My husband and I have thought about it , but we've decided not to have any . They're just too expensive . Besides , with all the news about global warming on the news lately , who knows what kind of Worl
Well , I've always wanted to have lots of children . Growing up with only one brother , I always felt a bit lonely . What do you think about families with only one child 
For me , growing up in a big family always made me yearn for attention . I always wanted to be an only child so that I could always do what I wanted and so that I wouldn't ever have to share 
Don't you think you would miss having other people around 
No way ! I spent 20 years of my life with relatives around me 24-7 . You know , I don't think I've ever actually spent any time by myself in my parents ' home . What do you think fo the one-child policy
If China didn't have such a policy , can you imagine how many people there would be in China now 
That's true . But as a woman , I'm glad that even though I don't want any children , I at least have a choice in how many children I have . On the other hand , I can't imagine what China would be like
Do you think most families with many children envy or feel sorry for other families with only one child 
I don't know what other people think , but I , for one , envy only children 
Will you be at the family reunion next year 
Yes , we'll be there , come hell or high water 
Have you seen the movie Batwoman 
No , not yet . Is it good 
Yes , it's quite amusing , actually . Good plot , and Sharon Stone's in it 
Oh , she's good . She must be getting on a bit now 
Yeah , but she looks amazing 
So what's the movie about 
Well , it's about this woman who got murdered because she discovered some company secrets about the cosmetics company she worked for . But then she got reincarnated as a cat 
Huh 
I know . Stay with me . She then decided to get her revenge by revealing the company secret and killing the boss . First , though , she had to discover her true cat nature . At the end she had a big fight with Sharon Stone , who was the real danger in the company . She had actually murdered the boss , who was her husband , and then tried to frame Batwoman for the murder , so everyone thought Batwoman was evil 
I see . Batwoman married the boss 
No . Sharon Stone was married to the boss , who treated her badly , so she killed him . So where was I ? OK , so then , at the same time she fell in love with a cop , who was investigating the murder of the boss . Finally , she ditched the cop to follow her feline nature 
Wait a minute , I'm lost . The cop killed the boss 
No , Sharon Stone did 
And Sharon Stone is Batwoman 
Haven't you been listening to a word I've been saying 
So who does he think he is , anyway , I can't believe the way that my boss has been ordering everyone around lately , I mean , it's now like he is the CEO , or anything 
Um ... Actually I am guessing you didn't get the MEMO . Your boss was selected to fill the vacancy in the CEO slot . He actually is the CEO now , or will be , as soon as the official press releases and hoopla is done with 
Yikes ! you are joking , right ? I can't believe it . No wonder he is so stressed and bossy lately . I thought he was just being ostentatious by giving orders to people and all the different departments . What big shoes to fill 
No kidding ! When the last CEO left , we were worried about the future of the company 
What does a CEO do anyway ? I know the CEO makes the most money in the company , but what does he actually do 
He is responsible to the board of directors for everything that happens in the company . He or she must give leadership to all company officers , as CEO is also responsible for providing the guidance of philosophy of the company , and acting as official representative , or face of the company 
Must be one smart guy 
have you moved into your new house yet , Michael 
we just moved in yesterday , actually 
so , what do you think about the place ? Are you glad that you moved in 
it's great ! Unfortunately , we're going to spend a fortune doing everything up 
how old is the house then 
it's about 200 years old . It has a lot of history 
sounds fascinating . Where is your new house located 
it's just off of the ring road 
do you have a big yard 
it's bigger than our last one . I've got flowers in the front , and fruits , vegetables and a fish pond in the back 
is your house well-lit 
oh , yes . Our windows let plenty of natural light in . They've also got wonderful views of the park behind our house 
how many rooms does your house have 
right now , there are three bedrooms , two barrooms , a kitchen , a sitting room , a dining room , and a living room . We're hoping to add on a green room and a guest bedroom . In fact , when the guest room i
I'd be up for that 
Mom , give me a glass of orange juice 
What the magic ward to say if you want something good to happen 
Oh , sorry mom , i forgot.please give me a glass of orange juice 
Ok , here you are 
Oh , it is nice and cold , definitely good orange juice 
Amy , you forgot another magic word 
Oh , sorry again , thank you mom 
You are very welcome 
Hi , this is China Southern Airlines . Is that Miss . Ye 
Yes , speaking . What can I do for you 
I am responsible for verifying your information before you come for the interview . What , uh , position do you want ... uh ... to do 
Pardon ? Your way of articulating is too slow . Would you speak a little faster 
Sorry , I am used to speaking in a slow pace , but I will try to be faster . What position do you want to do 
I have been yearning for a job as a stewardess in an airline like yours 
Excuse me . Could you tell me how to get to the library 
Of course . It's on Memorial Avenue 
On Memorial Avenue 
Right . You know where that is 
I'm afraid I don't . I'm quite new in town 
Well , do you know where the post office is 
No , I don't . But I do know where the shopping mall is 
That won't help us . Let me see now ... Why don't you follow this street , Elm , until , you get to the second stoplight 
Well , thank you very much , I hope I can find it 
May I take your order now 
Yes , bring me a bottle of wine and filet steak 
Do you want some salad dressing 
Yes , what kind do you have 
We have Italian , French , thousand island and blue cheese 
I think French will be fine 
Hi . May I help you 
Yes . What's the buying rate for euro 
1.15 U . S . dollars to the euro 
Okay . I'd like to change some euro into US dollars , please 
Sure . How much would you like to change 
Six hundred euro 
Very good . May I see your passport 
Here you are 
How would you like your bills 
In fifties please 
I passed all the tests , Mom 
Well done 
Hello , Beijing Hotel 
Hello ! Do you have any rooms available tomorrow night 
Sure.How many rooms do you need 
Just one 
What kind of room 
I need a room with two double beds 
Smoking or non-smoking 
Non 
How many nights will you be staying 
Six nights 
Ok . I just need your name and credit card number to hold the room 
Oh you look awful ! What ’ s the matter 
Oh ! I feel really under the weather . I ’ Ve got a sore throat and a bad cough 
Oh dear . Maybe you ’ Ve caught a cold 
Yes , I ’ Ve had lots of overtime to do recently and I haven ’ t slept much at all 
Well then , you should get some rest this weekend and don ’ t go out drinking 
Yes , I think you ’ re right 
I'm looking for a necklace for my girl friend as a birthday present 
You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of necklaces for you to choose from 
I like that one over there . Can you show it to me 
Do you mean the exquisite golden necklace 
Exactly . How much do you want for it 
It costs only two thousand yuan 
Is it made of pure gold 
Yes , it is , and the lustre will never fade out 
I'll take it . Please wrap it up for me and give me the receipt 
I can't believe the way our landlord cheated us 
I know how you feel . I had a similar problem with a landlord a few years ago . Fortunately , the one we have now is very nice 
Good morning , Angela , how have you been lately 
Morning , Michael . I ’ Ve been very busy lately . One of our other vendors is going out of business and I ’ Ve been searching for a suitable replacement 
Well , rest assured that you can count on us to be here for the long run , sitdown.Coffee 
No , thanks . I ’ Ve been trying to cut down on the caffeine 
Haha , I could never do that . I ’ d be a zombie if I didn ’ t have my morning coffee fix . Let ’ s get down to business then 
Yes . I ’ Ve come to talk with you about ordering the eight megapixel cameras for our new methone . The demand for phone cameras is growing , and Pear has been falling behind in the market 
That ’ s great ! I ’ m glad to hear that Pear has finally jumped on the bandwagon . Right now our contract is for the five megapixel cameras . Is Pear still interested in having those 
No , we ’ re changing all the cameras to eight megapixels . We were hoping that by making your company our sole supplier for cameras we could negotiate a better deal 
Surely . Let ’ s get started by drafting a new contract 
Can you tell me about some good deals on produce 
The mangoes are on sale today 
What exactly are mangoes 
They have yellowish red skin . It's a fruit with one big seed 
Is the seed edible 
Maybe if you were a parrot . I wouldn't recommend it 
How much does a mango cost 
Normally , they're $ 2 each . Today , they're only $ 1 each 
Maybe I won't like the taste 
It's hard to describe . They're sweet , but also sort of citrusy 
How do I tell the difference between a ripe one and an unripe one 
They're similar to an avocado . When the outside feels soft , they're ripe 
Where do most of them come from 
These are from Mexico 
Anyone home ? Jen 
I'm in the kitchen ... let yourself in 
Wow ! You're really working up a storm 
I know . I've even worked up a sweat 
You look like a cooking show host--only messier 
Are you ready to leave 
Give me a sec 
What are we going to eat for dinner 
Whatever meal that you plan on making 
I thought you were making dinner tonight 
I do all the cooking 
Your food tastes so much better than mine 
Save it . If you want something to eat , then make it yourself 
You really want me to cook tonight 
I had a long day today . I really am not in the mood to make anything 
No problem 
Thanks . I'm going to go take a nap 
Would you like me to come get you when the food is done 
Thank you 
Jenny , what are you going to do tomorrow morning 
I don't know yet . What's your idea , Dad 
I'm thinking of taking you and Peter swimming . What do you think 
Dad ! It's cold now 
But swimming in the winter is good for your body . Believe me 
You look tired 
Yeah , I ’ Ve been working so much overtime lately 
Really ? How come 
My boss gave me a big project . I had to have it finished it by this morning . It was so difficult 
You shouldn ’ t work so hard 
I know . But hard work pays off , you know 
What do you mean 
Maybe now I ’ ll get that promotion I was hoping for 
Daddy , I want to buy a ten-speed-sportsman 
How much is it ? Is three hundred dollars enough 
No , I'm not asking for money . I'm asking for your advice 
Oh , you've already grown up , son 
That looks like a bad accident 
Yeah , should we get out and help 
No , there ’ s a police car behind us . He ’ ll stop 
Looks like the one guy lost control in all this rain , and the other one hit him 
Yeah . It ’ s pretty bad , that car looks like a coke can 
These accidents always cause traffic jams on rainy days 
Yeah , it looks like we ’ re in for a long drive 
Ah , well . Put on the news . I got up late and missed it 
All right 
Susan , can you tell me in a nutshell what the retail market is like in China 
Well , as per capital income goes up and up , the growth sector seems to be in the high-end 
Retail is going upscale here ? China is certainly growing more quickly than I had imagined 
Yes . Things certainly have changed since I was a boy . We've developed very quickly 
Do you think the trend will continue 
I don't see why not . We do have some problems , but we are still willing to work hard and wages aren't too high at this point 
Everything I've seen so far is very impressive , very impressive indeed 
Guess who I saw yesterday 
Who 
My cousin Monk . Have you seen her lately 
Not for a couple of years . What happened to her 
Nothing exactly . She's grown into a very attractive young lady 
Oh , she is 
You know , her long lovely blond hair and beautiful blue eyes really make her stand out from others 
Not surprising . I bet she's very tall and slim 
Yean . Around five feet five inches tall 
Excuse me , I want to go to Galion by ship . Is there a ship to Dalian 
Yes , there is . There is only one ship there every day 
What time does it leave 
It leaves at 9:30 a . m .
Could you please tell me about the cabins 
Yes , all the cabins are fit for two 
Then where can I catch it 
At Pier Five 
Thank you 
I haven't met you at the gym for a long time 
yeah , I quit my job , and started working from home . Recently I've got a project to deal with and don't have much time to work out 
why ? You have a decent salary , lots of promotion opportunities and a regular life of going to the office at 9 o ' clock and coming back home at 5 in the evening 
it's not about pay raise or promotion . You know , I hate getting up early in the morning and coming back home late at night 
then SOHO is your ideal work style 
yeah , as long as I have a computer and internet access , I can start working . I recently enjoy working in my own place and at my own pace 
and you don't have to work under that much pressure and control 
absolutely . I can decide when and what to do all by myself 
sounds great . Are there many business opportunity 
yeah , I can find enough online 
it's good to have business around . But you should also do some exercise to keep fit 
thank you for reminding me . I'll continue to exercise as soon as I finish this project 
What's for dinner tonight 
What are you planning on cooking 
I'm not making anything 
If you plan on eating , you are 
What am I supposed to cook 
What do you feel like having 
I want some chicken and potatoes 
That sounds really good 
When are you going to make it 
I have no plans on cooking tonight 
Fine , I'll make it 
I knew that already 
What's that 
It's a surprise 
For me 
Yes . Let's go inside and you can open it up 
Wow ! It's big ! What could it be 
I'll give you two clues . First , it cost more than $ 250 . And second , it's not big , but fat 
What does that mean , not big but fat ? You didn't buy ..
Well Mr . Black , I appreciate your interest in our company , but I doubt you can do this job properly 
I ’ m sure I can do it well . I ’ Ve always wanted to be the best in whatever I did . Give me a chance 
I wish I could . But you even don ’ t have a B . A , so I ’ m sorry to say there ’ s no chance 
You ’ re questioning my ability ? I tell ya , I can make it ! I ’ ll talk to your boss 
Mr . Black , I don ’ t think my boss will talk to you . It ’ s a Chinaman ’ s chance 
You think so ? Let ’ s take a chance 
I went bungee jumping yesterday 
That sounds like fun 
Could you do something to advance your shipment 
It's hard to say . But why 
We expect the goods to be on the market before the end of December to catch up with the Spring Festival sales 
I can understand your position . We can not make any promise , but we'll try our best 
I understand your feeling . When someone is feeling at loose ends , we may show mercy on him . This is what we call the " milk of human kindness " 
That's right . But feeling sorry for someone is one thing , and sticking to our principles is another . We must make a clear cut between them 
You've take the words out of my mouth 
Hello , Susan , it ’ s me , An 
Hi , An . How are you 
I am fine . I am going swimming this afternoon . Are you coming with me 
I am afraid I can ’ t this afternoon . I take my daughter to her tennis class at the club on Wednesday afternoons 
Maybe I can meet you at the club and we can play tennis together 
Ok , I'll meet you at the club at two thirty 
Be quiet , Will you 
I'm sorry 
I can't wait until my car is repaired . The commuting with public transportation is killing me 
It can't be that bad 
But it is ! Take this morning for example . The subway was so packed this morning , I got totally squished by about a hundred busy commuters on the way to work 
At least the subway is better than the bus . It's faster for one thing . And usually less crowded . But the drawback is that the subway is more expensive than the bus . It adds up over time , if you take it every day 
That's true . The bus is even worse . Just thinking about taking the bus every day makes me tired ! Hey , how do you get to work every day 
I ride my bike . I don't live too far away , so it's pretty convenient . it's only about a ten minute bike ride from my house to the office 
I'll bet it's good exercise , too ... a good way to keep fit 
Yes , not only a good way to keep in shape , but a good way to relieve stress as well . While you're stressed out by your commute , I'm releasing all the stress of the day with mine 
Thank you for your visit to our company . I'd like to make an introduction for you . Is there anything in particular you'd like to know 
Your company has a very good reputation , and I have been planning to visit it for a long time . What's the advantage of your factory over other plastics ones 
Our production speed is almost twice the industry-wide average . And we've already expanded the factory this year 
Could you tell me the cost of production per unit 
I'm not familiar with that part . Let me call someone in charge 
Have you ever worked as a tour guide 
I have a little experience . I guided a few foreign tourists around Beijing last year as a part-time job . I showed them to the Great Wall , the Imperial Palace , and the Summer Palace 
Then you may know that it's hard work 
Yes , I know . A friend of mine is a guide . He talked with me about his work , but I don't mind working hard 
Have you applied with any other companies 
No , this is my first 
Is there anything you want to ask about 
I'd like to be an overseas tour guide someday . Would there ever be any chance of that 
Certainly . There'll be a good chance of that if you work for this company . Not right away , of course , but in a few years , after you learn more about our business , you may go overseas with a tour group . Any questions 
Yes . When can I get the decision ? I hope you can give me a definite answer as soon as possible . If I'd turned down , I ll have to secure a position elsewhere 
All right , then . We'll get in touch with you within a week . Thank you for coming today , Mr . Sun 
Thank you . Good-bye 
Good-bye 
Next please . Hello . How can I help you 
I'd like to buy a ticket for New York 
Would you like one way or round trip 
Round trip 
When will you be leaving 
When does the next plane leave 
In about 2 hours 
I'd like a ticket for that flight please 
First class or coach 
Coach 
OK , let me check availability . I'm sorry . Tickets for that flight are sold out 
How about the one after that 
Let me see . Yes , that one still has seats available . Would you like me to reserve a seat for you 
Yes , please 
That'll be 120 dollars 
OK 
Thank you , here's your change 
Be careful.The floor is slippery 
Mom , there isn't any hot water
Turn on the shower 
It's getting cold 
Ok . I'll check the heater . Dry yourself with the towel first 
How happy you are ! Next Monday is your wedding day . Congratulations 
Thank you 
Fred is really a good guy . And he loves you so much 
Yeah . I'm lucky to be his wife 
He's after your own heart , it is important 
So he will make a perfect husband . Make sure you will be here next Monday 
I promise 
Peter and Mary broke up 
Are you serious 
You ’ re working hard , George . What are you doing 
I ’ m making a bookcase . Give me that hammer please , Dan 
Which hammer . This one 
No , not that one . The big one 
Here you are 
Thanks , Dan 
What are you going to do now , George 
I ’ m going to paint it 
What colour are you going to paint it 
I ’ m going to paint it pink 
Pink 
This bookcase isn ’ t for me . It ’ s for my daughter , Susan . Pink ’ s her favorite colour 
I think that I would enjoy living here , but I would like to make improvements 
What would make this apartment better for you 
I think that it would look better with a better quality carpet 
You can have a different carpet , but you have to pay more if it costs more 
How much more would it cost to upgrade 
It could vary quite a bit , between 2 and 10 dollars per square yard 
Do you think that I could have a different paint color in my apartment 
I have to see a sample . Bring me one this week , please 
How long will it take for my new apartment to be ready 
Both the new paint and new carpet will be finished by next week 
alright , tell me what you think 
don't you think it ’ s a bit bright 
yeah , maybe you ’ re right . How about this outfit 
that dress looks lovely on you , but it ’ s not very practical , is it 
no , I don't have an plans to go to a formal dance any time soon , but I love the way it looks . I just had to try it on ! What do you think about this ? It ’ s casual , yet sophisticated 
I like the jeans , but you need something to go with the top . It ’ s too plain on its own 
how about this scarf , these earrings , and an anklet 
that might be going overboard a bit . How about just that scarf with a bracelet 
that ’ s a good idea . You have a lot of good fashion sense 
thanks . You ’ d be ok on your own . There are loads of fashion victims out there , and you are not one of them . Have you tried it on yet 
yep . Here it is . What do you think 
that looks great . Just one more thing---you need some high heels with those jeans . Do you want a pair with a plain pattern or ones with a leopard print on them 
the leopard print sounds fabulous . Are they a name brand 
no , they ’ re a Prada knock-off for 1/10 of the price of the real thing 
that ’ s even better than the real thing 
if I were you , I ’ d buy that now while it ’ s on sale . If you spend more than $ 100 , you get a $ 50 voucher for more clothes 
it ’ s too bad I did all that shopping yesterday 
How can I get to Lakeside Park 
Take the No . 7 bus . There's a bus stop just over there 
Will it take me straight there 
Yes . No need to change 
What do you do if you find something that isn't on your list 
It depends what it is . Once we have disconnected the unit , we do as many jobs as we can . If there is something that isn't broken but might cause a problem before the next service then of course we repair it or replace that part . But if it's not urgent , we make a note in the service record to carry out that repair next time 
What color is your new dress 
It is green . Come upstairs and see it 
Thanks you 
Look ! Here it is 
That ’ s a nice dress . It ’ s very smart 
My hat ’ s new , too 
What color is it 
It ’ s the same color . It ’ s green , too 
That ’ s a lovely hat 
One family skeleton of my family was that my younger brother has an axe to grind 
What did he aim at 
He began to be interested in finance because he thought he would be able to inherit the family ’ s fortune 
How could he have such an ill intention ? I think your father can see that through 
Hi , Sue . What's up 
Hey , Andrew . How's everything with work 
Ok , I guess . My boss has been on my back recently 
Really ? What's he been doing 
You know , just giving me lots to do . I'm really busy right now 
Are you ? What are you busy with 
Oh , lots of things . Mostly training new people 
I'm looking for a white purse as a gift . Could you show what you have in stock 
You are in luck . We just receive a shipment of several different styles of white purses 
They must be popular again this season 
Yes , I believe they are . Here are something that might interest you 
Wow . this is nice . I'll take this one . I guess if she doesn't like it she can return it , right 
Sure . Let me ring this up for you at the register . If you would like , this can be gift-wrapped for free . Just take it to the customer service department 
Good evening 
Good evening . We've a reservation for a table for four . My name is Tim 
Let me check the list . Yes , we do have a reservation under Mr . Tim 
But there is a change in the number of people . There are seven of us . Three of my friends are coming soon 
It doesn't matter . Follow me , please . What do you think of the table in the center of the dining room 
Well , it's a window table that we've booked 
I'm sorry , but you see , all the tables by the window are small , with up to 4 seats 
Oh , I see . We'll have to make up with the center one 
Thank you for your understanding , Mr . Tim 
If a Mr . Wu comes to look for me , just take him here 
Yes , I will 
Welcome to Lincoln Bank . What can we do for you 
Morning . I'm a new user of your credit card and I was wondering if I'm taking full advantage of it 
Well , there certainly are many benefits that go along with our credit card 
Yes , of course . It's so much easier than cash , to be honest ; nowadays I hardly ever use cash . I just put it on the card and pay off the balance every month 
You know it is not necessary to pay the balance in full every month 
Really 
Yes , you will see on your monthly bill and statement the amount in full but also the minimum payment 
So , if for some reason I was having a bad month and spent a little too much I could just pay the minimum 
Yes . As long as you keep making regular monthly payments , paying the minimum is just fine . Of course , your credit limit will be lowered accordingly 
How so 
For example , if your credit limit is 5,000 RIB and you owe 1,000 RIB , your available credit will be 4,000 RIB . So , your credit limit drops 
Oh , I see . Well , I don't plan on only paying the minimum , but it's good to know that I can if I had to . Thanks for that 
Hello , how are you today . Here for your six month check-up 
I'm fine , Dr . Beecham . Yes , just a cleaning and check-up today 
Oh , fine . Let's take a look 
( She probed my teeth and checked my gums . ) Well , it looks like you have a cavity and your crown is loose . We need to fill that cavity before it gets any worse and the crown needs to be refitted . Make an appointment for next week and I'll take care of them 
Okay , I'll do that , but my crown was just put on last year . Will my dental insurance cover the work 
Since you had that done here , we'll take care of it . There won't be a charge . And , your insurance should cover the work on the cavity . Now , I'm going to have the hygienist do your cleaning and I'll see you soon for the other work 
Thanks , doctor 
How ’ s it going 
I ’ m fine , thank you 
Did you need help with something 
If I could , I would like to view the apartment sometime today 
That won ’ t be possible today 
Why is that 
You can only view the apartment with an appointment 
I would like to make one right now if I can 
Are you available this Friday 
Can we do it at 6 o ’ clock 
Your appointment for Friday at 6 pm has been confirmed 
All right . I ’ ll see you on Friday 
Hello . In order to kill your time you can experience our facial massage for free 
Really ? OK 
This way please . First , we should clean your face with our clarifying cream . And then we use the massage cream . Next do the massage . I hope that you can feel comfortable 
Very comfortable . I think I will come next time . Maybe I will take some friends . Amazing 
Thank you 
I want some envelopes please 
Do you want the large size , or the small size 
The large size please . Do Have you any writing-paper 
Yes , we do . I don't have any small pads . I only have large ones . Do you want a pad 
Yes , please . And I want some glue 
A bottle of glue 
And I want a large box of chalk , too 
I only have small boxes . Do you want one 
No , thank you 
Is that all 
That's all , thank you 
What else do you want 
I want my change 
Excuse me , please.Could you tell me how to get to the No . 10 Middle School 
Walk down this road , take the fourth turn to the right.Then you'll see it 
Is it far from here to there 
No . It's only about five minutes ' walk 
Many thanks 
Not at all 
May I help you 
Yes , I would like to exchange some money 
what currency would you like to trade in 
I would like to exchange Chinese RIB for American dollars . Do you accept $ 100 bills 
No problem , we can accept any denomination . How much would you like to exchange today 
Well , that depends on the rate . How much is the RIB trading at today 
It's a shame you didn't come a little earlier , the exchange rate was reset yesterday afternoon . The American dollar is now worth 7.45RMB.If you would like to sell RIB , we can give you a rate of 7.35.Will that be all right 
I guess , here , give me 5,000 RIB worth . I might as well exchange a little extra . Who knows what the exchange rate will be tomorrow 
John passed away 
When ? I saw him well last month 
Yesterday . He suffered from a serious disease . When he saw the red light , it was too late 
How terrible 
How long do you plan to stay here 
To speak frankly , it doesn't depend on me 
How so 
I really want to obtain a permanent job . I won't leave as long as I have opportunity to apply my knowledge and get on well with my superiors and colleagues 
What are your future plans and what kind of expectations do you have of the company 
I know that generally it is possible to move from this position to a management position with two years experience in the company
Did you promise me to get the bread 
Well , I remember walking pass the baker shop 
But you forgot to get the bread 
I'm afraid so . I don't remember you telling me about it 
Well , I certainly did 
What would you let me do now 
You are free . You can go now 
Really ? You are so kind 
I'll do with the cake 
No . That's not enough . I've got some cereal 
I hate to do this , but I've got to cancel a reservation I made earlier this week 
All I need is your name , phone , and reservation date 
My name is Rudy Randolph . I'm at 818-555-1234 . The reservation was for April 9 
Randolph , Rudy . Let me hit one button , sir , and now your reservation is cancelled 
Okay , thank you . I'll make another reservation as soon as I can 
It's been my pleasure to help you 
Would you check the engine , please ? It is knocking 
Sure . Do you want to have the car washed 
Yes , please . When can you get it done 
You can pick it up in half an hour . By the way , how are you going to pay , cash or credit 
By credit 
Hey , Dora ! What kind of books do you like to read 
I read everything I can get my hands on but I like love stories best . What do you think about the love stories 
I hate to tell you this , but they are nothing but sob stories 
I don't think so . I like them . Then what's your favorite book 
I'm fond of history books 
Oh , the history books are dull to me 
It's a perfect day for swimming 
I am going to the beech . How about coming with me 
Great ! I love swimming . Besides , I need a tan for Hill ’ s party .
Don't forget the sun block lotion . You don't want a sunburn , do you 
No . Thanks for reminding me 
Good afternoon , Miss Tao . Please sit down 
Good afternoon , Mr . Black . Thank you very much 
I ’ Ve read your application materials with interest . Now I want to ask you a few questions , if you don ’ t mind 
As you please . I ’ m ready 
The first is why you choose our company 
I think yours is a well-known advertising company , so I ’ m sure to get opportunities to display my talent in advertisement 
Why do you want to quit your present company 
Well , the company has some financial problems . People there are all thinking of quitting 
Well , when do you think you can come over to work 
One week after I have submitted my resignation paper 
When you start to work , I ’ ll give you $ 3,000 a month 
Thank you , sir 
Hello , this is Sheila from Huawei Corp . Is that Li Lei 
Yes , speaking 
I am glad to tell you that you are supposed to come for an interview tomorrow . Are you free tomorrow 
Can you speak a little louder ? You sound very indistinct with the hissing noise 
Well , I can't hear you 
May I help you 
I have a problem 
What ’ s your problem 
I owe fees , but a bank statement never came in the mail about it 
I apologize for the inconvenience 
I have no idea about the fee , so my fees went up 
I understand your problem 
Will you be able to solve my problem 
I ’ m going to cancel the fees you owe 
So , I don ’ t have to pay any of it 
The initial fee still must be paid 
That ’ s fabulous . Thank you very much 
Man , they take a lot of our paycheck 
Yeah , the government really takes a bite , doesn ’ t it 
Seriously . The only tax I don ’ t mind them taking is social security . It ’ s only a few dollars every paycheck 
Yeah , I don ’ t mind it either . We ’ ll both end up rich slobs and not need it , but what if we do , you know 
Yeah . It won ’ t be much , but at least we ’ ll have a monthly check when we get old 
Yeah . My grandmother gets by on social security and the money my grandfather invested when he was alive 
Let ’ s just hope the politicians don ’ t figure out a way to spend it 
Really ? No , they couldn ’ t . None of them would have jobs if they did 
I am thinking about resigning from my current job 
Have you thought about it seriously 
Yes , I have been thinking about it for quite a while . Now I finally make up my mind to leave . I have given my resignation letter to our boss last Friday 
Ok , did you find a new company 
Yes , I will move on to XYZ Company 
Good for you , but your leaving will be a great loss to us . It is so nice to work with you 
Thanks . I had learned so much from you and our colleagues 
Do you have any special skills 
I can write computer programs , I have a good command of secretarial skills 
What qualifications have you got 
I have a doctor license and a driving license 
Do you get special training in office skills 
I passed both the Cambridge Examinations ( First Certificate and the Certificate of Proficiency in English ); and studied for a year in London at the Lucas Secretarial College , ending with speeds of 120 words per minute in English shorthand and 50 words per minute in typing . I was also trained in office procedure 
Please tell me about work you have done , which qualifies you for this job 
I ’ Ve received some special training in typing , shorthand and operating a fax machine , etc .. I ’ m experienced in IBM-PC . I can operate familiarly a word-processor , a fax machine , a photo and other office equipment 
Can you tell me , Ms . Smith , about the training programs you initiated this year 
We ran a call center training service and language program to ensure that our customer service representatives are well trained 
What ’ s the result 
We directly attribute an increase in our customer service feedback of 50 % to the increase in language skills and training that our employees have received 
That seems very impressive . Good work 
Thank you , but I cannot take all the credit . Our employees have all worked very hard to increase their productivity level 
So Alex , you ’ re off to the Olympic stadium then 
Yes , I should get there just in time for the women ’ s 400m relay 
Wow , that should be really exciting , especially with so many famous athletes there 
Yes , I ’ m also going to watch the triple jump and the high jump 
Well have a good time . Get me some autographs if you can 
Ok , I ’ ll try my best 
It is so wonderful that this transaction turned out to be the satisfaction of both parties 
Yes . We're satisfied with the result 
I hope that we can continue our cooperation 
Hello . I need to speak with Allan Cartwright 
This is he . May I help you 
I certainly hope so , I am about to stop doing business with your office 
I ’ m very sorry , Madam . Can you tell me what the problem is over the phone or would you like me to go to your office 
I have an issue 
What ’ s going on 
There is a leaking pipe in my wall 
Is there any water damage 
There is mildew 
I ’ ll go to your apartment tomorrow to fix the pipe 
Why can ’ t I call someone to fix it today 
I ’ ll just do it myself 
I need it done today 
You ’ re right about that 
Are you okay with me calling a plumber 
That ’ s fine 
So how far is the museum , dad 
It is about 10 minutes walk 
Finish your hot chocolate and we will go 
Are we going to come back here for lunch 
No , we will have lunch at the museum cafeteria 
I have finished . We can go now 
Let's go then . On the way we have to turn right and right again at the next junction 
Let's stop at the newsagent , I would like to buy a newspaper . We can also buy postcards for your friends 
Can you see a Post Office somewhere around here 
Yes it is down there , at the end of the road , next to the supermarket 
Oh good we are almost there . The museum is round the corner from the Post Office 
Do you have any hobbies 
Yes , I like collecting things 
Oh , that ’ s interesting , and but what kind of things 
Several things , for example , Very coins , stamps , stones and so on 
Stones ? I know many people collecting coins and stamps but stones 
Yes , stones 
well , I can ’ t just imagine it 
Well , Mitzuko-san , I hope you like it here . This is my favourite restaurant in Taipei . It reminds me of my youth when I traveled around Europe 
It looks wonderful . Very authentic 
The chef trained in Florence . The pasta is very good here 
OK . So , what can you recommend 
Hum ... You should try the mushroom fettucine . It's really good 
Is it salty 
Not at all . It has a very delicate flavor 
What does ' Duppa del Giono ' mean ? I'm sorry I don't know how to pronounce that 
Oh , that means soup of the day . I'll ask the waiter what they have today . Have you tried mussels cooked the Italian way ? They're really delicious 
No . I'll try them . Sounds good 
Should we tip ? This service is pretty good 
Yeah , we probably should.How much is normal 
How about 10 percent ? That's about 6 dollars 
That sounds about right 
Oh , no . Charlie , where is my purse 
Don ’ t you have it ? Did you lose it 
Yes , I did . I lost it . It disappeared 
Myrdal , purse don ’ t just disappear . Think carefully . When did you have it last 
I had it when I left the house . I had it when we start to get the hotdog 
OK . Let ’ go back to the hotdog stand 
The woman was beaten again . Why didn ’ t she call the police 
Because it was her husband who beat her 
It is incredible 
She said that she didn ’ t want to foul her own nest 
What do you want 
I think I have a piece of apple pie 
Do you want something to drink 
Coffee would be fine 
OK . Sit down and I'll get it 
Excuse me . Mr . Emory 
Yes , Ms . Rodriguez ? How can I help you 
I wanted to see if I could arrange a meeting with you to discuss recruitment 
Absolutely . I ’ Ve been wanting to meet with you about that . Let me just get my book 
Hello . Can I help you 
Yes , I hope so . I would like to register for Comp Lit 287 
I'm sorry , but that class is already full.And also , students are supposed to register through the touch-tone registration system 
I know . I already tried to register for it by phone , but the computer won't let me 
That's because it's full 
But I'm a new student here . I thought maybe there was some way I could get into the class . I thought I should come and talk to you in the department office 
Well , I could put you on a waiting list.But that doesn't guarantee you will get into the class . What is your name 
My name is Karen Huang . That's spelled H - U - A - N - G 
Alright . And what is your major 
I'm a comparative literature major 
Wait a minute . You're a Comp Lit major 
Yes , that's right 
Why didn't you tell me ? I didn't know you were one of our students 
That's why I'm trying to get into Comp Lit 287 . I know it's a required class.And Professor Cohen told me I need to take it 
The university computer system saves extra places , in class 287 for comp lit students . I can give you a special code.When you register by phone , you can use the code to get into the class 
Even if the class is full 
That's right 
Oh , I didn't know that 
Sure . Here is the code number , with information on how to use it 
Thank you . So you think I will be able to get in with this 
Sure . Just call the touch-tone registration system again.Then , follow the directions on the sheet . You will get in no problem 
Thanks 
Next time you come in here , I will recognize you 
Hi ! It's still seven o'clock . Are you crazy 
I got the information that there is a killer sale at the shopping mall near our block . Get up and I will wait for you at the gate of our flat 
Every time when you glimpse some stylish clothes , you change into another person 
Stop complaining , OK 
No wonder you are named shopaholic 
No , I am not a shopaholic , but a super shopaholic . And I really enjoy smelling the gorgeous clothes and new bags 
Wait a moment . And you can check where other sales are 
Hello , this is Peter Dixon from NEZ news radio . May I speak to Mr . Wilson please 
Yes , speaking 
Good morning , Mr . Wilson . I ’ m calling to confirm the date of the next interview program 
Hold on a minute please . I ’ ll have my assistant check that part 
Can I help you 
I want to buy a hat 
Come here , please 
Is this one fit for you ? It is nice 
I don't like the style 
How about this one 
Black is not my favorite colour 
You must like this pink one , don't you 
It's pretty . How much is it 
Fifty yuan 
It's too expensive . Can you come down a little 
How about forty-five 
I'll buy it if forty 
OK 
What are you having for lunch 
I got a sandwich , some chips , and a soda 
Did you bring that from home 
I got it from the cafeteria 
What kind of sandwich did you get 
They messed up my order and gave me a bologna sandwich 
How was it 
Considering it wasn't what I ordered , it was still pretty good 
I think I got a sandwich there once before 
Really 
Yes , and they didn't get my order right either 
My accountant thinks she can save me lots of money on my taxes this year 
That sounds great 
How's it going 
I'm doing well . How about you 
Never better , thanks 
So how have you been lately 
I've actually been pretty good . You 
I'm actually in school right now 
Which school do you attend 
I'm attending PCC right now 
Are you enjoying it there 
It's not bad . There are a lot of people there 
Good luck with that 
Thanks 
Were you late for work this morning 
Yes , I was . I was almost an hour late 
What did you say to your boss 
I said I was terribly sorry . But he said it was quite all right 
Your boss was really nice 
No , he didn't scold me because he was late , too 
You like movies 
Yeah , I think it's the best way to relax 
What type do you like the best 
Really it depends on my mood . When I am sad or depressed , I like comedies . If I'm feeling good , I'll watch almost anything 
I see . I generally like movies to help calm me down . I think a sign of a good movie is the ability to bring you into the story as if you were part of it 
Yeah , unfortunately , nowadays directors are often more interested in making money than making a good film 
True . The movie industry is becoming more and more commercial . You see a lot of expensive movies with little artistic value . I generally think those made in the forties are of higher quality on the average than movies today . You can name a lot of classics from that decade 
Yeah , many of my all-time-favorites were made in the forties . They've already stood the test of time and will stay with us for a long time 
I'm totally with you on that 
Dad , where are we off to 
First we will go to the city centre and stop for something to drink . Then we will visit the University Museum 
Where are we going to have a drink 
There is a coffee shop round the corner . Can you see that big building at the end of the road 
Yes 
That is a bank . The coffee shop is opposite the bank 
Good . I will have hot chocolate 
A stop ! Wait for the lights to turn green 
When crossing the road you must always pay attention to what's around you 
Sorry . How far is the museum 
I am not sure . We will ask for directions in the coffee shop 
Here we are . You find us a table and I'll get the drinks 
Look , daddy is on again . Don't you think he is handsome 
To some extent , he is . And what do you think we move to a better place ? I can't see him clearly from here 
The seats in the middle of this stadium are great , but they're already occupied by somebody else 
Oh , thank you for pointing that out . By the way , have you been following NBA for this season 
Of course , tomorrow evening there will be a most exciting game 
Who plays who 
Rockets vs Lakers . Yao Ming , my idol , will appear in front of several hundred million of the worldwide audience 
It's amazing . And when did he begin to play in the NBA 
In 2002 . And since then he has attracted more attention than ever 
I can't consider you as a little kid any more . I know he is very tall 
Oh , you know something . He is 2.26 meters tall . But he is also nimble and skillful 
I also heard if a player has committed 5 fouls then he must be out of the game 
Yes , what's worse is he can't take any further part in the game 
That's really terrible . Oh , God , we forgot to cheer for Daddy 
Never mind . After all he is not so attractive as Yao Ming , right 
You are always so naughty 
Hello , Cindy . Congratulations ! I hear you ’ re getting married 
Yes , Mr . Emory . Thank you 
When ’ s the big day 
We ’ re planning a June wedding , but we haven ’ t picked a date yet 
May I help you 
Yes . Fill it up , please 
Premium or regular 
Regular , please 
Anything else , sir ? Should I check the water and the oil 
Yes , please 
Joanna , I will go to the outlet center . You wanna go with me 
It's so faraway 
I saw Emily yesterday evening . She was wearing a CD evening gown . She told me she bought it in the outlet center and she saved $ 120 
$ 120 ? ! Then I should go and see what I can get ..
How do you spend your day , Helen 
Well , on weekdays I get up around ten . Then I read the paper for an hour and have lunch at about noon 
Really ? What time do you go to work 
I start work at three 
And when do you get home at night 
I get home pretty late , around midnight 
So what do you do , exactly 
I'm a TV announcer . Don't you recognize me ? I do the weather report on KNT 
Gee , I'm sorry . I don't watch TV 
Henry married Rose only after her father's money , didn't he 
Yeah . But he soon feel regretted for it 
But he seems to be very happy with Rose 
He is more nice than wise 
I'm having problems with my computer 
What's wrong with it 
For some reason it won't turn on 
Have you checked the connections on your computer 
What connections 
There are cords that connect your computer to a power outlet 
Will the cords keep it from turning on 
It won't turn on if the cords aren't connected 
I didn't think of that 
Try it and see if it works 
I think that I will , thanks 
It should work , but let me know if it doesn't 
I often see some ' new age people ' show off their various skills to handle a skateboard , which makes me wonder in awe 
Annie , you also know the ' new age people ' . I think these people must have undergone much sufferings of flesh in order to ride skillfully 
Although it is easy to ride , the condition of the road surface should also be paid attention to , such as places being put together and full of gullies . If the condition permits , it is better to be equipped with helmet , eye shades , ankle shield , knee shield and elbow shield 
The skateboard does not pollute the air , either . It can be used as a tool to ride instead of walk 
Look , the aliens are sending a message to Mulder . This rocks 
Whoops . That's my pager . I had to get it for work 
You have a pager ? ! That's a little high-tech for you , Stu . Are you sure you know how to use it 
Well , I know how to turn it off 
No , you don't ! It's still beeping ! Come on , hand it over and I'll turn it off for you 
What are your hobbies 
Sports 
Like what 
Basketball and swimming 
How much is it all together 
Let me see . The bell-bottom pants are $ 90 and the coat is $ 120 . It comes to $ 210 
Is it possible for you to reduce the price 
I am sorry . It's a one-price shop 
London is such a historic city ! There ’ s history everywhere you look . There ’ s nelson ’ s column , built as a monument to one of the Britain ’ s great admirals and his important victory . He won the battle of
I ’ m looking forward to seeing Westminster abbey , where many historic figures are buried , like Isaac Newton , the great mathematician and Winston Churchill , the great wartime leader 
Nearby , on the banks of the thames , there ’ s the statue of Boadicea . She fought the Romans when they invaded Britain 
Women have often played an important role in british history . Queen Elizabeth I built a navy strong enough to fight off the Spanish armada in 1588 . more recently , Margaret thatcher transformed british
She was a very controversial leader . Are we going to visit the famous tower of London later 
There ’ s a lot to see there . Perhaps we should go tomorrow 
I ’ m looking forward to seeing the famous castle and prison . Many historic figures were imprisoned there in the past . I really want to see the crown jewels too 
I ’ Ve seen them before . They ’ re quite incredible . If you want to see historical figures in London , there ’ s one place you have to go 
Where ’ s that ? Oh , I know ! Madame Tussaud ’ s the waxworks museum 
There you can see british leaders , entertainers , criminals , and royalty 
Sometimes , it ’ s hard to know who belongs in each section of the museum 
I would like to book a table for 2 
OK , sir . When will you be there 
7:00 tonight and we'd like a smoking table 
No problem , sir 
I'm afraid I can't complete my paper on time 
What happened 
I keep on meeting with difficulties in the experiment . I can hardly go on 
Where there are difficulties , there are ways to get over them . Hold on 
Let ’ s meet before next week ’ s meeting , Jane . I want to kick around some ideas with you 
No problem . I ’ Ve got a really light week . Anytime ’ s fine by me 
Well , let ’ s plan to get together next Monday afternoon , around three 
All right , I ’ ll put you in my book 
Bob , would you come and help me 
Of course . What do you want me to do , Mom 
Could you hold these packages while I look for the key 
Alright , what's in them ? They are so heavy 
Just things we need for the picnic tomorrow 
Well , hurry up and open the door please . I told you these things are heavy 
I'm sorry , but I just can't find the key . You must have it 
Oh , yes , it's in my pocket . But how can I get the key while I'm holding all these bags 
OK . I'd like to have everything gift-wrapped , please 
I'll give you the boxes . You can then go to our gift-wrapping department 
Is it on this floor 
It's on the first floor , to the right of the main entrance 
Thank you 
Have a nice holiday 
You , too . Thanks for your help 
Ms . : Do you have a question , Mary 
No . That's not why I raised my hand . I need to go to the ladies ' room 
Ms . : Let me give you a hall pass for it 
What's a hall pass 
Ms . : With a hall pass , you can go to the ladies ' room or wherever you need to go during class time 
I see 
Ms . : If a teacher stops you in the hallway , just show him or her the pass 
Or else I'll get into trouble 
Ms . : That's right 
I found a great school for Junior 
Don't you think it's a little early to be looking for schools ? We haven't even had the baby yet 
We can't be too cautious about these things 
You are going to be such an adorable father ! Tell me about this school 
There is a huge slide on the playground and lots of trees and even a little brook 
What about inside the school 
There is a library right inside the front door 
I think our child is going to love it 
What did you say 
I said he was nothing but a yeoman 
Then he become angry with you 
Yes 
An idea about killing time on a train 
I advise you to read Playboy.You can get a lot from it 
But there's quite a lot of rumors about it 
That's why it's interesting 
OK , Allen . It's your turn . Are you ready 
I really would rather just listen . Isn't there anyone else who wants to sing 
Come on ! In the two hours we've been here you haven't sung even one song 
I know , but ... Hey , Stanley's here ! I've been wanting to hear him sing all night 
Well , you asked for it . Why don't you put on an Elvis song for him . He loves " The King . 
I'll put the song at the front of the list 
Have you heard about Anlesen David 
No , have they have another fight 
No , they got engaged 
You must be joking . Those two 
Well , my dear . I didn't believe either . But got it straight form the horse's mouth . David called me this morning 
So when did all this happen 
Last weekend , while they were on the Sik trip 
Well , I believe it now , and when are they are getting married 
Next June 
I can hardly believe it 
Hi ! Can I help you 
Yes . We have reservations 
What's your name , sir 
Jack Bates 
Yes , sir . We have your reservation . Could you fill out these forms , please 
The reservation was for a double for three nights , wasn't it 
Yes , sir . That's correct . How will you pay your bill , cash or credit card 
Credit card 
Thank you , sir . You'll be staying in room 1910 . Here are your keys . The bellhop will take your luggage upstairs . Have a nice stay , sir 
Thanks 
Show us our itineraries , please 
We'll first go to Mount Tai , then we'll go to Sichuan by air , after that we'll be leaving for Tibet 
How long will the trip take 
At least 20 days 
I don ’ t dare to look after the children now 
Why 
The children always make themselves in danger . I always have my heart in my mouth with them 
It is because your children have grown up , and you haven ’ t lived with a child for a long time 
I've enjoyed conversing with you 
Is there a reason why you're trying to get off the phone so fast 
I've got to go 
I wasn't done talking to you 
I have to do some things , and besides , it's not polite to be nosey 
I'm not being nosey . I'm just asking 
I really don't think it's any of your business 
That's not nice 
I apologize , but I'm getting off the phone now 
Okay 
Welcome . What can I do for you , Madam 
I hope you can give me some advice . I'm sick and tired of coming here or to the post office to pay my utility bills . It's such a long way from my home , but I checked and you are my nearest branch . Is there anyway I can do it from home 
That's terrible . Unfortunately , we don't have that many branches outside the centre of town . What I'd advise you to do is set up a Direct Debit Service 
A Direct Debit Service ? What's that exactly 
A Direct Debit means that every month we can arrange for all of your utility bills to come directly out of your account , no fuss , no hassle 
But how will you know how much I should pay ? I mean , I receive my bills , not you 
We set up an agreement with the , say , phone company . They tell us how much to pay them every month and we pay directly from your account . Of course , we are able to do this with all of the utilities companies 
I see . So , that would mean that every month it would just come from my account ? That does sound like a good idea , totally trouble free 
How old are you 
Nine ... but I'll be ten on May 1st.When is your birthday 
I'm older than you ! I'll be ten on April 14th 
Are you going to have a birthday party 
Maybe . I'll have to ask my mother 
have you adapted to the lifestyle in China 
yeah , almost . But there is one thing 
what 
I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ..
what is it 
some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others 
that makes you feel uncomfortable 
yeah . we never do that in a public office 
perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy 
i have felt that . One day when i was in a queue , reading a newspaper story , the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper I was holding 
well , that's not rare . I've seen people reading at others ' newspaper while taking a metro or a bus 
just stare at the newspaper holding in the hands of the one next to him 
yeah 
Oh , I'm shocked 
Thank you , 175 yuan 
Here you go 
Here is your change and your receipt.Do you have goods unpaid on you , sir
No , I don't think so 
I'm sorry I need to call the security to have a look 
There must be a mistake 
Sorry , sir , it's my job to make sure the goods are paid 
Wait , can you check these sunglasses I bought it in the second floor . I think they forgot to demagnetize it 
Sure . Ah ... That's the problem . Have you paid for it
Of course I did . Here is the receipt 
Let me see ... Oh , I am awfully sorry sir 
That's all right 
Are you ready , Pa 
In a second . Have you got a torch 
No 
Here it is . Let's go 
Mrs . Sue 
Yes 
Mr . Brown will have to call you back in a little while 
All right . But tell him I will only be here until four o'clock 
Good afternoon 
Good afternoon ! Sit down , please.How are you 
I'm very well , thank you.How are you 
Very well too , thank you very much.Isn ' t it a lovely day 
Yes , it's beautiful , but it's also very hot 
Yes 
What's the weather like in your country 
Mm ... It's quite warm now 
Where do you live 
In London.Where do you live 
Here.Near this school 
Hello . This is Dr . Galas Office . Can I help you 
Yes . I ’ d like to make an appointment with Dr . Galas . Could you arrange it for me 
Sure . Let me check his schedule . How about tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 
I ’ m not available tomorrow afternoon . How about tomorrow morning 
I ’ m sorry . Dr . Galas is fully engaged tomorrow morning . How about the day after tomorrow at 9:30 in the morning 
That ’ s fine . Thanks 
You ’ re welcome . Could I have your name and phone number , please 
Certainly . My name is Janet Smith , and my phone number is 610-555-1234 
Very good , Ms . Smith . I have scheduled an appointment for you on Wednesday at 9:30 am 
Thank you very much 
You ’ re welcome 
Do you have any apartment to rent 
Yes . Right now I have a studio 
Where is it 
In the downtown , near the square 
Is it furnished 
Yes , and the rent includes utilities 
That's good . When can I go to see the house 
What about next saturday 
Fine 
We are sorry for our fault 
I do hope this undesirable incident will not stand in the way of our future business 
Thank you for your understanding 
I put in two quarters for a coke , but nothing came out of the machine 
Really ? Let me check it 
I'm sure it's broken 
No , ma'am . I ’ m afraid you put in only one quarter and one dime 
Today , we have invited a special guest , Prof . Yang . He will give us some advice on the legal aspects of international business . Your international legal advice is important to our business well being . Please give us some counsels on such issues as which laws govern the contract , what recourse is available for default or breach of contract by our clients or what to do if a dispute arises 
The significance of understanding the nuance and distinctions of foreign customs and business practices are a continual challenge for global entrepreneurs and trader . Despite many countries accession to TO membership , trade and investment frictions are still predominant among existing membership . However , these frictions will be better managed under the TO trade rules and the organization's dispute settlement mechanism 
In spite of this , international business contracts and arrangement must be precise , specific and all-inclusive to lessen misunderstanding , misconceptions and disagreements to the minimum 
Problem and disputes occur mainly due to difference in the laws of countries involved . For this very reason , it is imperative to establish from the outset which law governs when disputes arise . The most fundamental principle of all international contracts is the applicable laws and regulations . Make sure that the arbitration clause in your business contract be all-inclusive 
How can we protect our patents and trade market abroad 
Yes , it will be your utmost interest to protect your intellectual property such as your innovations , idea , designs and copyrights in your target country 
As you know , our main focus is to penetrate the markets of countries in Asia . What is the current legal framework in the countries 
The lack of regulatory transparency was a problem and still is to some extent . However , the countries are moving forward to deepen their reforms , new changes will involve the establisher of legal structures to sustain high levels of foreign as well a domestic private investments . This will surely strengthen the law and regulations in the countries , especially , areas related to trade issues 
Several years ago , the countries and China singed memorandums of understanding , pursuant to which the countries will improve their laws government intellectual property rights protection over the following two to three years 
Precisely , the actions the countries have committed to take are consistent with TO agreement 
Do you have anything to declare 
No . I have nothing 
Are these all your personal things 
Yes , they are 
Please open the black case 
OK 
I ’ Ve come to hear about your offer for bristles 
We have the offer ready for you . Let me see ... here it is . 100 cases Houston Bristles , 57 mm , at 10 pounds sterling per kilogram , C . I . F European Main Ports , for shipment in June 2001 . The offer is valid for five days 
Why , your price has soared . It ’ s almost 25 % higher than last year ’ s . It would be impossible for us to push any sales at such a price 
I ’ m a little surprised to hear you say that . You know very well that markets for bristles have gone up a great deal in recent months . The price we offer compares favorably with quotations you can get elsewhere 
I ’ m afraid I can ’ t agree with you there . I must point out your price is higher than some of the quotations we ’ Ve received from other sources 
But you must take the quality into consideration . Everyone in the trade knows that US ’ s bristles are of superior quality to those from other countries 
I agree that yours are of better quality . But there ’ s competition from synthetic products , too . You can ’ t very well ignore that . Prices for synthetic bristles haven ’ t changed much over the years 
There ’ s practically no substitute for bristles for certain uses . That ’ s why demand for natural bristles keeps rising in spite of cheaper synthetic ones . To be frank with you , if it were not for the long - standing relationship between us , we would hardly be willing to make you a firm offer at this price 
Well , we ’ ll have a lot of difficulties in persuading our clients to buy at this price . But I ’ ll have to try , I suppose 
I don ’ t know why I married him 
What is the matter 
He never see eye to eye with me 
That is to say , love is blind 
Can I help you 
Yes , I need to buy a computer for this semester . I was told it is cheaper to buy computers here 
Well , you heard right.You can get an excellent deal on a new computer here.We have great discounts for students 
I don't know much about computers.But I know I want a desktop computer with a lot of memory . And I need a printer 
Well , first let's consider your computer.Here , for example , is a system I highly recommend--the Power Macintosh G3.It comes with 64 megabytes of total memory 
Is that a lot ? Sixty-four 
Yes , it is . It should be enough for any student needs you might have.What department are you in 
History 
Well , so you will mostly be using word processing , for writing papers . I recommend the Corel Word Perfect program for word processing.We can talk about software later . Let's talk about your
Thirty percent 
Yes 
Wow . That's really good.And you think this is really a good system for a graduate student 
Yes . It's an excellent system 
Hmm . Hey , wait . This has an Apple on it . Is this an Apple computer 
Yes , it's a Macintosh . It's Apple . Macintosh and Apple are the same thing 
I don't want Macintosh . I want PC 
I'm sorry , but our university computer center only sells Macintosh equipment 
What ? Are you serious 
Yes 
But nobody uses Macintosh 
That's not true.Most of the students and professors in the university here use Macintosh.They find it is better for writing and word-processing , and that is what students mostly do . Ma
Yes , I'm from Taiwan 
Well , I know that in most Asian countries Apple is not very popular.But here in America , especially in universities and publishing companies , Apple is very commonly used 
But I need a computer that can handle writing in Chinese 
There are several Chinese writing programs you can use with Macintosh.Chinese is no problem for Apple 
Hmm . I think I should ask some of my friends for advice before I make a decision . I'm sorry 
No , don't be sorry . It's reasonable to ask your friends.But believe me , most of the students here in the university--Asian students included--most of them use Apple 
Well , thanks for your advice . I will probably come back later 
You're very welcome . Here is my card , if you need any help 
Hello ! Is this Mr . Chang 
Yes . Who is speaking 
This is Kelly speaking . I am calling from London . How are you , Mr . Chang 
Oh , Kelly , I couldn't recognize your voice . Well , I'm fine 
Mr . Chang , I just want to tell you that we are leaving London for Beijing by flight CP 645 on Saturday morning . Could you meet us at the airport , please 
Excuse me , I couldn't quite hear you . This line is crossed . Can you speak louder , please 
I will say it again ... Do you hear me now 
Much better . I will definitely go to the airport to meet you 
Thank you very much . Goodbye 
Goodbye 
IBA Bank , Business Banking Department . Ling Ming speaking . How may I help you 
Ms Ling ! It's Mr Gwent , from Montgomery Computers 
Hello , Mr Gwent . What can I do for you today 
Some money has been sent from our Head Office in Berlin . Could you check whether you have received the remittance yet 
Of course . Do you know which bank it was sent through and the amount and currency 
Deutsche Bank . It was 25,000 US dollars 
Yes , here it is . That's received and cleared , so it's available for withdrawal 
My wife gave birth to our first child today 
Wow ! I'm so happy for you 
Did you even bother to go to school today 
Yeah , I went . Did you go 
No , I didn't feel like it 
That's nice , have you been to the movies lately 
No , but that was a random change of subject 
It may have been random , but have you 
I haven't lately 
I would love to catch a movie this weekend 
So then , why don't you just go 
I don't want to see a movie by myself 
Okay , so are you going to school tomorrow 
I think I might just go to the movies 
It's said you will go abroad to pursue your graduate studies 
Yes , I've been thinking about visiting you . I hope to get some advice from you 
Which country do you want to go to 
My field is electronic engineering . Which country do you think I should go 
Were I in your position , I ’ d go to America 
Which university should I apply to 
There are many universities for you to choose from . Some famous universities such as Harvard , Yale , the University of Michigan , and Massachusetts Institute of Technology are really wonderful places to study , but they are very competitive and expensive . Some smaller universities or institutes are also very nice but much cheaper 
Oh , I see . Thank you very much 
Hi , I ’ m Ray , your tenant in Room 209 
Hi . What ’ s up 
There ’ re some problems in my apartment . First , the faucet in the bathtub drips constantly 
Okay , I ’ ll ask my plumber to come by and fix it today . What else 
One of the burners on the stove doesn ’ t work 
What ’ s the matter with it 
I can ’ t control the temperature 
I ’ ll get an electrician to repair it as soon as possible . Is that everything 
Well , there ’ s one more thing . The telephone is dead 
I ’ m sorry . There ’ s nothing I can do about that . You ’ Ve got to call the phone company 
Okay . Thank you very much 
You ’ re welcome 
Medicine Industry , this is Peter Bush speaking , can I help you 
Good afternoon , could you connect this call with Mr Brown , please
May I know who's calling 
This is Li Ping of ABC computer company limited . I'm calling on our Mr Wilson the general manager of our company 
I'm sorry , Mrs Li , Mr Brown is now in a meeting.May I have your number , and ask him to call you back later 
I'm afraid Mr Wilson would like to speak to Mr Brown right now.He ' s got an urgent matter to discuss with Mr Brown without delay 
Ok , then would you please hold the line ? Mr Li , the line is through , Mr Brown is ready answering the call , go ahead 
Thank you for your assistance , Mr Bush 
You are welcome 
What are you doing 
I'm watching TV 
Are there any good programs on TV 
Tingling is on TV 
Which Channel is it 
Channel 8 
It doesn't seem quite interesting . Would you change the channel 
I'd like to check in , PLS 
Awfully sorry , sir . There are no rooms available now 
But I ’ Ve reserved a room the day before yesterday 
Sorry , may I have your name 
Tony Bush 
Pls wait a minute , let me check . Excuse me , but I can't seem to find your name on our list . Are you sure you have a reservation for tonight 
Of course , I did it myself 
I am terribly sorry . There must have been some mistakes . Let me check it again . Oh , yes , there is a name listed as Tommy Bush . It must be the fault of the clerk who registered your name . I apologize 
Don't worry about that 
According to the records , your reservation is for a single room with shower and air conditioners for two nights . The room rate will be 110 dollars per night , including 10 % tax and 4 % service charge . Is this right 
Yes , that's right . I'd like to pay my bill by credit card 
May I make a copy of your card 
Here you are 
Ok , now could you fill out this registration form 
All right 
Your room number is 707 . Here is your key . The bellhop will help you carry the suitcases to your room . Have a nice evening 
I really like the apartment , but I was wondering if I could change some things 
What would you like to change 
I would like to have different carpet 
I would be willing to put in a different color carpet if you pay the price difference 
How much more would it cost 
It would cost between 2 and 10 dollars more per square yard 
While I am at it , would it be possible to switch paint colors 
I would be willing to look at a different color . You need to bring me a sample 
When can my apartment be painted and ready to go 
You can have the new carpet and paint by next Monday 
Waitress , can I have the bill , please 
Yes , sir . How would you like to pay the bill , sir 
Do you accept credit cards 
Yes , sir . But we only accept American Express , Master card and Visa . What kind do you have 
Master card . Here you go 
Wait a moment , please 
You have to finish your dinner before you leave the table 
But , Mom , I can't eat anymore . I'm stuffed 
What's the matter ? It doesn't taste good 
It's not that I don't like your cooking , but I ate some cookies before we had dinner 
There's a car waiting for you just outside the door . Right this way , please 
OK 
Let me put your cases into the trunk and please get in the back 
Thanks 
How was your flight 
It's comfortable , but now I'm a little tired 
We'll reach the Beijing hotel in another ten minutes . When we arrived there , you can go up and have a rest . The hotel has very good service , and it's considered as one of the best hotels here 
Thank you ! I lived there when I came to Beijing last time . It's comfortable and beautiful 
If it's convenient for you , Mr . Wu would like to invite you to the banquet in honor of you in the evening 
Thank you ! I will . When and where will the dinner be 
At six o'clock in the International Hotel . We'll pick you up this afternoon . Besides , if you care for visiting , we'll arrange some sightseeing for you 
Oh , that's nice . Thank you for arranging all of this 
Tom , it's time for you to go to bed 
Good night , mum 
Good night 
I ’ m thinking about redecorating my bedroom . I bought this magazine in order to get some ideas . What do you think of this 
That looks good . The room in the picture is bigger than your bedroom , so you wouldn ’ t be able to have all that furniture in your room 
I ’ d like to have the bed and the wardrobe 
You would fit both of them in your bedroom . Perhaps you could also get the dressing table . I think that one would look good in your bedroom 
Yes , it would . It ’ s very expensive though 
Everything in this magazine seems expensive . You could probably find something similar in a discount store 
Yes . I ’ m sure I could find something similar at one . I ’ d also like to get a new carpet for my bedroom 
You can get cheap carpets easily . Another idea is to buy a rug . That would cover a lot of the carpet and you wouldn ’ t have to replace the carpet . It would save you a lot of work 
That ’ s a good idea . I ’ m really looking forward to redoing my bedroom 
Did you make it to school today 
I always do . Did you go to school today 
No , I didn't 
You should have , but have you seen any movies lately 
That was an odd change of subject 
Maybe it was , but answer the question 
No , not recently 
I want to go to see a movie this weekend 
What's stopping you then 
I don't want to go alone 
So , will you be at school tomorrow 
No , I want to go to the movies instead 
Could you arrange me to see Doctor John tomorrow morning 
I ’ m afraid not . He will be not free until 11:30 
How about 1:30 
Let me check 
Welcome to IBA . How can I help you 
You called yesterday to tell me that our funds under the L / C had arrived ? It's Ming Cha Legal Services 
Oh , yes . I remember . You must be Mr Xie . It's nice to put a face to a voice 
Yes , it sure is . The L / C number is JD185649000023 
JD185649000023 ? Yes , found it . 175,000 Euros , is that correct ? JD185649000023 
Correct . Could I convert that into RIB 
Yes , you can . Just wait a moment and I'll do that for you now 
That's fine , thanks 
What brings you to Beijing 
I'm here on business 
Have you seen the sales report for last quarter ? Who do you think is our digest threat 
From the numbers , it seems like Forest Inc . is our digest competitor ... Le'Ban and Markford are also major contenders in our market 
Le'Ban is the new kid on the block , it's amazing they've had such tremendous success so soon ... With them on the scene , the competition is outthrough 
here's information about our competitor's recent market activities ..
Thanks , this will be a big help in putting together next quarter's marketing strategies . With competition this intense , we'll have to step up production even more . We need a price we can compete with 
We're in a very competitive environment . It's sink or saimin this market 
Better start swimming ! we've got to find a way to outsmart the other guys . I want a preliminarily strategic marketing plan on my desk by next Tuesday ... the competition never sleeps and neither should we 
I'll see you in Sterlet , then 
Where did you say 
Sterlet . It's spelt 0 , S , T , E , R , L , E , Y 
Right 
What kind of jobs have you had 
I have been a Production Manager 
How many years have you worked as a Production Manager 
3 years 
Would you like to tell me something about your outstanding achievements 
I had introduced an advanced product line , which increased the output and lessened the cost 
Wonderful . Then how many employers have you worked for 
Frankly speaking , three . If your company employs me , it will be my fourth 
Then have you received any award at your present company 
Yes . I was awarded the title of Advanced Worker last year 
How would you evaluate the company you are with 
Although I could not say that everything is perfect there , I still very much appreciate what the company has given me , especial many chances 
How would your colleagues evaluate you 
They would say I am a responsible friend and a capable colleague 
Can you get recommendations from your present employers 
Yes , I have brought them with me . Here they are 
Do you have any questions 
I think that you have covered all the important points already.But if I have any questions later I will contact you 
How about seconds , Victor 
No.thanks . I'm full 
I ’ m glad you could make it 
It ’ s my job . What can I help you with 
I think a pipe burst in my apartment 
In what room is this pipe 
You ’ ll find the pipe in my bathroom 
When did the pipe start leaking 
It ’ s been leaking for a couple of days now 
I will need to tear down that wall to fix that pipe 
I understand 
You ’ re fine with that 
I just want the problem taken care of 
Okay . I will begin working on it now , if you ’ d like 
I love your little Lulu dolls.How much for a batch of 6,000 
For a batch of 6,000 we would charge two dollars a doll . your total cost would be $ 12,000 
That ’ s a little steep for our company.Do you offer any discounts 
Well , we ’ d like to work with you . If you ordered a larger quantity we could drop the price a little . Can you increase your order to 15,000 
Hmmm.It wouldn ’ t be easy , but if the discount makes it worthwhile , we can consider it.How much of a discount would that give us 
For order of 12,000 or more we charge only $ 1.5 a doll . your total cost would be $ 18,000 
So , for an additional 6,000 dollars , we get twice as many dolls ? That still might be a little hard.Couldn ’ t you discount it further ? We ’ Ve been pricing other suppliers , and this discount might
We do value your business . I think I can offer a further discount – say 5 % 
I think we can handle that . Let me confirm with my boss and touch base with you again tomorrow 
May I help you 
Yes . Do you exchange foreign money here 
Yes . Our bank is authorized to deal with foreign exchange 
What kinds of currency do you change 
We can change only three kinds of currency , USD , Japanese Yen and HK Dollar in our savings office 
Could you tell me what the exchange rate for USD is today 
The buying rate is 826 . 44 yuan for 100 dollars 
I want to change some Us dollars to cover my expense here 
Please go to Counter No . 2 , the foreign exchange counter . It's over there 
Thank you 
Can you hold the end of this tape measure 
Sure . What's this for 
I ' m taking some measurements for new curtains 
What about measuring the floor for a new carpet , and the walls for new wallpaper 
I thought we'll just fix up the wood floor.and use some paint for the walls 
Good idea . I was thinking the same myself 
Tomorrow we'll go and pick out some curtains and paint 
Do you want to go shopping with me 
That's a good idea.What time is good for you 
How about Saturday morning 
Sounds good 
Did you ever get your bus pass 
I don't think I'm going to get one 
Why not 
It's just a waste of cash , man 
Actually , it'll save you money 
Oh , really 
Because you can use your bus pass as many times as you want 
Really 
Yeah , and you never have to worry about scraping for change 
That sounds like a good deal 
Yeah , So , are you going to buy one 
I will 
How was your education going on in Australia 
I'm going to graduate this summer 
Where are you going to work then , in Australia or back in China 
I'm planning to return to China after graduation 
Why are you choosing to leave a foreign country ? Many people are reluctant to leave the superior living environment abroad 
Well , I think personal development is much more important than simply having a superior living environment 
Yeah , China's developing so fast and development opportunities can be found almost in every corner of the country 
Will you send the letter to the chairman of the committee 
I should be most delighted 
Thank you , Mr . White 
Delighted I was able to help 
Hello . This is Mrs . Wilson . I'd like to buy a new car . Could you offer me a new type of the car , please 
Oh , Madam , buy what 
A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ..
Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number 
Isn't this the car store 
No . It's Mike's Sporting Goods 
Oh , sorry . Do you know the number for a car store , then 
No . I don't . I suggest you look in the phone book 
I'm sorry to have bothered you 
No problem 
There's a big problem with my room . I'm in 507 
Would you tell me the nature of the problem , sir 
I have cockroaches crawling in my room 
Perhaps you saw a silverfish , sir 
I've seen nine more cockroaches than I wanted to see 
Sir , you haven't been drinking by any chance , have you 
How dare you question my statement 
Forgive me . You're 100 percent correct . Allow me to transfer you to my supervisor 
May I take your order 
I would like to have shelled shrimps with cashew nuts 
Anything else 
Strawberry cake as dessert , please . By the way , could you serve my main course without garlic and put less ginger in it 
No problem , sir 
Excuse me , sir . Can I look at your ticket 
Wait a minute . I am really sorry but I can't find it now 
You must have left it somewhere 
Maybe , what shall I do now 
Well , I think you should pay upon arrival 
Well , I think that's the only thing I can do 
So how ’ s everything going for Christmas 
I ’ Ve got all the presents I need , and my family is working together to get all the food ready . That ’ s easy ; but I have another problem to deal with 
What ’ s that ? Don ’ t tell me you ’ Ve still got Christmas cards to write , it usually takes my wife a month to write all of ours 
No , I did that a long time ago . It ’ s about telling my son the truth about Santa Claus 
He still doesn ’ t know that Santa isn ’ t real ? How old is he , eight 
Yes . He ’ s never said anything so I never told him . But now that he ’ s getting older ..
You think it ’ s better that he should be told 
Yes , he ’ s too old to believe in that type of things . And I ’ d rather tell him before the kids at school do 
That happened to my oldest girl . She became really upset when her classmates told her Santa wasn ’ t real 
I can understand . I was lucky with my oldest ; she figured it out by herself and didn ’ t tell my son 
Well , when you tell him , be gentle . It ’ s hard for kids to find out something like that 
Is Stanley still singing that Elvis song ? He's really hogging the mike 
If I hear " Love Me Tender " one more time , I think I'm going to go crazy 
He sounds like a sick cow 
Can we adjust the pitch a little ? Maybe he'll sound better in a higher key 
I already tried that . Nothing seems to help 
Hey ! Where are you going ... 
What do you feel like eating this morning 
I usually just have a bowl of cereal 
The most important meal of the day is breakfast 
Yeah , but I don't usually have time to eat a big breakfast 
You can always make an easy breakfast 
What do you make 
All I make is oatmeal , toast , and some orange juice 
That sounds pretty good 
I like it , and it's a fast meal 
That is a very quick meal to make 
I can make it for you if you like 
Oatmeal and toast sounds good to me 
Would you please wrap the shoes first ? I would like to buy a sweater 
Sure . Take your time 
How much does the green one cost 
$ 80 
OK . I will take it as well . How much in all 
Open your suitcase please 
Ok , here you are 
Do you have anything do declare 
No , I don't 
Any cigarettes ? Baker 
Yes , I have two cotton of cigarettes one bottle of whisky 
What is the white powder ? Are they drugs 
No , this is the medicine for the stomach 
May I open one of those ? Let me taste it 
Yes , Sir , go ahead , here you are 
Can you tell Bob from Tom 
How can I ? They're as alike as two peas in a pod 
Don't you notice that Bob has a mole on his face , but Tom does not 
You really have keen eyes 
Would you and your wife care to come to our place and have tea with us some afternoon 
Why , that's very kind of you , Mrs . Johnson . I'm sure my wife will be glad to 
How about tomorrow afternoon 
Tomorrow afternoon would be fine 
This is a very good meeting , Liz 
I am happy that we ’ Ve finally cleared up some problems 
I think we have . Is there anything else to discuss 
No . That's all , I guess 
Then let's call it a day , shall we 
All right . See you later 
After a while 
Hi , there ’ s a problem with this stereo . I ’ d like to return it , please 
What ’ s the problem 
The tape player doesn ’ t work 
O . K . Do you have your receipt 
Yes , here you are 
Thank you . Do you want your money back , or would you like to exchange it 
I think I ’ d like to just get another stereo , please 
O . K . Here ’ s a receipt for store credit . Just take it back to the stereo section and one of our salesmen will help you 
Thanks a lot 
No problem . Thank you 
Do you think Mr . Johnson is a good worker 
Just between you and me , I think he's lazy 
Haven't you ever seen him working late 
No , I haven't 
Hi Joe . You've met my new assistant , right 
Emm ... yes . But I wasn't too impressed . I found her a little stuck up 
You are kidding , but she's so helpful 
Tom ... you are her boss , you down . Of course , she's helpful to you 
Come on . She's like that with everyone 
I don't think so actually . She never even says " hello " to me 
Look ! Allen has the mike 
I thought he only liked to listen 
That was before he heard Stanley sing ! I guess he couldn't stand it anymore , so he decided to give it a try himself ! Allen has a really good voice ! He sounds like Enrique Iglesias 
And he can move , too ! He dances like Ricky Martin 
Just dab it all over your face and then take a look at the symbols that appear 
Yeah ... hearts , stars and some weird looking things 
Those are money bags , and they represent your financial situation 
So decode this for me , Madame Psycho 
That's Madame Psychic to you 
I'm waiting ..
Well , you have three hearts — lucky in love tonight . Dress up and go on a date 
Hi , Nicole . Did you have a good weekend 
Yes , I did . But I feel tired today 
Really ? Why 
Well , on Saturday I cleaned the house and played tennis . Then on Sunday I hiked in the country 
And I bet you studied , too 
Yeah . I studied on Sunday evening . What about you 
Well , I didn't clean the house and I didn't study . I stayed in bed and watched TV 
That sounds like fun , but did you exercise 
Sort of . I played golf on my computer 
I'd like to return this radio 
Okay . Do you have your receipt 
I lost it 
I am sorry , but you need a receipt for a refund 
But I purchased it yesterday 
Perhaps you would like to talk to customer service 
Well , that's a start , I guess 
They're right upstairs 
That sounds good . I'll take the escalator 
Good luck . I hope someone can help you 
What's your new girlfriend like 
Katherine ? Well , she's good at languages 
Does she know how to speak Spanish 
She knows how to speak Spanish and Japanese 
Wow ! ! 
And she's good at sports , too . She knows how to play tennis and basketball 
That's terrific 
But there's one thing she's not good at 
What's that 
She's not good at remembering things . We have a date , and she's an hour late ! 
Excuse me , is there a table for 8 right now 
Let me see ... I am sorry the tables you want are booked 
Well , since there are some small square tables , could we put two tables together 
No problem , sir . Let me help you 
We are approaching the top of the mountain 
What a beautiful view we have here 
Yes , you can have a bird's-eye view of the whole city 
Wonderful . Will we have any free time there 
Of course . We will stay there for half an hour and you can do your own business 
Hello , how can I help you today 
I would like to open a Current Account , please 
OK , please fill in a Deposit Slip . All you need to do is to write the amount here and your name over here , on this line . I'll take care of the rest . First , could I see some ID 
That's great , here you are . This is my passport 
Take care , Peter . Don't run so fast . Are you tired 
Oh , yes . May I sit on the grass 
No , you mustn't sit on the grass . Don't you see the notes 
Yes , I can see it . But what's on it 
It says ' Keep off the grass ! 
Well , there's a bench under the tree . We can sit there 
Be careful . You can't smoke here 
Why not 
Can't you see the notes there ? It says ' No smoking here ' 
Can I help you 
Yes , I ’ m doing some research on Roman civilization . Do you have any books on the subject 
These books over here are about ancient history . They might be helpful 
Can I check this one out 
I ’ m sorry . It ’ s for reference only , so it must stay in the library . But you ’ re welcome to look through it 
Ok . And I ’ d like to check these books out 
All right . They ’ re due back next Wednesday 
Thanks for your help 
Can I help you 
I'd like to have a look at your air conditioners . Hum , this one looks pretty good 
Yes , it ’ s this summer ’ s best-seller 
And what about your customer service 
We provide free delivery and installation 
How long is the warranty 
It is two-year and covers parts and service 
Very good . I ’ ll take it 
Can you connect me to Mary . Smith Hotel room 
Mrs . Smith has not checked in yet 
Can you leave a message for her to call her office 
Yes , I'll see that she get the message when she checks in 
Good morning , Mr.Jones 
Good morning , Miss Bell 
Nice to see you again 
Nice to see you too . It's been a long time 
How is everything 
Just fine , and you 
Quite well , thank you 
Did you drive yourself to the airport 
No , I was driven by my husband 
Did someone meet you at the airport here 
Yes , thanks 
Is this where we'll be holding the meeting 
No , the meeting will be held on the fourth floor 
Nice to see you , Patrick 
Bob ! I hear your team won the match 
Yeah . All of us tried our best 
Congratulations 
I've just visited your showroom . You surely get a lot of fancy bedsheets . I like them very much 
I'm glad you like them . They are all made of silk . Here on display are all the most popular and favorite products . What items are you particularly interested in 
20 is very colorful and feels nice . I'd like to start with it . Is it pure silk 
Yes . It is the latest product and is highly recommended because of its fine design and quality . You certainly have an eye for good things 
Thank you for saying that . But what's the unit price 
Here is the catalogue and the price list . You can take a look 
The price seems acceptable . Can you supply the bedsheets now if we order some 
No problem 
That's fine . Then let's sign a contract 
Shit , so crowded 
The radio said it's OK on this road 
Things change every minute 
We have too many cars 
Taxi 
Where will you go , sir 
Friendship Hotel 
OK , it's not far from here 
I have something important to do , can you fast the speed 
Sure , I'll try my best . Here we are 
How much should I pay you 
The reading on the meter is 15 yuan 
Here's 20 yuan , keep the change 
Thank you very much 
What would you like to drink 
I'd like a coke 
Forget about the coke . Let's drink some wine , shall we 
Okay 
What would you prefer ? Red wine or white 
Red 
Are you okay , man ? You don ’ t look very well 
Ugh , I feel terrible . I went out last night with Trevor , and things got a little out of hand 
Nice ! So , where did you guys go 
We hit a couple of local bars , and met up with some friends . Everything was cool until Mike came along , and it turned out that it was his birthday yesterday 
Oh no ! Mike ’ s birthday is a drinkfest for sure 
Tell me about it ! We drank everything in the bar 
Is that why you missed work today 
Yeah . I woke up this morning feeling really nauseous . I threw up like five times 
Www 
I was so dehydrated that I drank like a gallon of water , and my head has been pounding all day . I swear , I ’ m never gonna drink again 
Too bad man , tonight is Tracy ’ s going away party and she asked if you were gonna go 
Oh , yeah . I ’ m there 
Are there any scenic spots nearby 
You can go to ZhongShan Park 
Have you ever been there 
Yes . The scenery there is so breathtaking
Really 
Yes , of course . It's really worth visiting 
Do you have any tissue , Eve ? I've used all mine 
Here . Are you all right 
Thanks . I am all right . It's just my nose . It must be an allergy . Do you have any aspirin ? I have a terrible headache 
I don't have an aspirin . Perhaps you should go to a doctor 
No , no . I am okay . It's the weather . It was warm and sunny this morning and now it's chilly and raining 
Really , John . I still think you should go to a doctor . You've been sneezing ever since you entered the office this morning . Why don't you take this afternoon off ? If you don't want to see a doctor , at least you can go home and have a good rest 
I can't . I am already behind the schedule . Besides , you know Mr . White . He would think that I was putting him on 
You didn't do anything but sneeze this morning , and you can't do anything this afternoon like this . Gee ! You've got a fever 
Do I ? Oh , no 
Listen to me . You go home now . I will call my doctor and have him go over . Ok 
What about Mr.White 
I'll handle him . Now go home . I'll call you after work 
Thanks a lot , Eve . Goodbye 
What can I do for you 
I'd like to have my hair cut 
OK . This way , please 
You look so busy 
We've particularly busy on Sunday . Please sit here . How do you wish it cut 
Short on both sides . Not so much in the middle 
It's a long time since you had a haircut last time , isn't it 
Yes . You are right 
How long ago 
About two months 
Hello 
Hi , Shelley . Have you had lunch 
Not yet 
So shall we have lunch together ? I ’ d like to take you this time 
I ’ d like to , but I can ’ t 
How come 
I ’ Ve a lot of paper work to do right now . I ’ m behind schedule 
All right . Can we make it another time 
Sure , thanks 
I ’ ll call you later . Bye 
Bye 
What about you , Emily ? Have you dated anyone recently 
I started to date someone recently , but it didn't work out 
That's too bad . What happened 
Well ... that's a long story 
If we employ you , what starting salary would you expect 
I'd like to start at 3000 yuan a month 
I think your background and experience are worth the compensation 
Does it include bonuses 
No , there are annual bonuses , one week paid vacation a year , and health insurance 
Very good 
Holly ? Holly Madison , is that you ? You look great ! You haven't changed a bit 
Uh ... Andrew . Hello . I can't quite remember you 
It's me . The D-man ! I sat behind you in English . Are you and Taylor still dating 
Um ... we never were . We're just friends 
Well , if you're not seeing anyone , maybe we could ..
... I am seeing someone . This is Yi-jun , my ..
What should you do if you find out a man may has an illegal departure in exit control point 
We can inform the department in charge and ask for revocation of passport 
What else do you need to keep him in temporary custody 
We need a detention warrant 
Mr . Reynolds ? Rick Murphy . I ’ m the accounting manager for Macmillan and Emory , Incorporated 
Nice to meet you . How can I help you 
I would like to meet with you to discuss some discrepancies on our payroll account 
Certainly , Mr . Murphy . Could you come to my office this afternoon at 2:30 
I enjoy the folk song and dance show very much 
I'm glad you appreciate our folk music . But a live performance is much more interesting 
I can't wait anymore . When does the performance start 
The show starts at 7 and is over at around 10 o'clock p . m 
( After the show ) It's an excellent musical . The acting was very expressive and the songs and dancing were superb 
I'm glad you enjoyed it . It's had long run , but the house has always been full 
What do you think of the leading actors 
Personally I liked the main character . He was true to type 
You are a better judge . I don't know the play well enough 
When will the campus recruitment of L'Oreal being this year 
According to their scheme , it will begin on September 10th 
It is really early , isn't it 
Yes , it is much earlier than past years 
I'd like to reserve a table for two , please 
For what time , sir 
Around 8: 30 p . m 
May I have your name please , sir 
Yes , Anthony Fox 
Mr . Fox , we'll hold the table for you for ten minutes . Please be sure to arrive before 8: 40 
I'm more worried about snipers 
Snipers 
Sniping is when someone makes a bid at the very last minute to steal something for a bargain price 
So you're afraid someone is going to snipe your Buddha 
I heard about a software program called turbid . It automatically submits a bid with just a few seconds to go in an auction 
Count me out . I can do without shills and snipers and turbo-bidders 
Last trip was very terrible . I hope everything will be fine this time . Don ’ t blow it 
Trust me . Everything will go well 
Charles , have you finished your homework 
Not yet , Grandma , What's the matter 
I want you to have a walk with me 
I'll finish soon 
I am having a hard time at my job 
What's wrong , Julia 
My colleagues quickly get promotions , while I always get sidelined . I don't know what to do anymore 
Don't give up so soon 
But I don't know what else I can do . I am willing to work hard . Sometimes I make mistakes and the boss is not happy 
Mistakes are just a lessons to learn from 
Tell that to my boss 
Do you know Abraham Lincoln 
Yes 
He grew up poor in Kentucky and barely had a year of schooling , but he went on to become the President of United States 
He was also assassinated because of his views 
He is known as American's greatest president . Do you know why ? Because he fought against slavery and secession at a time in history where others were too afraid to do anything . He succeeded because of his ambition and generous spirit 
Well , if he can become president , then I can at least get a promotion 
That's the spirit . Never give up on your dream 
What can I help you with today 
I need to check out this book 
Do you have your library card 
I don ’ t have one 
Would you like to apply for one right now 
That ’ s fine 
I ’ m going to need you to fill out the application 
All right . All done 
All right , now please sign the back of the card 
Okay . I ’ Ve signed it 
That ’ s all there is to it 
Great . Now can I check out this book 
Wait for me 
Okay . Take your time 
Dad , how do you say this word 
Sword , say it ' sword ' 
What does this word mean 
Look it up in the dictionary 
Dad , can you just tell me what it means ? I'm too lazy 
No , honey , go and read it . You'll learn 
What can I do for you 
My wife and I want to see the places of interest in Shenzhen , Guangzhou and Zhuhai . Can you arrange a tour for us 
How long would you like to stay In these cities 
Well , three days 
There is a three-day package tour . You will have 3 full days in the cities . It is a general tour of the cities . The itinerary includes the places of interest such as Window of the World , China Folk Culture Village . Chen Clan Academy , Southern Yue Tomb , and Gongbei Market 
That sounds good . How much is the tour 
200 yuan for each person 
What does it include 
It includes your air fare , your hotel accommodations and the meals 
Could we have you make all the necessary plane , hotel , and tour reservations 
Yes . we could do that for you 
Excuse me , young man 
Yes , ma ’ am 
Could you point me in the direction of the bank ? I ’ Ve lost my way 
Certainly , ma ’ am . Just take these stairs down to the first floor and turn left . You can ’ t miss it 
How did you spend the weekend 
I went to a movie with my boyfriend 
Really ? How was it 
It was great . The director took a lot of care while framing . They say be has good chance at winning the Oscar for best director . Also I like the actors , some really great new young actors 
Oh , yeah ? What's it about 
Well , it's the classic love story between two people from conflicting backgrounds . But besides a beautiful story , the cinematography is great . There is some really dramatic footage . It's really quite a visual feast . And the soundtrack is moving 
Sounds pretty good . Is it a tragedy 
The ending is a bit of a surprise . I don't want to ruin it for you 
Oh , I like movies with surprise endings , although , sometimes they can be frustrating . Maybe I should invite my girlfriend to go next weekend 
It would be a really good choice . The movie is very suitable for lovers to see together . I'm sure you won't regret it 
Here's your roast chicken , ma'am 
Thank you 
Excuse me , waiter , could you bring me some barbecue sauce 
Certainly . ( He brings her the sauce . ) Here you are . Can I get you anything else 
I'm fine for now , thanks 
We ’ re going to the movies . Will you join us 
I ’ m very sorry I can ’ t 
Why not 
I ’ m afraid I have some business to attend to 
Then would you like to have lunch with us 
I ’ d love to but I have to help John with his math problems right now 
Would you like me to give you a lift 
No , thanks . His home is not far and I can walk there 
Come on . It ’ s no trouble at all 
Ok , thank you 
The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face 
And 
And she did her best to pull out the thorn in her flesh and the boy lost whatever made him happy 
Poor child 
After this lunch , I haven ’ t got much green left 
Poor Ben , your wife is too mean to you . She gives you so little money every time when you are out 
Do you have the time 
It's ten thirty 
What do you do in your spare time 
During the weekend I often take the family out on short trips 
That sounds interesting 
Yes , it helps me to relax 
Do you have any hobbies 
I like to paint . 
What kind of things do you paint 
Mainly seascapes 
What kinds of sports do you like 
I like almost all sports , and I enjoy both playing and watching . I especially like tennis and mountain climbing . I was in the climbing club all through school 
Good morning , Mr.Black . I am the new secretary 
Good morning , Miss White . You are half an hour early 
I don't want to make a bad impression 
Come on over . This is your desk , and this is your time card . Be sure to clock in and out before and after you work 
I will 
One more thing , keep your desk neat . It's the rule . There is no exception , even the art designers have to keep their desks neat 
I'll keep that in mind . Does everything on the desk belong to me 
Not belong . You can use them as long as you work here . When you quit , you ’ ll have to return them to the company 
What's the extension number for my phone 
The operator will put all your calls through . You don't have to worry about that 
Can I make personal phone calls during my office hours 
Of course you can . Every one has his personal matters to deal with more or less , but don't chat over the phone . What's more , don't let it hinder your work and the company's business 
I understand 
When you settle down , I'll show you around and introduce you to the department managers 
what date is it today 
why 
look at the girls in the street . They all have bunch of flowers.Is it Valentine's Day 
Oh , yes ! I completely forgot about it 
did you have a fight with Jack 
no , but now he'll be in trouble . What's a boyfriend for ? To forget about Valentine's Day 
come on , dear ! You forgot it , too 
you know , it's OK for a girl to forget these " big days " , but for a guy , to do that is unforgivable 
is that your phone 
oh , it's Jack . Excuse me 
wow ! good timing 
he asked me out to a dinner tonight . How about joining us 
come on ! three's a crowd 
so what 
just go ! it's Valentine's Day 
I will take the coat . Do you receive checks 
Yes , of course 
Here you are . Please give me a receipt 
Sorry , sir , you have to pay in the check-out counter . It's there 
OK , please wrap it for me first 
What ? What ’ s up 
Our softball team is in the finals ! We ’ re playing the McGrath office on Saturday 
Fantastic ! I ’ ll be there 
I have a problem with my cable 
What about it 
My cable has been out for the past week or so 
The cable is down right now . I am very sorry 
When will it be working again 
It should be back on in the next couple of days 
Do I still have to pay for the cable 
We're going to give you a credit while the cable is down 
So , I don't have to pay for it 
No , not until your cable comes back on 
Okay , thanks for everything 
You're welcome , and I apologize for the inconvenience 
Did you get your grades yet 
Yeah . My whole GPA is screwed up now 
Why ? What happened 
Well , I bombed my econ final and ended up with a 1.7 
Ouch . You must be very disappointed 
Well , it's my fault because I didn't study as much as I should have 
Why don't you re-take the class next year 
That's what I plan on doing unless I keep screwing up . How did you do this semester 
I didn't do that well either . I ended up with a 3.2 this semester . That drops my total GPA to 3.45 
My GPA is pretty similar to yours . I have a 3.1 now because of the stupid econ class 
What was your GPA before this semester 
I was sitting happy with a 3.4 
Why did it go down so much 
Let's just say I screwed up more than my econ class 
What happened to you 
I started playing starcraft and ended up wasting a lot of time 
You better stop slacking off 
You're right . I'm not going to play games during school anymore 
I really don ’ t know how to teach my son . He's getting far above himself 
You should send him to the boarding school . He need a strict teacher 
Maybe you are right . I will discuss it with my wife tonight 
Ladies and gentlemen , our flight will be delayed for one hour due to the congestion of the airport 
Excuse me , Miss.What did the announcement say 
We'll be delayed for one hour , because the airport is very crowded 
No kidding ! We'll miss the connecting flight 
Oh , will you ? That's too bad.We ' re very sorry to cause you a lot of trouble 
I really have to get to Paris by this evening.Would you please try to find any other available flight 
Don't you think it's nice out 
Yes , I think so too 
I think that it's going to rain 
I hope that it does rain 
You like the rain 
The sky looks so clean after it rains . I love it 
I understand . Rain does make it smell cleaner 
I love most how it is at night after it rains 
How come 
You can see the stars so much more clearly after it rains 
I would love for it to rain today 
I would too 
I've just been a little depressed lately 
What's wrong 
Nothing really 
Then just keep your chin up 
Welcome to the International Business Department . How can I help you 
Hello . I'm Ms Dawson from Lexington Software . I need to send these documents to Vietnam via L / C 
No problem , I can do that for you right now . Have you checked the documents 
I have , but I have never done this before so would it be possible for you to double check them 
Of course , that's all part of the service 
Thank you . I don't think there should be any problems , but just to be sure ..
Don't worry ; I'm sure it will be fine . If I do have any queries I'll call you , OK 
That's fine . Thank you again 
If I understand the terms correctly , the length of the contract would be one year with a one-year option . Is that correct 
Do you mean the contract for equipment rental or the one for training 
I was under the impression that both contracts had the same terms 
Yes and no . Let me see if I can clarify that . The terms are the same except that the contract for training has a clause that allows for the cancellation after the first six months 
Could you elaborate on that 
Sure . What I mean is that either side could cancel the training contract after the six months as long as it's in writing 
Let me see if I have that right . This contract is for six months of training , but if it isn't cancelled , continues for another six months . Is that right 
Yes , that's right 
Okay , that's clear enough . Let's move on to the other terms 
Hello . Excuse me 
Yes . Can I help you 
Do you remember me ? I just had lunch here a half hour ago 
Of course I remember you 
I think I lost my wallet here 
Oh , no . Really ? I didn't see anything 
Really ? You didn't find a wallet 
No , I didn't . Would you like to go look by the table with me 
Yes , I would . It's not here . And it's not on the floor.Has anyone sat at this table since we left 
No . It's been empty the whole time 
Hmm . I don't know how it could have happened 
I remember , sir , that your friend took the bill.You didn't pay for the lunch yourself , did you 
No . My friend did 
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here 
No , I'm not sure . But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down.It ' s uncomfortable to sit on it . So I usually put it next to me on the table 
Maybe you lost it before you came here . Or maybe you left it at home 
I don't think it's at home . I think I had it when I left the house.But what should I do 
Well , the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home.Then , if it isn't , you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards . Next , you need to replace whatever you lost , your driver's license , things like that 
Should I call the police 
You can if you want . But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets 
Hmm . I'll go home and check . Maybe you're right . Maybe it's at home 
I'm sorry we couldn't find it , sir 
Thanks for your help 
The hotel is full tonight . we will need to find a new place to stay 
Maybe it's just a blessing in disguise . I've been wanting to try a new place anyway 
How did you do in the last quiz 
I doubt if I can pass it 
Don't be so worried , You know Professor Robert is not too strict 
But I often skip his classes , and he doesn't like me 
I hope you'll do better in the final 
I must , if I want to pass the course 
So Emily , what do you like to do for fun 
I like to go to the movies . What do you do in your free time 
I also like going to the movies 
Well that's great ! It's nice that we have something in common 
I was inquiring about a bill that I never got 
Which credit card was the bill for 
The bill was for my Master Card 
That bill should have been mailed about two weeks ago 
It never came in the mail 
My computer shows that it has already been mailed 
I have not gotten my bill , so what should I do about that 
You should try contacting your post office 
If it is the post office's fault , may I have an extension on my bill 
You'll have to prove it was their error ; then you can get an extension 
Thank you for all your help 
You are very welcome . Have a good day 
Nice to meet you 
Nice to meet you , too 
You are a graduate , right 
I recently graduated from college as an English major 
So you don't have much related work experience 
Admittedly , I don't . But I still beg you to give me an opportunity , and I'm willing to learn with my best effort 
Well , did you get any honors or rewards in college 
I have got a Business English Certificate and a Certificate of TEM 8 
What about your computer skills 
I got professional training in this field , and I believe I can fit the position well 
And anything else 
I have taken some courses in college , such as translation , business English , and so on . So I have a good mastery of both spoken and written English
I see 
Your approval would be my honor 
Tom's dating your sister 
Are you sure 
This is 911 
Send an ambulance fast ! My husband is having a heart attack 
Slow down and tell me your address 
I live on 1177 Oak lane in Smithfield . Oh , hurry , I don't know what to do 
An ambulance is on its way right now . They should be there any minute . Are you close to him right now 
yes , yes , he's right here by me 
Is he breathing 
Yes , he's breathing , but he's not conscious ! Oh , please hurry 
Can I go to my room now 
Yes , the lift is just around the corner.You can go up first , and your luggage will be brought up straight away 
Thank you 
Wow , this is drop-dead gorgeous 
So no more regret now 
Don't remind me of that . This would be the last time I cut any classes for a basketball game 
Come on . Don't be so hard on yourself . Enjoy your life 
I just can't help it . Oh , look at Clive , he is really a big hit . They are definitely gonna win 
It's only seven minutes into the game , too early to cheer up 
Come on , 18 points already , they are never gonna catch up 
Who knows ! It's a long game . Look ! That was a really nice shot 
Thay are coming back to narrow the gap 
Wait , that guy , I know him . He is just a bench warmer 
A secret weapon . They'd better set up the defense now 
Clive is ready to explode . Keep your eyes open 
Oh , man ! I can't believe it . A slam dunk 
Good that he resembled his old , quick self 
Have we handed out all the water 
Yes . So what else to do now 
Nothing . The teacher said the only thing left was to get back all the disposable cups later 
I see . How do you like the game 
Terrific . There is one girl said , It is the best game I've ever watched 
Who do you think do better 
Clive was really outstanding . Not only he put on a big show himself , but also he inspired the whole team 
Exactly . He is unbelievable 
On the other hand , I think the other team won everyone's respect . The leader said they could have crumpled at the beginning , but they just carried on and never lost their cool 
They were really tough 
The thing I like most about them is that they did not play with a heavy heart even though at that time the odds seemed to be against them 
I can't agree more . Okay , time is up . Let's do the last thing 
What should I get Uncle Teddy 
You could get him a tie 
Are you kidding ? That's the stupidest gift one can buy . I don't want to get a tie 
Why not 
Everybody gets men ties for Christmas . It's too boring . Everybody buys either ties or sweaters . I want a more unique gift 
Well , you can buy him a pet iguana then 
That's a cool idea . At least it would be a surprise.But I'm afraid he wouldn't take care of it 
He would think you were crazy , Caroline 
Yes . An iguana is too strange for a gift , and a tie is too normal.So I have to find something halfway between 
How much do you want to spend 
Well , he was very good to me.He helped me edit my essay for the scholarship contest.So I want to spend at least 75 dollars 
Alright , I have an idea.You know he carries that conservative-looking briefcase every day 
Yes 
Well , he isn't a lawyer , so I don't think he needs to have a briefcase like that 
What should he have then 
I think he would appreciate having a very fine leather bag.But more like a workbag or shoulder bag.You know , not so hard and square like a briefcase 
I think that's a great idea . Men look great with that kind of bag.Where can we buy one 
I don't think this mall has a leather goods store.So we have to go to State Street 
Alright . We can go later then 
We can buy something for Mom and Dad here , and then go buy Uncle Teddy's gift on State Street 
Good plan . What should we get for Mom though 
She said she wants one of those automatic foot massagers . I think they sell them at Sears 
Alright . We can go check at Sears and see if they have them.And what about Dad 
How about the iguana 
I think it would be a great joke.But I know we'd have to take the iguana back . And the pet store might not let us.So why don't we get him something else ? Some clothes maybe 
A tie 
Oh , shut up about ties ! Forget about ties , why not 
I was just kidding 
Hi , I was wondering if I could get my test results from the other day 
Yes , I would like to schedule an appointment for you to come in and talk with me 
Is something wrong with me 
No , sometimes the test results aren ’ t clear and we need to do more to get a clearer picture 
Can we talk about it now 
I would if I knew anything for sure , but I want to take a second look 
When can I come and see you 
You can come in this afternoon . If you would feel better , bring your husband with you 
Now I know that something bad is up 
Just relax . We will talk about it this afternoon 
How do you think they could be ended 
I don't think that there is any easy way . The United Nations could send peacekeepers into the country . At least then the warring parties could be forced to negotiate 
So , if the cause is poverty , there should be a program to make the country richer.If the problem is resources , share them 
It sounds easy when you say it like that . In reality , it's harder to make peace between countries 
Yes , it is.One way to stop countries fighting is to cut off their financial support . Wars are very expensive 
What can I do for you 
I would like to have a roll developed 
When do you need them , sir 
How about tomorrow morning 
No problem . Do you want 3 x 5 or 4 x 6 
The 4 x6 will be OK . Thanks 
And do you want the glossy or matted finish 
I prefer glossy . How much 
You pay when you pick them up . I don't need a deposit for just one roll of film 
Thanks 
I am so glad I caught you at home . I need your help 
What's up , Robert 
Cafe au lait , cafe latte , cappuccino , cafe mocha ... I can't keep them all straight 
Slow down . What are you talking about 
It's about a girl . No , an angel ! I'm going to the coffee shop where she works right now 
How do you do ? I ’ m Parker 
How do you do ? Mr . Barker 
Parker 
Oh , Parker with a P 
Yes , with a P 
Er ... I ’ m Barker 
Barker ? With a B . Of course 
Yes , with a B 
Won ’ t you come in , Mr . Barker 
Thank you , Mr . Parker 
What are you typing there 
I'm working on my resume 
Really ? Did you find any information about a new job 
Yeah , I just got some good information off the internet 
Great ! Do you think you have a chance at getting the job 
I didn ’ t just find out about one job . There were several ones that looked good 
Maybe I should try looking on the web for work 
Sure you have to be patient . But I think it ’ s much less trouble to sit in front of a computer than to go door to door or to make a lot of phone calls 
But there must be so many people who also see the advertisement for that job on the net . You might have no chance 
How do you know if you don ’ t have a try 
Can I help you 
I'm looking for someone who works here , but I lost his business card . His name's Long or Sang or something like that 
Chang 
Yeah , that sounds right 
There are about twenty people named Chang who work here . What department 
Let me think ... accounting , finance , something like that 
Eric Chang in accounting 
That's him 
I'll call him and tell him you're here 
I appreciate your help 
Would you like to have a seat over there ? It'll just be a minute . And can I have your name 
Here's my card 
OK . I'll have him come up to get you 
What are my choices for lunch 
We have beef with rice and fish with noodles . Which would you like 
Fish with noodles , please 
Would you care for coffee or tea 
Coffee , please 
Hello . Is everything OK ? Can I help you 
Oh , wonderful ! You speak English ! I need to exchange this foreign currency 
That's no problem . Is it cash 
It's Traveller's Cheques , is that possible 
Of course . If you could sign your name on the bottom line here , and write your address here . And please sign and date the back of every cheque and of course I'll need to see your passport 
Yes , right , certainly . Here you go 
How do you like your work 
The work is rather hard , but it's interesting 
What do you do 
I work in a publishing house . How about you 
Mine isn't hard , but it's not interesting 
What do you do then 
I'm a clerk in a shop 
As an experienced interviewer , could you tell me what kind of behavior the interviewer hates most 
Rudeness . You are not expected to sit down before being invited , and you shouldn ’ t throw yourself into the chair like you ’ re loading heavy baggage 
And we should have good sitting posture 
That ’ s right . The ideal posture for women is to put their legs together and lean to one side . This is especially important in summer 
Where should I put my overcoat and briefcase after entering the office 
Put it beside you . Don ’ t pile your purses , briefcase and other belongings on the employer ’ s desk . You've got long hair . Don ’ t touch it while talking to the interviewer . It gives people the feeling that you cannot concentrate on your work 
I think that ’ s the reason why Princess Diana ’ s hair style became so popular 
Also , if you are asked to sit beside the employer's desk , neither lean on it nor look at the documents there 
I ought to respect other people ’ s privacy , as most Westerners do 
As the saying goes , when in Rome , do as the Romans do 
the bathroom looks lovely . Did you redecorate it yourself or did you get someone in to do it for you 
I did it myself . I went online and found a lot of website devoted to home improvement . Then I went to DIY shop and bought everything I needed . I ’ m sure I saved a lot of money by doing it mys
so , let ’ s see . You have put new tiles on the floor and replaced a few tiles on the walls . You ’ Ve also added a small cupboard for toiletries . The bath , shower and waterbasin are the sam
yes , they are . I gave them a good clean . They are in good condition and don ’ t need to be replaced 
how long did it take you to do the tiling 
as I hadn ’ t done it before , I had to keep referring to information I got from the internet . Doing the floor tiles took a whole day-from early morning to right through to the evening . The
I think you ’ Ve done a very good job . As least as good as a professional would do . Perhaps I can convince you to redo my bathroom 
you ’ ll be lucky ! However , I ’ ll print out the information I got from the internet and you can do it yourself 
Excuse me ! Do you know of any hotel nearby 
Yes.There are the Huangshan Hotel and Anshan Hotel nearby.And you can take a taxi to go there 
OK , I see . Thank you 
You're welcome ! By the way , you'd better booked in the Internet or the telephone next time and then you kow whether there are rooms available or not 
I see , thank you very much 
It's your turn to go first 
I went first last time 
No , Mary went first last time 
Oh , Okay 
Hello.Is this ABC Rent-a-car Company 
Yes , speaking.May I help you 
This morning we rented a car and we are on the way to Niagara Falls . I'm afraid we have a car accident near the border 
That's too bad.What kind of accident is it ? Are you all right 
I'm all right , but my friend is seriously injured.Will you call an ambulance and the police 
OK . I'll do it right away , but tell me how it happened 
I ran into the guardrail when I turned to the left 
Are you doing the football pools , Brian 
Yes , I ’ Ve nearly finished , June . I ’ m sure we will win something this week 
You always say that , but we never win anything ! What will you do if you win a lot of money 
If I win a lot of money , I shall buy you a mink coat 
I don ’ t want a mink coat ! I want to see the world 
All right . If we win a lot of money , we shall travel around the world and we shall stay at the best hotels . Then we will return home and buy a big house in the country . We will have a beautiful
But if we spend all that money we shall be poor again . What will we do then 
If we spend all the money , we will try and win the football pools again 
It ’ s a pleasant dream , but everything depends on if 
May , could you bring this note to Professor Li for me today 
Sure , no problem . Asking for leave again ? You have been absent from class five times this semester 
I know . But attending Miss Li's class is just waste of time . No more than one third of her students will go to her class 
I agree that Miss Li doesn't teach so well . Most students either sleep or do other things in her class 
Yeah , my boyfriend plays the video game every time in class with me . Or I chat with my friends through text messages 
Fortunately her class is just an elective course , not as important as compulsory courses 
Right , so we must spare some time to attend selective courses 
But isn't it too impolite to be absent 
What can I do ? I have things to do in Students ' Government 
Oh , I thought you just gave an excuse on this note 
Sometimes I will try various excuses . But this is my last time asking for leave . Or I will have a bad record 
Yeah , besides , your credit will be deducted . That is kind of serious 
I have been absented from many classes this semester just because of my work in the Students ' Government 
You can't write with one hand and draw with the other 
I am thinking about quitting my job in the student government . But before that , I must do my job . Bye . Don't forget about that note 
You can count on me 
Hello , is Jack there 
Speaking 
Jack ! It ’ s Rose here 
Hi , Rose . How ’ s everything 
Fine , thanks . I ’ m having several friends over for dinner this Saturday . And I was wondering if you have the time to join us 
Sounds good . What time do you want me to come 
Is six o ’ clock okay 
It seems to me that you fall for good-looking guys 
Yeah 
Why don't you date up a handsome guy and spend time together 
I have found myself a date mate 
You must have a lot in common and a barrel of fun 
A barrel of fun , of course . He often says that I'm a date bait 
Mr.Chen , do you mind if I smoke 
I'm sorry , Mrs . Lin . We don't allow smoking in the office 
You don't look well at all . Are you sick 
Yes , I don't feel well today 
How long have you been feeling like this 
Since the day before yesterday 
How did you feel at the very beginning 
It began with a shiver then I perspired a great deal 
I see . You've caught a bad cold . I'll give you a prescription 
Thank you . Doctor 
How do you spend your spare time ? Are you interested in sports 
I have many hobbies , I like almost all kinds of sports and I also like to listen to pop songs 
Do you think you are introverted or extroverted 
I think I am extroverted 
What can I do to help you 
I have some extra help with my project . What would you prefer to help me with , typing or xeroxing 
I could do some typing for you 
That is very kind of you to offer to do that . Can you start with the pages on the table 
Sure I will get to do that right now 
I like your positive attitude . How many years have you been employed here 
I have worked here long time 
We have a really interesting project coming up . Would you want to join us on it 
I'm not sure . Let me think about it 
OK . I will mention how great you were about helping me today . I appreciate your help 
Well , I'm afraid I must be going now . I have no idea it was so late 
Stay for dinner with us 
I'm afraid I can't . I have a dinner party at seven tonight . You see , I am going to England the day after tomorrow 
Well , I won't keep you then . It was very nice of you to come to see me 
It has been a pleasure . Goodbye 
Goodbye . Thank you again for coming 
Are there any interesting stories in the newspaper today 
There are a few stories about natural disasters . There is a massive forest fire in Australia . It covers several square kilometers of land has destroyed many more square kilometers 
Was it caused accidentally or naturally ? Sometimes it gets so hot that fires begin naturally in Australia and Africa 
Nobody knows at the moment , but it has been very hot there recently . The drought in Africa is causing starvation . Millions of people have migrated to try and find food 
What is the international community doing to help 
The European union has sent several plants with relief supplies . Several countries have sent soldiers to distribute food and medical supplies . Refugee camps have been set up across the region 
How many countries have been affected 
Six have been seriously affected , but the refugees are also migrating to several surrounding countries 
I saw on the tv yesterday that there has been another earthquake in iran 
Yes . There have been a few there recently . They say that this one was not a big quake . The Iranians are dealing with it on their own . They have purchased some special equipment to find people buried u
Does the newspaper say anything about casualties 
So far , less than 20 people have died , but over 100 are in hospital 
Are you being served , madam 
No . Um , do you carry any padded coat 
Yes , what size is in your mind 
Small size 
Any particular brand 
Whatever . You know , I ’ m thinking of a gift for my mother . It ’ s her 60 birthday next Friday . Could you give me some advice ? You are the expert 
How about this one ? It ’ s the latest design , simple but elegant 
Looks nice . How much do you charge 
$ 100 
That ’ s sheer robbery . I ’ m sure you can do better than that 
How much would you say 
$ 80 
Well , I am a regular member of this club 
Do you have to pay to join 
Yes , membership fees vary depending on the club but usually they run into tens of thousands of dollars 
Wow , that much ? Don't they have any public courses 
Very few , unfortunately 
How was your game today 
Extremely good . I shot a 78 , including 5 birdies 
Congratulations ! What's your normal handicap 
Ten . How did your game go 
My drives were terrible today . I kept slicing the ball into the roughs and sand traps 
Maybe you can correct it by going to a driving range before you play again 
What do you do in your spare time 
I listen to music and read 
What kind of music do you like 
I think I like classical music better 
Actually me , too 
I like NBA very much 
Did you watch NBA games before you came to the U . S . 
No , I didn't 
What a pity 
Do you like NBA 
Yes , of course 
Who do you like best of the NBA players 
Kobe 
So do I 
Let's go to watch an NBA game tonight , shall we 
That's fine 
Look ! It fits you perfectly . It looks great on you and has your name on it 
Really ? What about your opinion , Daniel 
Did you hear something 
Oh , it is my cell phone ringing . I set it in the vibration mode 
It is a good habit to set your cell phone to vibrate . It is very annoying to hear the loud and sudden ring tone in quiet offices 
You are right . Some ring tone is just terribly loud . You can hear it even in the next door . It is really a kind of distraction 
Maybe we can write a report to the boss to see what can be done 
Good idea 
Would you mind answering a few personal questions 
Of course not 
OK . Does your present employer know that you are going to leave 
Yes . I gave her my resignation a few days ago 
Will she let you leave your present job 
Yes , I think she will 
Why do you want to leave your present job 
Well , there are several reasons . I don't think my present job is suitable for me . That's the first reason . Secondly , your company has a good reputation . I think it can offer me more challenging opportunities . Last , frankly speaking , I wish to get higher pay 
I appreciate you frankness . Do you know anything about our company 
Yes . It's a Korea company and it was built in Beijing five years ago 
Good afternoon , is there a vacant room here 
We are practically full up , but I will see . What do you want , a single room or a double one 
A single room , preferably with a bath 
How long do you plan to stay 
For a week or so 
You can have a room on the second floor 
I hope it's quiet . I hate noise at night 
I think you will find it quiet . It faces the courtyard 
What is the rate , please 
The current rate is 50 dollars per night 
What services come with that 
A radio , a color television , a telephone and a major international newspaper delivered to your room everyday 
That sounds good . Well , do you give discount for a week or more 
Yes , we give 5 % discount for one week , 10 % for two weeks and more 
All right . I will take a room for a week 
Will you fill out this form , please ? The bellboy will show you up to your room . Your luggage will be brought right up 
Can I get dinner here 
We do serve dinner 
I see 
Waiter , bring me the menu , will you 
Just a moment , I'm coming . ( ten minutes later ) . Now , what would you like 
I'd like to see the menu . Would you get me one , please 
Yes , certainly . Here you are 
Thank you . Ah ! But this is in French . Would you mind giving me the English menu 
It's written in English too , in smaller print . There 
Thanks . I'll need a while to choose . Could you come back in a minute 
Right . ( five minutes later ) Now , what are you having 
I'm sorry , I haven't decided yet . Do you mind giving me a couple of minutes 
All right , but would you be so kind as to make up your mind soon ? We're very busy just now as you can see , sir 
We are willing to participate in the bid which you advertised in China Daily . Would you please tell me the detail of the tender conditions 
You will receive the tender notice next month and you'll find the information 
OK ! Our company is very interested in the tender . I am sure that we will do our best to win the bidding in building the factory 
I believe your corporation will try your best and I understand fully your feeling , if your tender conditions proved be suitable for our general conditions of tender , we will accept your submission of tender 
Maybe I have asking too many questions today 
That's all right . You can contact me later if you have other questions after you read the tender notice 
Fine , thanks a lot . Bye 
Bye 
Can we talk 
What about 
I ’ m not too clear on some things about my lease 
Is there a problem 
How many years is my lease for 
In three years your lease will be up 
Can I move out before those three years 
If you do , I will keep your deductible 
Why would you keep it 
I would keep it because you would be breaking our contract 
I get it now 
I hope that I cleared things up for you 
Good morning , sir . Is there anything I can do for you 
Yes , I would like to have a suit made to measure 
Sure . How do you like your suit 
I want a single breasted suit . Here is the cloth 
Pasadena Traffic School . How can I help you 
I would like to sign up for some classes 
What classes did you want to sign up for 
I need to take a driver's course 
You'll have to make an appointment 
What do I need to make an appointment for 
You need an appointment so you can sign the papers 
All right , can I make an appointment right now 
When are you available 
Can I make it for tomorrow at 9
I can schedule you for that day and time 
Thanks a lot . I'll be there tomorrow 
Good morning , how are you doing today 
I have been feeling pretty good , Dr . Smith 
So , I can see by your chart that you are here for your annual physical 
Yes , I am playing on the tennis team this year , and they are requiring me to get a physical exam 
We are basically going to check your heart , lungs , blood sugar levels , and eyes , ears , and nose 
I ’ Ve being kind of been having problems being out of breath . Can you look at that 
Yes , I will check you for asthma , and maybe we can check you for allergies later 
Thank you . What will the blood test tell you 
We will be checking for blood sugar , cholesterol , and white blood cell count 
I have been working hard to stay healthy . I hope the tests turn out well 
Hello , do you know anywhere that sells cheap cashmere sweaters 
Outlets have cheap cashmere sweaters 
What a splendid idea 
Outlets usually give you great deals 
Thanks for helping me 
You're welcome 
So Jen , what did you think of William ? Did you guys have a nice time on your first date 
Oh yeah , it was great ! He took me to an Italian restaurant and we had an amazing conversation . I told him about how many kids I want , and how my parents will be so excited to meet him 
You said all that on the first date ? Alright ... Well are you two going out again 
Yeah ! I called him after I got home to arrange our next date , but unfortunately his grandma is sick so he has been busy every night visiting her in the hospital 
more and more Chinese are marrying foreigners 
that's true . But I have a low opinion of those women who go out with foreigners 
oh , why 
I think some Chinese wone marry foreigners for money while others just want to live abroad . There is no true love between them 
I wouldn't say that's totally true . I've met many happy intercultural couples 
well , then why aren't there many East-West couples where the man is a Chinese and the woman is a Westerner 
I guess it's because the Chinese women are more attractive to Western men 
or because they are less attractive to to Chinese men 
what do you mean 
you know , usually the woman is in her thirties and she is a left girl 
a left girl ? What's that 
they're called that because they're left behind on the shelf . They're also known by their three H's---high diploma , high salary , and high degree . and they're also known as the three S's — single 
you have a point here , but I believe some mixed marriages are based on true love 
that ' for sure but very few 
Good morning , sir , can I help you 
Yes , I was wondering if you had the time to show me around this exhibition 
I'd be glad to , sir . But may I ask what line of business you are in 
I'm in the electrical appliances 
I see . Would you be interested in seeing the audio-visual products ? They are made by our company 
Thanks , they are rather attractive . But I think there is nothing better than seeing things In actual operation 
Yes , of course . Would you like to make an inspection tour of some factories 
Yes , very much , if it wouldn't add inconvenience to you . First hand information is always more valuable than reading pamphlets 
I'll make the arrangement and let you know the time tomorrow 
That would be great 
Could you change this note for me , please 
Yes . How would you like it 
Eight tens , six ones and large silver for others 
OK , here you are 
Thanks 
It's OK 
I wish the teacher wouldn't make us read this book 
Yeah . It's boring . I'd rather read something more exciting 
David , I heard you lost your job 
Yeah , you remember that assignment I wanted ? When I heard the manager had given it to someone else , I blew my top . So the manager fired me 
Well , that'll teach you to control your temper 
I feel terrible sick , miss . I wonder if I could change my seat to the front part 
Please wait a moment .. I am sorry right now there is no vacant seat . I have to ask 
Thank you 
By the way , hold your bag in case you vomit 
What a mess 
Sorry . I'll clean it up 
Hi Jane , you look great 
You too . Have you lost some weight 
Yes , I took off 4 kilos . I am glad you notice it 
Not some crazy diet fat I hope 
No no , I just changed my eating habits . I eat a balance meal . and I eat less than before 
Good for you , keep it up 
Besides , yours don't have side pockets like mine 
Cool ! They're big ! What have you got in there 
Just the necessities
Are you planning a trip to the Outback 
No , but you never know when you'll need a flashlight 
Well , my pants are very slimming . They're capris 
Are you going to helen ’ s birthday party on Friday evening 
I wouldn ’ t miss it for the world ! It ’ s sure to be fun . She ’ s invited a lot of people . Do you think everyone will be able to get into her house 
If everyone turned up , it would be a squeeze . But a few people said that they couldn ’ t go . So I think it should be OK 
Are you taking anything 
I ’ Ve got her a birthday present and I ’ ll take a bottle fo wine too 
That ’ s a good idea . She told me that she had bought plenty of food and snacks . I think it ’ s going to be a noisy party . I hope her neighbors don ’ t mind too much 
Helen gets on very well with her neighbors . I wouldn ’ t be surprised if they went to the party too 
I ’ m really looking forward to it . This party is going to be a blast 
Well , don ’ t be late . I ’ ll see you on Friday at helen ’ s 
Hello . Can I talk to Miss Li , please 
I beg you pardon ? Miss who 
Miss Li . Li Lin 
I'm sorry , but I don't know that name . You must have the wrong number 
Come on . I know Li Lin is there . Let me talk to her 
Sorry . There's no one named Li Lin here . Are you sure you have the right name 
Sure 
What number are you trying to dial 
It's 423-6681 . Isn't it right 
No . It isn't . It's 423-6631 
I'm sorry to have bothered you 
No problem 
We're sorry , but we cannot allow your claim 
Why not 
The material was not damaged by us 
We'll have to talk this over some more 
Hello . I bought a China dress in your shop this morning 
Yes 
I bought it one size up by mistake 
Oh , did you 
I wonder if you can change it to one size down 
Yes , of course.Will you come with the receipt 
Then I'll come to your place later in the evening , and how late is your shop open 
Until 8 o'clock , ma'am . We are looking forward to seeing you 
Mike's Mechanics . Can I help you 
Yes , how do I get to your shop from Chilin 
Go straight up Zhongshan Road and you will see our sign on your right , after you pass the museum 
Thank you very much 
Did I do well on my driving test 
You did a wonderful job 
So , I passed 
Yes , you passed 
Did I mess up on anything 
You did mess up on something 
What was that 
Your parallel parking isn't all that great 
Yeah , that's pretty hard for me 
You just need a little more practice 
I know , but I still get my license , right 
You got it 
Do you like this dress , madam 
I like the colour very much . It's a lovely dress , but it's too small for me 
What about this one ? It's a lovely dress . It's very smart . Short skirts are in fashion now . Would you like to try it 
All right . I'm afraid this green dress is too small for me as well . It's smaller than the blue one . I don't like the colour either . It doesn't suit me at all . I think the blue dress is prettier . Co
I'm afraid I haven't got a larger dress . This is the largest dress in the shop 
You look so tan and healthy 
Thanks . I just got back from summer camp 
How was it 
Great . I got to try so many things for the first time 
Like what 
I went sailing , fishing , and horseback riding 
I ’ m so jealous 
The counselors were so nice too . It was the best summer ever . Except for all those mosquitoes 
Can I help you , sir 
Yes , I want to book a plane ticket from Beijing to Shanghai 
OK . Which day do you want to book 
The day after tomorrow 
Which flight do you want 
I'd prefer a morning flight 
What about Flight 516 
Book it for me , please . How much should I pay 
1 500 yuan . How will you pay for this , sir 
Credit card 
OK . Here's your ticket 
Thank you 
Cindy , how come nearly all the prime-time TV shows are comedies 
That's because Americans love sitcoms 
Sitcoms 
Situation comedies . A sitcom is half an hour long and it airs weekly . Sitcom shows tend to be about ordinary people . If there is one thing that all the shows have in common , it is teaching wholesome values 
In Taiwan , prime-time shows are an hour long and most of them aren't comedies 
I think Americans would rather laugh than cry or be scared in their free time 
Welcome to Lincoln Bank . How may we be of service 
Hi . We'd like to open a Foreign Currency Account , please 
OK , do you have the relevant materials 
Yes , yes , we do . Right here 
Right . You have a choice of account , we provide USD , HAD , JOY and GAP accounts . Which do you want to go for 
We will go for the US dollar account 
OK , I'll begin the opening procedure now and we'll let you know when everything is sorted 
Herman , why are you so excited 
I have met a beautiful girl 
Have you fallen in love 
Yes . At first sight 
Can you describe the situation at that time 
At that time her back was ramrod straight as she sailed by , her tone is best , neither over-passionate , nor too cold 
What's her outlook 
She was pretty , her hair was the color of rich dark chocolate , waving gently to her shoulders . Her complexion was clear and golden 
My friend Jane is very beautiful 
What's her figure 
Perfect . And I like her charming eyes , too 
What's the color of her eyes 
Dark blue 
how old is she 
Twenty 
I've come to say good-bye 
When are you off 
I'm flying home on Sunday afternoon 
Well , good-bye . See you soon 
Please don't forget to say good-bye to the rest of the family for me 
Roger ? I need figures for accounting . Have finished the calculations 
I ’ m just finishing now , ma ’ am . I ’ ll have them ready within the hour 
All right , thanks 
You ’ re welcome , ma ’ am . I ’ ll call you when they ’ re ready 
What is your major 
My major is Business Administration , I am especially interested in Marketing 
Which university are you attending 
I attended Suzhou University 
Have you received any degrees 
Yes . I received my Bachelor degree in Business Administration 
What course did you like best 
Project Management . I was very interested in this course when I was a student . And I think it's very useful for my present work 
Do you feel that you have received a good general training 
Yes , I have studied in an English training program and a computer training program since I graduated from university . I am currently studying Finance at a training school 
English and computer skills are comparatively important to this post , especially in the starting period . Wharfs your ability in these two fields 
I passed college English Test Band - 4 , with good skill in listening , speaking , reading and writing . I haven't got any certificate of computer skills , because I don ’ t think certificates are necessary if what's needed is merely operating a computer . I think , to know how to use a computer is more important . And I'm quite familiar with Microsoft Office
Waiter , can I have the bill please 
Wait a moment . It's $ 30 
We'd prefer separate checks 
OK , one with the apple pie pays $ 18 and the other $ 12 
Hello , ABC Company . Can I help you 
Yes , of course . I am calling to apply for a job as an accountant 
Can you name some courses you completed 
Sure . The main courses I took included commercial accounting , cost accounting , industrial accounting , electronic accounting , and so on 
Do you have wool socks 
Yes . We have socks made of various materials . These socks are of imported wool 
Can you guarantee the quality 
Yes , absolutely 
Where are the panty-hose 
Here . We have black , white and transparent panty-hose here 
Hi , Mary , I didn't see you at work this morning . Are you all right 
Oh , I feel miserable . I've got a bad cold , My head is dizzy and my nose is running 
Oh , I'm so sorry to hear that . Have you seen a doctor or taken any medicines 
As a matter of fact I have , The doctor said it'll go away after a day or two.He ' s prescribed me some tablets 
Are you feeling better 
Yes , it helps me but I just have to wait and let my system do the work 
Do you need anything , grocery 
Oh , no , I'm fine.My refrigerator is piled up with food.But if it's not too much trouble for you . I'd like something to read 
Sure , I'll get it for you.Books or magazines 
I'd like both 
This blouse is a special offer today . You can have it at 10 % off the regular price 
It's nice , but still too expensive . Can you give me a 20 % discount 
No . 10 % is my last word 
Come on . Let's split the difference , 15 % 
I am starving 
Let's go get something to eat 
Is there somewhere you wanted to go eat at 
We can always go to the cafeteria and eat 
I haven't eaten there before 
The food there is pretty good 
What kind of food do they serve 
You can get whatever you want at the cafeteria 
I have a taste for Chinese food 
They have really good chow mein 
Okay , let's go to the cafeteria 
It'll be fine 
Do you know Sally 
Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains 
Why is she still single ? She must have a face that would stop clock 
Oh , quite the other way round . She is a knock-out . She devotes much of her time to her career 
Can I talk to you for a moment , manager 
Yes , of course . What is it 
I've decided to leave 
Leave ? Why 
I've worked here for two years . And I want to do something different 
What do you mean by something different 
I want to live abroad and learn to speak a different language 
I'm really sorry . But I understand 
Thank you , manager 
That is what we are pursuing 
We look forward to a further extension of our pleasant business relations 
A meeting will be arranged to negotiate the relevant stuff 
That will be good 
The Mountains would be a great place for the company retreat 
That's a wonderful choice 
I have chosen January as the month for this retreat 
January is a little too close to the Christmas holidays 
Yes , maybe another choice might be better 
I think that April would work . Spring is a lovely time to be in the mountains 
Thank you for thinking of that 
Maybe if we asked around we could see what people would prefer 
That is a good idea 
I'll take care of taking the survey and get back to you with the answers 
I love slim girls , don ’ t you 
Not particularly . I like fat girls 
And I like a girl with good skin , do you 
I can ’ t say I do . What I like a girl with good manners 
Well , yes . But surely you like a girl with a nice figure 
Yes . But I like a girl with a nice personality 
But you like a girl to be rich , surely 
Not particularly . I like a girl to be good 
Can I collect unemployment benefits 
Are you still working 
My employer cut back on my hours 
If you got laid off or are working a lot fewer hours , you may qualify 
Do I definitely get to collect unemployment 
Not all jobs pay into unemployment insurance , so their employees cannot collect benefits 
How do I check out my status to collect unemployment 
You should have noticed unemployment insurance being deducted from your paycheck . Check your pay stubs 
How much will my unemployment check be 
The more money you made , the more you will earn on unemployment . They have a formula 
Good day . Is this the Business Centre 
It is . What can I do for you 
I want to make a deposit 
Would that be a Fixed Deposit or a Current Deposit 
A Current Deposit , please 
We have various different types of Current Deposit , the Variable Term Deposit , a Notice Deposit and the Usual Current Deposit . Which would you like 
Arm ... just the usual , Current Deposit please 
OK , just a moment . I'll find the relevant data and help you with that 
Tom , is Jenny crying 
Can you take he away from me 
I ’ m just coming for that 
She kept on bothering me 
She ’ s your sister.What she asked was only duck soup for you.Why can ’ t you be good to her 
But I am her brother , not her servant 
How's work 
The same as usual 
Who's that old lady trimming the trees 
She's my grandma 
She's looks very healthy.How old is she 
92 
John got a heart attack last night 
Oh really ? Is he all right 
Not so good , though his nephew took him to hospital in time 
Poor old John ! I am ever so sorry 
I guess you should know that you need to be hospitalized 
Of course I know 
Now you can go to the in-patient department to go through the admission procedures 
OK . I'll go right now . By the way , do you think I ’ ll have to stay in the hospital for long 
It's hard to say . It depends on your recovery condition . But you need to stay for at least one day for observation 
Thank you , Doctor . I will go now . Bye-bye 
Bye 
Hi , the lab said that you would be getting my test results in today 
I like you to come in and discuss some further tests that I would like to run 
I think that this is a bad sign 
For now , I would like to run a few more tests to look into some of the problems that you mentioned 
Why wouldn ’ t you tell me over the phone 
If there is any question about test results , we always do a recheck 
I need to come in right away 
I would be happy to see you this afternoon . If you are feeling upset , please bring a friend or relative along 
You are scaring me 
Come on in this afternoon and we will talk . It will be fine 
This man looks very handsome.Is he married 
Sure.He has already married , a father of two boys 
Oh , I can't believe it.He looks very young 
He took the picture when he was only 21 years old 
I see 
Does anyone mind me turning on the air conditioning ? It's hot in here 
Actually , I prefer if you didn't . Air conditioning makes me sneeze 
All right . I'm opening the window , though , is that OK 
Oh , sure . It's very stuffy in here 
Is it possible that I have a business trip abroad and work in American once in a while 
Yes . We are a foreign-invested company and there are many chances to go abroad 
Is there any training program for the employees to make a further study 
Sure . We attach great importance to the all-round development of the staff , and the development of individuals will motivate them to work more diligently and efficiently 
It's very cold tonight 
Can I get you another blanket 
0h , that would be nice of you 
I'll turn the heat up 
Yes , please do that 
Won't you have some of this 
Yes , thanks 
It's my grandmother's favorite recipe for barbecue 
It's very good . How do you make it 
I use a special dressing and homemade catsup 
This salad looks so nice-just right for a hot day 
I'm glad you like it 
You Americans usually have nutritious food 
Oh , but Chinese food is so delicious . I wish I knew how to cook Chinese food . Do you follow recipes 
We use different spices but few people use recipes . They learn to cook by experience 
I always use a recipe but my grandmother never did . She was a great cook . She would make clam chowder and cornbread every Sunday night 
That is the most beautiful sunset 
Let's stop the car and enjoy it for a minute 
Here is a good place . Let's get out 
Wow . We don't get to see this in the city 
Mother Nature is quite an artist 
Look behind us at the mountains ! They're reflecting pink 
Amazing . The sun is almost gone and yet there is still color everywhere 
Where is our camera ? Let's see if we can catch this on film 
What's up ? You sound a little down in dumps 
I quarreled with my roommate last night . He is really stubborn 
Calm down ! Shouting won ’ t help 
He is really outrageous 
What happened 
I went back home last night . You know tired as a dog , so I took a quick shower and went to bed . I couldn't fall asleep , because Brian was there in the living room , playing his stupid stereo so loud . I kindly told him to turn that down a little bit . He shouted at me 
What ? He can't do this to you 
Well , he did it anyway . Then he came into my room and shot all his shit blah blah blah ... you know 
What did you do 
I shouted it back of course 
Hold it , Mike . You won't accomplish anything by hollering at him , right ? You worked it all up till now . Why not wait until you cool down a bit 
What would you do if you were in my shoes 
Just stay cool . You know . When you get back home tonight , tell him that you didn't mean to quarrel with him 
No way , Kate . I mean it's just not my fault 
I know . It wouldn't hurt much to say sorry first . And after that , you can casually mention the problem . I am sure he will cooperate 
I am too angry to do that 
There's a question I'm not sure whether it is suitable to ask 
You know that I have no secrets toward you 
When you go dinner with John , who foots the bill 
Why asking that ? It's often the sort of Dutch treat 
Good morning , can I have your ticket , please 
Here you are 
Thank you . Would you like a window or an aisle seat 
An aisle seat , please 
Who ’ s that 
It ’ me . Susan Taylor
Oh , please come in . nice to see you 
On , what ’ re you doing ? You look as busy as a bee 
Yeah , I ’ m trying to decorate my house 
Really , that ’ s cool . Let me see what you ’ Ve done 
But actually it ’ s not done yet . I ’ m going to get a special pendent lamp 
That ’ s all right . Let me see , oh , that lace looks so unique , and it ’ s so creative to make a picture display here . How did you get that idea 
It ’ s just a simple decorating . I just want to add my personality to my living space 
Hello , james . Come in . go through to the living room 
Hi Kate ... thanks ... wow ! Look at all the furniture . You must spent a fortune on it ! I love your new three-pieces suite 
I told you that I had been saving up money to buy some new furniture and do some redecorating . I finally saved enough and did everything at once 
Good for you ! You ’ Ve got new curtains too . That ’ s a very nice shade of blue . This sofa is very comfortable . I could sit on it all day 
Do you like my carpet ? Be honest ! Tell me what you really think 
To be honest , it looks like your old carpet . Is it really new or did you just have your old cleaned 
Well spotted ! I actually had it cleaned twice , because it was so dirty . The rug is new . You remember my trip to china ? Well , I bought is there 
Do you think this blouse really suits me 
Sure.It ' s just right 
Not too tight in the waist 
No ! It's a perfect fit 
Hi , Maggy , Did you hear about David 
About David , No , I didn ’ t hear anything 
You know , about David and new boss 
Sorry , I don ’ t quite follow you 
Well , I hear David have been fired 
Oh , that is a shame . He is really hard working 
Does your chicken taste all right 
The chicken tastes wonderful , but it is kind of dry . Is your fish OK 
My fish has good seasoning but is a little dry 
It seems as if they got busy and left it sitting before it got to us 
Yes , maybe they are short-handed in the kitchen tonight 
Are your vegetables a little mushy 
The vegetables seem to not be very fresh 
Mine aren't so good , either 
I usually enjoy the meals here , so I think that we should tell the waiter that there is something wrong with this meal 
I think that we should let someone know . They will probably want to fix the problem 
When can I have your firm C . I . F . prices , that is to say , the final offer , Mr . London 
We ’ ll have them worked out by this evening and let you have them tomorrow morning . Would you be free to come by then 
Yes . I ’ ll be here tomorrow morning at 10 
Perfect . Our offer remains open for 3 days 
I don ’ t need that long to make up my mind . If your prices are agreeable and if I can get the commission I want , I can place the order right away 
I ’ m sure you ’ ll find our price most favorable . Elsewhere prices for hardware have gone up tremendously in recent years . Our prices haven ’ t changed much 
I ’ m glad to hear that . As I ’ Ve just said , I hope to conclude some substantial business with you 
We shall be very pleased . Is there anything else I can do for you , Mrs . Anderson 
I ’ m buying for chain department stores in Canada . They are also interested in Egyptian carpets . Could you introduce me to the person in charge of this line 
Certainly , I ’ ll make an appointment for you with Mr . Jordan of the Egypt National Native Produce and Animal By-products Import and Export Corporation 
Thank you very much 
Is the lake very polluted 
Well , I wouldn't swim in it - but the water is much cleaner than it was a few years ago 
Are local factories allowed to discharge waste water into the lake 
Yes , but it must be treated in an effluent treatment plant first 
Hi , Steven , take a seat ! How are things at work 
It's coming along well , but it is a little delayed 
Can you finish it on time 
I'm pressed for time and I am afraid I need someone to help me 
OK , I will send Beker to help you . We need to get the brochures done and sent them to our clients on Friday without delay 
OK , we promise to do it well 
Do you have any certificates on computer 
Yes . I have ACRE ( National Computer Rank Examination ) certificate , Rank II 
How did you get it 
I failed in my computer course once and I made up my mind to learn it well . Then I made painstaking preparation for 3 months and I finally got it 
Good morning . What seems to be the problem 
Good morning , doctor . I feel terrible . I ’ Ve god a cold and I have a rash here on my neck . I ’ m not sleeping well either . What do you think the problem could be 
I ’ d say you ’ Ve been working too hard or are under stress for some reason . Have you been taking anything for your cold 
Yes , I bought some medicine at the chemist ’ s . I ’ Ve been taking it for three days 
Good . I ’ m going to prescribe something stronger . It will make you feel drowsy , so you certainly should rest 
OK . I can afford to take a few days off work 
Have you been working hard recently 
Yes , I have . I had to get a project finished . It ’ s done now , so I can relax a little 
Good . Let ’ s take a look at that rash ... it looks worse than it is . I ’ m going to prescribe some ointment for it . If the rash doesn ’ t clear up in a few days , come back and see me . Do you have any other symptoms 
I have a bad headache , but ..
Don ’ t worry about that . It ’ s probably of the stress you ’ Ve been under . Just take some aspirin . Combined with the stronger cough medicine , it will make you feel very tired . You shouldn ’ t work or use any equipment which requires concentration . If I were you , I ’ d just sleep , read a book , or watch TV . Here is your prescription 
Thanks doctor . I ’ ll get these immediately . Goodbye 
How much is the rent 
The rent is $ 1500 per month 
And how much is the deposit 
The deposit is $ 500 
Excuse me , can you do me a favor 
Sure 
Where's the busiest street of this city ? I am a stranger here 
You mean the seventy seventh ? It's not far from here . You can walk there 
Well , we are so tired today . Can you tell me which bus I should take 
Bus No . 12 
Thank you so much 
You would be using mainly English in this job . Do you think you could manage 
Yes , I am sure I can 
Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English 
Yes , I think I am quite proficient in both written and spoken English 
Do you think you can make yourself understood in English with ease 
Yes , I think I can in ordinary circumstances 
Do you think you can speak English quite fluently ? Tell me about your English education 
Yes , I think I speak English quite fluently . I got a high score on TOEFL . I majored in English in college 
What a wonderful game 
Yes , the weather is wonderful , the game is wonderful and the players are wonderful 
I think John is the best player on the field 
He certainly is . He is the Peckham in our collage 
Maybe he shouldn ’ t come to collage , he should become a football star 
I need help . I think my arm is broken 
Alright . Have you been to this hospital before 
No , I haven't . I need help quick . It hurts really badly 
I understand . It's good you came to the emergency room 
Let me see a doctor 
I'm sorry , sir . You will need to wait at least a short time.We are very busy tonight . There was a big car accident on Highway 106 
I thought this was the emergency room 
It is . But unless you are critically injured , you still need to wait.You aren't bleeding , are you 
No . Only a little . I fell off my porch 
Oh , that's terrible . Is it your right arm or your left arm 
My left arm 
Can you fill out this form then 
No , I can't . I'm left-handed 
That's very inconvenient for you then.You ' ll probably have a cast on your left arm 
Yes . But why do I have to fill out a form anyway ? This is the emergency room 
Yes , it is . But even in emergency rooms there is some paperwork to be done.Have you ever been in an emergency room before 
No . Just let me see a doctor . I'm worried about my arm 
Be brave , sir . It won't be long . I will fill out the form for you . What is your name 
Steve Schliessman . S C H L I E S S M A N 
Alright Steve . Your social security number 
349-95- 8821 
Do you have medical insurance 
Yes , I do . Blue Cross 
Do you have your insurance card with you 
No , I don't 
Well , you can call it in later . You can phone us 
Can I sit down now 
First I need to get your address . Try to move your arm as little as possible 
Hi ! Tom . Want to go to play bowling tonight 
Sounds good . When and where shall we meet 
Let me see . How about 6:30 at the gate of the club 
Fine , see you then 
Good morning , Miss 
Good morning . Could you tell me where I can find the Clothing Department 
On the left of the elevator of the 3rd floor 
I ’ d like to buy a woolen vest for my grandpa 
I ’ m sure you can find your favorite there 
Thank you very much 
It ’ s my honor 
Uh ... that's Greek to me 
That means they have tapered legs 
Well , mine are baggy . They're the kind of pants you can lounge around in 
Mine are , too 
So maybe we shouldn't go out after all 
Yeah . Let's just lounge around 
Hello , madam . How do you like your staying here 
Quite good . Excuse me , are there any places of interest 
Yes , there are so many near our hoteI.Three blocks away from here , there is temple . It's famous for its building and paintings.lt ' s worth visiting 
Thank you . I think today we will go there 
I really enjoyed that film ! What about you 
So did I . At first , I thought it was going to be boring , but then it turned to be good 
What part of the film do you like best 
Well , the scene of the hero's struggle with enemies impressed me the most 
I loved it , too . To tell you the truth , I even dropped tears 
Actually , tears also came to my eyes 
It has got this year's Oscar Award 
It deserves it . The film gave us a lot of inspiration 
John has some trouble in his life 
I hear that his father died 
Yeah . He ’ s been having an easy time since he was a boy , and now he doesn ’ t know how to face the music 
He is out of luck 
How are your parents these days 
Oh , they're fine , still very active and enjoying their retirement 
Oh , good . That's nice to hear . Please give my best regards to them when you're home 
Sure , thank you 
I'm so hungry ! Can you buy me a burrito 
I don't have any money to buy you a burrito 
Please ? I haven't eaten anything all day 
Look , I only have money to buy myself a burrito 
I'm so hungry , I could eat a whole cow 
If you're so hungry , why don't you ask someone else for money 
I get paid on Friday , I'll pay you back then 
Well , I guess on Friday , then you can eat 
That's pretty messed up 
Why don't you just go home and eat 
I don't want to go all the way home just to eat 
Well , I guess you're out of luck 
May , look , what's that in the cage 
Don't you know that ? It's panda 
Of course I know . I just can't see it very well 
OK , then put on your glasses , and do you know what does the panda eat 
Of course , Bamboo 
That's right 
I also know they are given to other countries as gifts for friendship 
You sound quite knowledgeable 
Not really , panda is my favorite animal 
Actually , it likes milk too 
Any way , in a word , panda is our friend 
Do you know other famous animals in the world 
Yeah , let me think , the kangaroo and koala bear from Australia are very famous 
That's right . OK , let's move on 
May I see your passport please 
Here is my passport . And this is the declaration form 
What is the purpose of your visit to the United States 
Business . I have a trade convention I'm attending in Chicago 
This visa is good for two weeks . Do you intend to stay longer than that 
No . I will fly back twelve days from now 
And you will do some traveling while you are here 
Yes , I want to spend a couple days in New York . I have friends there I will visit 
What do you have in the bag , Mr . Lee 
Just my cameras , my clothes , and some books 
You're not carrying any food with you today 
No 
Okay , Mr . Lee . This is just a routine check . Would you mind opening the bag for me 
Alright 
OK , Mr . Wu . You may come in . I'm Anne Smith and on my right , my colleague , Anna Duncan , and on my left , Angela Lamb . Do please sit down 
Thank you . Good afternoon Mrs . Smith , Miss Duncan , Miss Lamb 
Your English is fluent 
Thank you 
How do you think of the weather today 
I don't like the weather like this . Cold and rainy . Hope it become sunny as soon as possible 
Hey , Devi , have you thought about where would you like to go to dinner on Friday for your birthday 
I am not sure . I don't know that many restaurants around here 
You know , we could look online at the local Internet sites 
Good . Let's take a look 
What kind of food would you like 
I enjoy Thai or Japanese the best 
This one , Shogun , looks good 
Oh yes , I've heard of that one . Everyone I've spoken with says that it is great 
Would you like to go there then 
I think that that would be a really good choice ! Let's call and make a reservation 
I'm concerned about your car 
It will be fine 
But I think I can help to fix it 
No , don't give it another thought 
Good afternoon , sir . May I help you 
I booked a table yesterday 
What's your name , please 
Smith 
A minute , please . ... Yes , this way , please 
I feel pity for the old man 
I feel the same way 
It must be dreadful to grow old 
Yeah . He has no one to count on 
Believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water 
Well , people from Asia to Europe all enjoy tea 
Right . And China is the homeland of tea 
Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea 
Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea 
Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others 
Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea 
Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it 
You surely know a lot about Chinese tea 
Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses 
Oh , so do I 
Why don't we go for one now 
Great . We can chat while enjoying a cup there 
Let's go 
Hello , room service . Can I help you 
I ordered dinner about forty minutes ago . It hasn ’ t been delivery yet 
We are sorry for the delay , ma ’ am . Could you hold the line , please ? I ’ ll check your order 
Okay 
Your order is ready . It ’ s on the way to your room . We ’ re very sorry to have you waiting , Ma ’ am 
That ’ s okay 
I'd like to buy a house about 300m with a garden . Can you help me 
Sure . We've helped more than ten thousand people buy and sell houses . We're the No . 1 realtor in this community . I recommend this house ( He points at a picture ) 
Where is it 
On a hill to the east of the Tarsus river . You have a good view of the beautiful sunrise and sunset . You can't find a better home to live in 
How many rooms are there 
Eight rooms , a roomy kitchen , two modem bathrooms , a lovely dining room , a gorgeous living room and three sweet bedrooms . All are built with first-rate materials 
How much is it 
6 million . You needn't pay the whole price at one time . You just pay 50 % in cash . We'll process the legal documents for you and then you can borrow the other 50 % from a bank and repay it in installments . We ask for only 1 % as commission 
OK . How much is the deposit 
Ten thousand 
Welcome home , Peter 
Thanks , honey . It's great to be back 
So , how was your trip to Thailand 
Have you started your report yet 
I'm having a hard time getting the information 
It's easy . You only have to search the internet in order to get the information you're looking for 
Oh , I didn't think of that 
Will you be voting 
I can ’ t wait to vote 
Who are you voting for 
The person I ’ m voting for is the best 
What do you like about him 
He is very intelligent 
You think so 
That ’ s right . Plus , I agree with his policies 
I ’ m glad to hear that you are so excited 
I ’ m voting for the next President 
I ’ m sure he will be 
I ’ m going to make sure and vote 
Do you like singing 
Yes , I do 
Let's go to a ETV tonight 
But I can't sing it well 
It doesn't matter . No one will laugh at you 
OK , I'Il go with you . When shall we go 
What about six 
It's too early . Let's make it seven , OK 
OK . Let's make it 
Fill it up with premium , please 
Sure . Should I check your radiator 
No , that's OK . How much do I owe you 
That'll be ¥ 150 
Take a seat inside and see what you think.So you will take the Porsche then , sir 
Yes , and I want to buy the insurance too . I think it's necessary 
You're smart to buy it . At 45 dollars for three days , it is a good deal 
Can I return the car in San Francisco 
San Francisco ? No , sir.We only have this office here . You will have to return it here 
Really ? I heard in America you can return rental cars in different cities 
No , sir . That's only with the very big companies . I'm sorry , but this car must be returned to this lot 
Well , I guess I will have to drive back down then . Hmm . I didn't think of that 
Do you still want the car , sir 
Yes . It will be fun . Driving back down the coast . My girlfriend will like it 
It's a beautiful drive 
Where are the keys 
Just a moment , sir . We have to finish filling out the forms 
Well , here is your breakfast 
Thanks so much . Miss , I believe I ordered my eggs scrambled , and these are fried 
Sorry , your friend over there ordered fried eggs , and I gave you his by mistake 
Oh yeah . Here , I will just trade with him 
Here are your pancakes , madam 
But I ordered waffles 
Oh , I am so sorry 
That's OK . I will eat my eggs and bacon , and you can take my pancakes back 
Good , sir . I will take care of that right away 
Thank you so much 
Hello , may I help you 
Yes , I'd like to have this parcel delivered to Shanghai 
Oh , we only take care of mail . For parcels , you can go to the next window 
Thanks ! ... Hello , I have a parcel to deliver 
Where do you need it to be delivered to 
I want to post it to Shanghai 
OK , please fill out this form 
Sure , what's the postcode of Shanghai 
Wait a moment , let me check it out for you . It's 200085 
Thanks , here you go . What's the postage , please 
Hold on , let me put it on the scale . It weighs up to 10kg and that will be 30 Yuan , please 
Ten kg ! Dear Shirley must have put a lead ball in it 
These three hours chatting with you have been very ... interesting . Could you please tell us why we're here 
I want a new brand image . Something creative , something strong . Make no mistake , something with ... resolve 
What is our time frame 
Let's meet on Friday to discuss your progress . Give me your e-mail address ... umm , I mean addresses ... We'll be in touch 
Are you going to leave school at the end of the term 
Yes , I am 
What are you going to do 
I'm going to be a clerk 
What does a clerk do 
He works in an office . He writes letters and reports , and he types 
I want to be a vet 
A-what 
A vet-a veterinary surgeon 
Good gracious ! What's that 
A vet's a man who takes care of sick animals . He's an animal doctor 
I once read a story about a person who talked to animals . It was very interesting 
Yes , ma'am 
How much is a stamp to send a letter to France , please 
Air mail or surface mail 
Air mail , please 
That'll be eighty-five cents 
Four stamps , please . How much is that 
Three dollars and forty cents 
There you go 
I need to get my high speed internet installed 
You'll need to make an appointment 
Could I do that right now , please 
What day would you like us to do the installation 
Is Friday good 
We're only available at 3
You can't come any earlier than that 
I'm sorry . That's the only available time 
Are you available this Saturday 
Yes . Anytime on Saturday will be fine 
How does 11
We can do it . See you then 
Hello , welcome to Lincoln Bank . What can we do for you today 
I want to effect payment under an L / C today 
No problem . OK ... just checking for you . Ah , I'm afraid there aren't enough funds in your account to cover this transaction . What you can do is buy some US dollars , using local currency and we can credit your account with that amount 
That seems alright . What's the exchange rate like today ? Good or bad 
It's not too bad today , actually . 828.23 
Have the owners come up with a counter-offer to my offer to buy their home yet 
The owners have counter-offered three hundred and thirty-five thousand dollars 
Should I accept their offer 
There are two ways to respond . You can either come back with another offer or go with their counter-offer 
What if I make another offer , and they don ’ t accept it 
No one else has made an offer , so you could make another offer if you want to do so 
I think that I would like to offer three hundred and thirty thousand dollars as a counter-offer 
OK , I will present your counter-offer to the owners tonight 
How long before I find out what their decision is 
By now , the owners probably have a pretty good idea of what they will accept . It will go quickly 
Our productivity has been down for more than six months now . I'm seriously considering pulling in an outside consultant to diagnose the cause of our problematic areas . I think we'd all benefit from an outsider's perspective . Sometimes we're just too closed to the problems to see the forest for the trees 
I think that's a good idea . You know I got a golfing buddy that runs a consultant firm . He's an expert in organizational comunication.He does't come cheap , but he's an expert in this field.Maybe he could help get things on track 
Do you have his card ? What's in his portfolio ? Which firm has he worked for in the past 
He's done staff for Microsoft and Boeing . I think he's been involved with Siemens ' training evaluations as well . I'll get you his card , you can give him a call 
Dad , why are you taping the windows 
Honey , a typhoon is coming 
Really ? Wow , I don't have to go to school tomorrow 
Jenny , come and help , we need to prepare more food 
OK . Dad ! I'm coming 
My wife's birthday is today . I need some flowers 
We have lots of fresh red roses 
How much do the roses cost 
$ 20 a dozen 
That sounds good . Last year I paid $ 30 
Yes , you came here on the right day . They're on sale today 
Give me a dozen 
Very good . Would you like anything else 
No , I'll just give her the roses and a card 
She should be very pleased with these roses 
Let's go eat 
0kay . Dinner's on me 
I ’ m fed up with marriage 
Why do you say so ? Everyone admires that you have a good wife 
Oh , no . When we were poor , we often tried our best to make ends meet . It was a hard time 
But now you are rich 
And we have some squabbles on some boring things 
This is ordinary marriage life 
Did you put the blue bin out on the street 
Oh , no . I forgot 
Well , you'd better take it out front 
What time does the recycle truck come by 
It usually gets here at noon on Tuesday , which is tomorrow 
I'll just take it out to the street tomorrow morning 
Oh , no , you don't 
What do you mean 
Every morning you get up late and rush off to work late 
Do you think I'll forget to do it 
You'll remember to do it , but you won't have time to do it 
Okay , I'll take it out front right now 
Thank god you are open ! I have an emergency 
Hello , Mr . Henderson what can I do for you 
I need this dress and this suit dry cleaned ASAP 
OK , I can have it ready by the end of the week 
No , you don ’ t understand , I need this tomorrow morning ! I accidentally spilled beer all over my wife ’ s dress and we have a wedding to attend tomorrow ! She ’ s gonna kill me 
OK , I can have it ready tomorrow afternoon , but this suit is also very stained . I can ’ t guarantee we can remove it completely 
Fine ! Can you also iron and starch this shirt 
Certainly 
Great ! This is our secret ! If you see my wife , say nothing to her about this 
I have a stomachache 
Well , you'd better lie down now . You need a good rest 
All right . I'll do that 
Hi , Mike , where are you going 
I ’ m going to down town 
At this time ? Why don ’ t you go there tomorrow ? It is almost dark 
My boy wants me to buy a toy , so I think I ’ d better satisfy him 
But I have seen many toys in your home 
There is none now because he likes to destroy toys 
But if he always destroys toys and asks you to buy new ones , what will you do 
Yes , I am annoyed by this , too 
And you still buy him new ones 
Yes , I think so 
You will spoil him 
Hello miss . Can I see your ticket number 
Sure , here you are . And here are my application forms as well 
Thank you miss ... Wang . I'm Bob Jones and I'll be handling your application 
Nice to meet you Mr . Jones 
The first step is to determine your eligibility for a U . S . visa . Let's see here ... you're applying for a special business visa . Why is that 
Well , my first order of business will be attending a conference in Seattle , but after that I intend to spend two weeks visiting my friends . I assumed a business visa would be required 
I think a regular visitor's visa should suffice . With this visa , you can stay in the United States for up to 90 days 
So I can attend conferences and do business on that visa 
Yes . You are free to do temporary business with this visa . If you were planning on setting up a new business in the U . S . you might need to apply for a long-term visa 
Oh , I see . I think 90 days is more than enough time 
Benter's Books 
Yes , I need to order a large number of Webster's dictionaries 
We have several hundred in stock 
Is there a discount for buying in large quantity 
Did you ever get a parking ticket 
No , have you 
Yeah , I just got one the other day 
How'd you get a ticket 
The ticket was for parking in the red zone 
I don't understand why you would do that 
There was nowhere to park , and I needed to run in and get something 
Where'd you get the ticket at 
I parked in front of my apartment building 
What about your parking spot 
But I really needed to be quick 
I bet that you wish you hadn't done that 
Isabelle , you know I'm not interested in fame 
Well , you don't seem to be interested in getting a real job , either 
You know I'm interested in teaching . I'm looking for jazz students ..
Yeah , and every high school student in town is banging on your door , right 
I know they're out there . I'll find them 
You're such a dreamer ! You think that you can spread the word of jazz in an underpass 
Susan ? What brings you here today 
Well , I ’ Ve got some papers due 
Really ? So what ’ s the news 
Not too good yet . Better than I was though 
What would you like to eat , sir 
Scrambled egg , bacon , three pieces of bread and a cup of tea 
Would you care for some lemon for your tea 
No , thank you 
Are you married 
Yes , I am 
How long have you been married 
I have been married for three years 
How many people are there in your family 
There are three people in my family 
Who are the members of your family 
My wife , my daughter and I 
Hello . Could you have a taxi pick me up before 10:00 a . m . 
What is your address 
I stay at No . 115 Fucking Road 
OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 
What are your rates 
It is RIB 10 yuan initially and 2 yuan for each kilometer 
I have a lot of luggage . Will those fit in the taxi 
Take it easy . I'll send a larger to pick you up 
Thank you very much 
I would like to know is it a direct flight to Dubai 
Sorry . No . You need to transfer to a connect flight in the middle 
Too bad . I hate transferring during a flight . It is too complex 
You have to do it . But it takes only about 30 minutes 
Really ? It used to cost a few hours 
It has become more time saving 
Ok . Good . I want two side by side tickets in the Economy cabinet . Thank you 
Could you make up this prescription for me , please 
Certainly . I'll do it for you right away . Sorry the drugs on this order are out of stock 
What can I do 
Would you prefer to take similar medicine of other brands 
Could I 
Certainly . I recommend this medicine . It's the same medicine , same quality , at a much lower cost . And it helps just as much . In fact , you'll feel better just by saving the money , I promise 
Great . I'll take this brand . And how do I take these medicines 
This is for internal use . Two tablets , four times a day 
Thank you 
You're welcome 
Well , we've settled everything in connection with this transaction except the question of the mode of payment 
Because this order is a comparatively big one , we would like to pay by time L / C , say , 60 days L / C 
Payment by sight L / C is quite usual in international trade , and as a rule , we only accept payment by sight L / C 
But we have only moderate mean at hand . If you can do us a special favor this time and allow us to delay payment , we'd really appreciate it 
Accepting time L / C is unusual and I've never done it before , but we could consider your request . I'll phone our company to see what they say 
Thank you for your consideration . When will you let me know your answer 
This afternoon 
How about you and Tom ? What time is your wedding 
Don ’ t be kidding , OK 
What ’ s the matter ? So angry . I ’ m just playing a joke with you 
Because I have given him up as a bad job . Our relation has been over 
Hey , there ’ s Leo . I wonder why he ’ s walking arm in arm with that young woman 
It ’ s as plain as the nose on your face . They ’ re dating each other 
You ’ re pulling my leg ! She must be thirty years younger than Leo . Talk about robbing the cradle 
Well , you can bet this relationship ’ s going to be a flash in the pan 
It must have been love at first sight because I know he didn ’ t have a girlfriend last week 
I think you are absolutely right . Actually , my father proposed to my mother after knowing her only two weeks . They got married a month later 
It's so boring 
Don't you like it 
I don't . Is there anything worth watching on the other channel 
I think it's a basketball match on channel 5 
Do you mind if we switch over 
Well , I'd rather see a movie 
What's the movie 
' Star war ' 
It must be interesting 
Yes , you're right 
What do you do in your spare time 
In summer I go hiking , and in winter I ski 
Do you mind if I come along sometime 
No , not at all . Glad to have you 
Hey , David . Where did you get the sofa ? It's so beautiful . Look at the color , I really love this yellow , so bright ! It must be very expensive 
Not really . To be honest , it's very cheap . I only spent $ 100 
Are you kidding ? $ 100 for this big leather sofa 
Yes . I bought it in Johnson thrift store 
Is it a used one 
Yes , it is 
Oh , I don't think I will buy a used sofa even it looks so attractive 
What ? How could you forget to reserve the concert tickets 
I'm sorry . I forget all about it 
How could you ? I reminded you just this morning 
It's leap my mind . I really feel terrible about it 
I have been looking forward to this performance all month 
I'm really sorry I let you down . I'll make it up to you somehow 
I am interested in buying a house and need some information 
Yes , of course . What area are you interested in 
I am interested in Pasadena or Arcadia 
What size house would you like 
We need a medium-sized house with at least 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms 
Are you interested in being in a particular school district 
Yes , we want to stay in the ABC School District 
Would you like a home near the lake or would you prefer a view 
I would love to have a home with a view 
Fine , I will begin a search for the perfect home for you . I will call you in a few days 
There must be something weighing on your mind . What is it 
Dad , I lost mum's necklace . I'm afraid she will scold me 
Don ’ t worry . I'll buy a new necklace as same as the old one 
It is so kind of you , Dad 
I ’ d like to open a current account 
Certainly . May I see your social security and your ID Please 
Here your are . I wonder how much interest can I earn for my current account 
Oh . Current account don ’ t pay our interest 
Why is that 
It ’ s primarily design for business transactions . That is write checks to pay the bills , buying things and sending money . We won ’ t expect a large amount of deposit in current account 
I see . How do I draw money from my news then 
Waiter , a menu please 
Here you are 
Thank you . Could you tell me the specials today 
The special today is fried chicken , and beef is good too 
Ok , let's think about it for a minute 
Well , I'll be back in a minute 
Yo baby , are you satisfied with the costume show in the street 
It ’ s hard to say.Just so-so 
Oh , it's ten o'clock . I'd better go now 
Would you stay for another cup of coffee 
No , thanks . I'll have to meet my friend at the airport 
It seems so strange to be here , burying you , but it's not you 
Ashes to ashes and dust to dust ..
This has been the worst and best day of my life , Taylor . They kept you in the hospital , and ..
I'll tell you all about it another day 
But you're OK ? It was nothing serious , was it 
You ladies look very elegant in black . But I don't want you to wear black in my honor for a long time yet to come ..
Excuse me 
Yes . Can I help you 
We're ready to order . A cup of coffee for me , and a glass of oranges for her 
Yes , how would you like your coffee 
Just black coffee . Do you serve anything else besides drinks , say cake 
We also serve sandwiches and cakes 
Give me two pieces of cake 
how come you're still up ? Shouldn't you be asleep by now 
I've been having a hard time sleeping lately 
as far as I know , insomnia is usually caused by stress . Are you stressed at all 
well , I'm really worried about my grades . I didn't think this course would be so stressful 
you're a good student . I'm sure you can do well . What you need to do is to relax 
you're probably right . I just wish it were that simple . How can I stop feeling so anxious all the time 
taking a yoga class or learning some relaxation techniques can help you cope with your stress 
I don't really have time to learn anything new . I need to spend my time studying 
you need to take some breaks throughout the day . Studying all day isn ’ t very usually effective 
you ’ re right . I usually end up starting at my computer or checking my email instead of doing my work for class 
besides , it ’ s not difficult to learn yoga . In fact , I can teach you a move that ’ s supposed to help you fall asleep ! You just have to sit down like this , bend over and breath in deeply 
that ’ s fantastic . I ’ m going to go try that out in my room now . good night 
good night , sleep tight ; don ’ t let the bed bugs bite 
Have you received your TOWEL test results yet 
Yes , I did . I passed 
Congratulations ! I knew you could do it 
Well , I certainly couldn't have done it without your help . You are the best tutor I've ever had 
Thank you , but it was your hard work that did it 
You deserve credit , too . I've learned so much from You 
May I help you 
Yes , I'd like to buy these razors 
Okay , that'll be $ 6.85 with tax 
Have you any beef today 
Yes , we've got a very tender new shipment from the mainland . It is a weekend special 
How much is it a pound 
One pound and fifty pence a pound 
Good . I'll get three pounds of it 
Here it is . Four pounds and fifty pence in all 
Our neighbour ’ s tape recorder is so loud that it annoys us to death . I ’ Ve made up my mind to cut the electricity off 
What ? That would be to cut off your nose to spite your face 
Then what shall we do 
Call the police 
Hello , is this the ABC company 
Yes , may I help you 
We have just arrived from Tokyo only ... looking for a reserve car of your company . All of above , we cannot find it 
What is your reservation number 
Our reservation number is J - 221 
Let me see . Oh , yes , we have your reservation number 
You mean you haven ’ t arranged any car 
I ’ m sorry to say no 
Here I ’ ll take taxi instead , how do you refund us 
Next , please . May I help you , sir 
Hello , yes , I ’ d like to open a bank account 
Certainly , I can can help you with that . What type of account would you like to open ? A chequing or a savings account 
What What features do they offer 
Well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars 
I see , well , I think I ’ m more interested in a chequing account . I like to have easy access to my money 
Alright , then , with this chequing account you ’ ll be issued a debit card and a cheque book . Will you require overdraft protection ? There is an extra fee for that 
No , that won ’ t be necessary 
In that case , I ’ ll get you to fill out this paperwork . I ’ ll need your social insurance number , and two pieces of government ID . If you could just sign here , and here , and here . we ’ ll be all set . Would you like to make a deposit today 
Yes , I ’ d like to deposit one billion dollars 
Excuse me , sir , may I take your order now 
Could we order later ? We have five persons altogether and 2 of us are still on the way 
OK , sir . Please call me when you are ready 
Yes , thank you 
Have you heard the news 
No . What happened 
Good morning 
Good morning . May I help you 
I want to place a long-distance call to London . Is this the right counter 
Yes . Here's a booking form . Please write down the number you wish to call , the name of the person you want to talk to , and your own name for our reference 
All right . Can you tell me when I will be able to get through 
It's hard to say . It depends on how busy the lines are . Please take a seat over there . We'll try to put you through as soon as possible 
Thank you 
Do you have a same one in yellow 
Here you are . You look younger in yellow 
I think so too . How much is it 
$ 100 
Well , that's too expensive . I can't afford that 
Room service.What can I do for you 
Excuse me . Can you tell me where l can buy a notebook and a pen ? I need them badly 
Here is a shop in the hotel . It's on the 11th floor 
That's quite convenient.Well , would you please buy me some ? I am so busy.My room number is 304 
Certainly 
Nathan said he didn't have any fun at his new school this week . Do you know why 
I think he hasn't made any new friends yet . He's just a little lonely 
He really misses his friends from our old neighborhood 
Without a doubt . Maybe if he knew he doesn't have to give up any of his old friends to make new ones , it will be easier for him 
How do you propose to help him understand that 
Well , we can help him keep in touch with his old friends 
I guess we could go visit once in a while too 
Yeah . There's a lot we can do to help him through this transition 
Why did Tom quit the job 
He said his present job seemed to be a blind alley 
If he doesn't change his attitude toward his work , I don't think a new job can make any difference 
Hello , Vicki 
Hi , David . What a beautiful necklace ! Dude , I ’ Ve never seen anything like it 
Well , you can have it for eleven hundred — as a friend 
I think seven hundred is enough 
What ? Seven hundred 
Well , eight hundred , then 
No , one thousand at least 
Eight hundred and fifty . Come on . I have 4 kids , 3 dogs , and 2 husbands to feed 
You ’ re a thief , Vicki . But I guess , eight hundred and fifty is all right 
Here you are , sucker 
Victory for me , I bought it for 30 bucks just yesterday 
Seattle restaurant . Is there anything I can do for you 
I would like to book a table for five at 7:00 tonight 
May I have your name , please 
Michael 
OK , Sir . We will arrange it for you 
Lin's office supplies . How may I direct your call 
Marry Lin please 
Sure , just a moment . ... I'm sorry no one answer the phone 
All right , could I leave a message 
Certainly 
Please ask her to call John 
We cannot avoid being asked questions in the interview . Sometimes , my mind goes blank 
It is so terrible to be caught unaware 
Admittedly , you can get prepared in advance for the interview , but you cannot cover everything concerned 
Sure . So you should know how to deal with the probable questions and then make flexible reply 
Firstly , your answer should go straight to the point , and be clear and brief 
State your opinion or argument first , and then go on with details 
Never should you give an answer completely beside the point 
If you indeed don't know how to answer , admit it frankly 
Pretending to know when you do not know may expose yourself to ridicule 
Confirm the question if you don't catch it clearly 
Try to avoid the possible duplicate answer if you can 
It can help you leave a deep impression on the interviewer 
What do you think of the lawyer's speech 
He has a glib tongue . Few people can argue him down 
Don't believe him . He's liar 
We cannot expect a man like him to speak the truth 
It's time to go . Are you ready 
Almost . Let me get my bag 
Come on , you must tell me everything about him 
Well , he's very tall and handsome 
Hmm ..
He has big blue eyes and long blonde hair 
Oh , how long 
Down to his shoulders . It's beautiful , like gold 
OK . OK . You'd better tell me what he does 
He's a very creative painter . His paintings sell well 
Really 
He's quite a patient teacher , too 
Fine 
You're going to like him . Everybody says he's a nice guy 
I'm hungry 
So am I 
Where should we go eat today 
How about we go eat in the cafeteria 
I never bought food from the cafeteria 
You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff 
What do they have 
They sell everything 
Well , I want Chinese food 
I've gotten chow mein from there before 
I guess we can eat there then 
Trust me , the food isn't half bad 
It's nice and bright today , isn't it 
Yeah.The autumn is marvelous here 
How about winter 
That's a hard time.The air is cold and damp , and the road is often icy 
It's boring , right 
Sure 
Do you get much rain during the summer 
Plenty.We never worry about lack of rainwater in our area 
So you should bring an umbrella often 
That's right 
Hi , I'm Jake . I'm new to the choir . What's your name 
Hello , there , my name is Tonia 
Do you sing alto 
Actually , I can do both soprano and alto but the director asked me to sing alto for the next perforate . What about you 
Looks like we both float back and forth . I'm baritone 
Our bass section is really good . You're going to love singing with them 
I heard them warming up earlier . You're right 
It's good to have you in the group . We can always use a good baritone 
Excuse me ! I don't have time to waste . I've been here almost one full hour 
Sorry , madam . You have to wait your turn . The parking lot is full 
Unbelievable ! Parking in this city is such a nightmare 
Madam , patience is a virtue 
Oh , gosh ! I have to go to the restroom so bad ! I can't bear it anymore 
I'm sure a spot will open up soon 
Oh , look ! There's a spot open next to the public restroom ! Can I take it 
Hello Mary . I haven ’ t seen you for ages . Are you still seeing Paul 
No . We broke up last month . I ’ m taking a break from dating for a while 
Did you break up amicably ? Sometimes couples row a lot before splitting up 
We just decided to stop seeing each other . It was all very amicable . Are you still going out with mike 
Yes , I am . We ’ re thinking about getting engaged . We ’ Ve been dating for over a year now 
Good for you ! Have you seen Kelly recently ? Is she still dating nick 
I havn't seen her for a while.She stopped seeing nick because he was cheating on her.He was seeing a girl form his office.One day , she saw them holding hands and ended the relationship immediately 
She was right to do that . I heard the Neil and Tina getting married soon 
Really ? They ’ Ve been together for a long time . When are they getting married 
I think it ’ s 26th September . I ’ ll check and make sure that Tina remembers to invite you to the hen night 
Thanks . Hey , look at that guy over there . I think he fancies you 
He certainly looks interested , doesn ’ t he ? Shall we invite him over to our table 
Good morning , Miss Li 
Morning , Mike 
I ’ m sorry that I was absent yesterday 
I ’ Ve already got your certificate for sick-leave . How do you feel today 
I feel much better now 
Have you received the reading material handed out yesterday 
I ’ Ve already got it . Thanks 
I will explain it in detail in the next class . Could you preview it 
I will 
Awful ! My cell phone is out of service again . Fred , can you lend me some money 
How much do you want 
200yuan . I bought a computer online , so I have to pay the mortgage 
I am so sorry to hear that . Is that enough 
It's so nice of you . You really make my day 
Forget it ! We seemingly need to gather money little by little 
What you said is absolutely right . I will pay you back as soon as I get back on my feet 
No rush . You can give it back whenever you have it 
Diana , in your opinion , which is more important , IQ or EQ 
Why are you asking me the strange question , Jerry 
I watched the movie Forrest Gump last night . And the question just lined in my mind 
Well . I think IQ matters more . But it won't work without EQ 
Why ? You seem pretty sure about it 
Because an intellectual mind can only be a beneficial thing in life 
But IQ is decided at birth.One can't expect to make a lot of improvement in it 
That's why people's achievement varies greatly 
That ' s true , but what if one comes across some difficulties . He must rely on his EQ to deal with them 
Yes , Jerry , can you share your understanding of EQ 
I think it is independent of IQ and plays a prominent role in deciding the way we live our lives 
Quite right . Have you noticed that a high IQ is not a must for one's success 
Just as Forrest 
Yes , his IQ is high enough for him to embrace the success as long as he can manage his EQ 
I got it 
May I recommend you Tsingtao beer 
Tsingtao beer 
Yes , sir . It's one of the best beers in China 
Really 
Yes . The beer is brewed by using carefully selected malts , rice , hops and natural water from the Lao Mountain 
How about its taste 
Fine , sir 
That sounds great . Two Tsingtao beers , please 
Tin or bottle 
Tin , please 
Would you like it on the rocks , sir 
No , thank you 
You're welcome 
Mike ! Look at the floor 
What's wrong with it 
What's wrong with it ? It's filthy 
Oh ..
It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes 
Sorry , love 
What are you looking for now 
My cigarettes 
Well , they ' re not here.They are in the dustbin 
In the dustbin ! Why didn't you tell me before 
Good morning , sir . Is there anything I can do for you 
I would like to buy two bottles of brandy 
How about this one ? It's the special local product 
Can I buy these tax free 
Yes . This is a duty-free shop 
Your muscles are a spectacle 
Thank you.That ' s the result of exercise.By the way , do you work out 
No , but I am starting working out from now on 
Fine 
You look a bit dull today . What's up 
Well , my mum lost her job yesterday 
I'm sorry to hear that . Well , I heard that registered urban unemployment rate reached 4 percent this year , with more than half being women 
The supply outstrips the demand in the job market and women are in a disadvantageous position as a whole 
Yeah , it's true . What is she going to do 
Well , she is thinking of doing some household cleaning or baby sitting in the community 
That's not bad . It could be a short-term alternative . Your mum can look for another one when the market improves . Things will work out eventually 
Thank you . I just hope she won't feel pressed 
Hello , Alice . Would you like to go to the temple fair with me 
Temple fair 
Yes . The ancient custom of holding temple fairs is to offer sacrifices to the god of the earth , and they have developed into a festival filled with food , performances and games now 
Sounds interesting 
Absolutely , I love temple fairs . Beijing has several temple fairs recently . They are different from each other to some extent , but also have a lot in common 
I just can't wait to see them . Which one do you choose today 
What about Tianqiao Temple Fair ? A variety of opera performances , acrobatics shows , and food will dazzle you 
Great ! Do you know how to get there 
Of course 
Couldn't be better 
How can I help you 
I want to open another account 
What kind would you like to open 
I would like to open a savings account 
Do you already have an account with us 
I have another savings account open already 
Do you want to transfer money from that account 
I would like to do that 
How much 
I only want to transfer $ 100 
It ’ ll only take me a minute to complete your transaction 
Great . Thank you very much 
Hi there . Welcome to Lincoln Corporate Services . How can we help 
Hi . I was wondering what kind of fixed asset loans you have ? Do you have Fixed Asset Loans 
Yes , we do . You'll go through the acceptance application , then a first review , then an evaluation and examination and finally get approval . Why don't you read through this brochure ? It outlines all of the important aspects of the loan , the terms and conditions , etc 
That's a good idea , to familiarise myself with it . Then , I'll be back if we decide to go ahead 
Hello ? This is John Smith.Can I speak to Mr.White , please 
This is Mr.White speaking 
Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ’ t you 
Yes 
I ’ d like to know more about it 
Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ’ clock 
OK . I will be there 
Thank you for calling.Goodbye 
Bye 
Hey , let's arm wrestle 
Not now 
Chicken ! You're afraid I'll beat you 
Are you kidding ? I just feel tired right now 
I called HP about my computer 
What did they say 
They said I need a new hard drive 
That's too bad . How much is a new one 
It's not too much , only about $ 85 
Plus installation 
No , my hard drive is easy to remove and replace 
Really 
Yes , it's just a couple of screws 
That's nice 
It's a lot better than paying someone $ 60 
If my hard drive crashes , I'll just call you 
Excuse me . Could you please take a picture of us with this camera 
Sure . Which button do I press to shoot 
This one 
Do I have to focus it 
No , this is a focus-free camera . All you have to do is point and press the button 
All right . Say cheese 
OK , so this is the main factory area . We're now walking past the printing machine . It's printing in four colours at the moment 
What's going on over there 
They're setting up the machine for a new run 
How long does that usually take 
About twenty minutes 
What's happening at the far end 
That's the packing line . The goods are being wrapped and loaded onto pallets ready for transportation 
Sorry , stewardess . Where shall I put my bags 
You can place the smaller one in the overhead bin and put the bigger one under the seat in front of you 
Thank you very much 
Please make sure to fasten your seat belt . We are to take off 
Good morning , sir . What can I do for you 
Check out please 
You have stayed for 6 day.Here is your bill 
Here is the cash.Can you look after my baggage for a while 
Surely of course . But you have to be back by 5 o'clock , otherwise we will charge you 10 $ 
OK , thank you 
I want to make dinner tonight 
What are you thinking of making 
I don't have any idea what to cook 
How about making a teriyaki bowl 
Can you tell me how to make it 
All it consists of is teriyaki beef and white rice 
Okay , but what do I have to do to prepare it 
All you have to do is cook some white rice 
What do I do after that 
Then cut up the beef and marinate it in teriyaki sauce 
What else do I have to do 
All that's left is to cook it 
What exactly is the problem with the latest lot 
We are faced with the problem that part of the consignment is unacceptable . We assume that damage occurred during the consignment was in your care 
But we can't accept your damage claim 
Why not 
You didn't note the damage on the bill of lading 
What ’ s wrong 
I got laid off today 
Oh no ! That ’ s terrible 
Yeah 
What happened 
My boss said I didn ’ t have enough skills to do the job well 
What are you going to do 
I ’ m going to start taking classes at the local community college to try to improve my skills . Then I ’ ll start looking for a new position 
Stop burping 
I can't help it 
Victoria , you are back from vacation ! How was it 
To tell the truth , I feel tired 
How come 
I had to visit all my relatives 
George , is your chicken OK 
It tastes great , but it is really dry . Is your fish all right 
My fish is very dry 
I wonder if they left it sitting around too long before they served it 
That's exactly what I was thinking had happened 
Are your vegetables OK 
The vegetables are kind of mushy 
So are mine . I think they left them cooking too long 
The food here is usually good , so I think that we should tell the waiter that there is a problem 
I think that you are right . Maybe they can give us a free dessert or something 
Welcome to our hotel's indoor swimming pool . What can I do for you 
You see this is the first time for me to use the swimming pool . I've got no idea about the water temperature of the pool . I'm afraid it might be a little cold 
You don't need to worry about that . madam . We have a warm massage pool , and the temperature is 36 ° C 
I see . But I'm not a good swimmer . Can you tell me how deep the pool is 
Certainly , madam . The deepest place is two meters but you can swim in the shallow area , which is only l . 4 meter in depth . We have separate locker rooms over there and they are free of charge 
That's great ! Can you give me the key to the locker ? I can't wait to have a try 
Where is Tom 
He is in the bedroom and fallen asleep 
What ? It ’ s only 9 p . m . Now . Why today he went to bed so early 
He ran four miles and came back dead beat 
Oh , I see 
I'm really in a flap about the interview 
Take it easy.you ' Ve made enough preparations 
I'm in such a need of the job that I can't afford any mistakes 
I'm sure you'll pass it 
have you seen bill recently 
yes . He ’ s in hospital with a bad back . One morning , he just couldn ’ t get out of bed.His wife called an ambulance and they took him to hospital . He ’ s been there for a few days now 
daisy ’ s in hospital too . she got food poisoning last week . She thinks she got it from some bad seafood 
you have to be very careful with seafood . It tastes lovely , but it often causes upset stomachs . Have you heard anything from tom 
he ’ s fine , but he had a fever last week . He probably just had a cold 
he might be allergic to pollen . My niece is allergic to pollen . It seems like she has a cold , but in fact it ’ s her allergy 
I see . My niece just flew back from Australia to visit . She ’ s got jetlag now . she ’ s just resting today , but we ’ ll probably go out somewhere tomorrow 
it ’ s nice that she ’ s back for a while . Thinking of all these ailments , I got a splinter the other day . It took a long time for me to get it out of my skin . Look 
oh , your hand is still sore . You should put some ointment on it to stop the swelling 
that ’ s a good idea . You ’ Ve got a nasty bruise on your hand 
yes , I banged it against to cooker yesterday . It really hurt , but it ’ s OK now . the bruise will disappear soon 
Can I help you 
Yes , how much is the teapot 
Two hundred and thirty yuan 
I'm afraid I haven't got enough money on me 
You can come later 
What's the time now 
It's half past seven 
I want to know at what time you close 
We offer 24 - hour service 
Oh , that's great ! Thank you 
Excuse me 
Yes , sir . Can I help you 
Um , this steak , I asked for to be medium rare 
Medium rare , that ’ s right , sir . I remember your order 
Well , I ’ m afraid it isn ’ t . It ’ s a bit too well done and rather tough . Would you mind changing 
If it is not to your satisfaction , I ’ ll certainly bring you another . But I ’ m afraid you may have to wait for a few minutes 
Yes , that ’ s all right . Thank you very much 
I am a reporter from Channel 5 News 
What ’ s up 
Could I ask you some questions 
Sure , you can 
Did you vote today 
I sure did 
What candidate did you vote for 
I can ’ t disclose that information 
Why is that 
My vote is my own private business 
I understand 
I voted for our next President 
Can I help you 
I'd like to buy a tie to match this suit 
We have various colors . How about this one 
Well , the color is all right . But it looks outdated.Can you show me that one 
You have a very good taste . It's our best seller 
Really 
Sure ! Look , it suits you well 
Excuse me , Mr . Macmillan 
Yes , Ms . Ross ? What do you need 
I was hoping you would write a letter of recommendation . I want to enter a Master ’ s program in marketing . It ’ s all on weekends and evenings 
Good news ! I ’ ll be glad to . When do you need it 
Do you think you'll get the project 
It's a chance in a million . I hear John is interested in it 
I see.After all , he's boss's son 
But anyway , I'll have a try 
Well , it ’ s really too late . I have to go now 
Could you stay a little longer 
Sorry , I can ’ t.My mother doesn ’ t want me to be late . I really have to go 
In that case , I won ’ t keep you.Remember to give me a call 
Thank you for your delicious meal 
... Now that we have been over the gory details of our disastrous first quarter , Ed ! Give us some good news . How are things looking for us in terms sales this month 
Uh well ... would you like the bad news first or the really bad news 
What ? Ed , don ’ t tell me you only have bad news 
Well sir , our sales have dropped , no plunged , fifty percent in the past month alone . We are currently overstocked and overstaffed and our profits refalling fast . The market is in recession and we have no way of moving our inventory , or getting rid of our staff . If we consider redundancies , it would cost us a fortune because of the new regulations governing compensation packages . It ’ s a real mess 
For crying out loud ... How fast are we losing money 
Um ... how can I put this ? Let ’ s just say that at this pace , we will be filing for Chapter eleven in less than three months 
What ! Geez ! How could this have happened ? So what ’ s the bad news 
Oh , that ’ s the really bad news . Our supplier suffered QC problems and , well , half of our production is faulty . We ’ re going to have to recall all itemssold in the last quarter . And the worst part ? We ’ re going to have to shoulder this cost 
Are you joking ? Get the supplier on the line now ! They have to assume the costs of this mess 
We tried that , sir . The factory has gone under and the owner apparently has fled the country 
We ’ re doomed 
There is some really good news though 
Really ? What 
I got offered a new job 
Could you introduce some whitening products for me 
Please forgive me just being frankly , madam . You don't need whitening products because you look pretty white . But you have freckles on your face 
Then what kind of product can fade freckles 
I recommend Nisei products . This brand has a face cream which is effective on fading freckles 
How much is it 
419 yuan 
It is too expensive for me . Do you have something cheaper 
I'm afraid there isn't 
My brother started investing money when he was 16 years old 
The early bird catches the worm 
Our advertisement says English competence is a key requirement of this position . Then how do you think of your proficiency in written and spoken English 
I have learned English for 10 years , and I have passed College English Test Band 4 and 6.My spoken English is fairly good enough to express myself fluently 
What other foreign language do you speak 
I did self-study of Japanese in college , and I can carry on some simple conversations in Japanese 
What do you think are the qualities a nurse should have 
They are responsibility , skill , patience , quietness , and so on 
What kind of medicines does the doctor usually prescribe to children who get high fever 
Aspirin 
Hello , Peace Hotel 
Hello , I'm calling from Beijing . I'd like to reserve a double room with a bath from tonight on for five days , please 
A moment , please . I'll check our room availability for these days ... Yes , that's all right.What ' s your name please 
John Smith . J-O-H-N S-M-I-T-H 
Hello everyone , and welcome to our CPR for beginners course.First of all , does anyone know what CPR stands for 
Cardiopulmonary resuscitation 
That ’ s right ! We apply CPR in the case of cardiac arrest or pulmonary arrest 
What does that mean 
Well , basically if your heart stops pumping blood , or your lungs stop pumping air , then we need to get them going again ! That ’ s when we have to apply this procedure . Let ’ s begin ! I need a volunteer 
Me ! Me 
Alright , come here and lay flat on your back . Let ’ s suppose this young woman has stopped breathing . We must lift the person ’ s chin so that we clear a pathway for air to get into the lungs . Then we place our mouth over the other person ’ s mouth and blow air two or three times , like this 
Wait , what are you doing ? I ’ m a married woman ! You can ’ t just try to kiss me like this 
Madam I ’ m not trying to kiss you ! I am trying to demonstrate how to apply CPR in the case of an emergency 
Well , OK . But no French kissing 
As I was saying , we blow air through the mouth in this manner . Once this is done , we must try to get the heart going again . To do this , we place our hands over the person ’ s chest , and press down firmly two or three times 
Wait , what are you doing ! You can ’ t just kiss me then go for second base 
Good coming , Sir 
Good morning 
Where would you like to go 
To the airport please 
Here we are 
Thank you . How much is it 
Nine pounds twenty 
Here's ten pounds . Keep the change 
Thank you . Sir
You're welcome , Goodbye 
Let's go to Burger Queen for lunch . They have good cheese burgers 
OK . I am hungry , too . I like their milkshake . They're very creamy and tasty 
Look at the long line , there are always a lot of people waiting in lines just for the cheese burger . It must be very delicious 
Yup . But , this also means we have to wait to order our food 
Come on . It is worth waiting . Their cheese burgers are really popular . Once you have it , you will love it 
Well , sounds very attractive . I just tried their vanilla milkshake last time , and it was really delicious 
Yup , they have good French fries as well . Not very thick , but crispy enough . You should try them with some mayonnaise sauce . That is the Belgium style . You will love it 
OK , I think I know what to order for my lunch now . But , eating too much fried food really makes me fat 
Come on . You just have it once in a while , not every day . It will not harm you 
That's true . You can hear my tummy grumbling . I am really hungry 
Be patient . Good food never comes fast 
Ok 
Northwest Airline 
Hello , I'd like to reconfirm my flight 
May I have your flight No . , PLS 
My flight No . is 102 leaving Baiyun Airport at fourteen twenty 
Yes , that's our regular flight to Shanghai . What's your name , PLS 
I am Jason Armstrong . My first initial is J 
One minute . Oh , yes , here we are . You are flying economy class , aren ’ t you 
Yes , that's right 
Okay , you are all set , Mr . Armstrong . Enjoy your flight 
Thanks 
I would like to discuss purchasing a home with you 
I can help you . What location are you looking for 
I would like to live in Pasadena or Arcadia 
Have you thought about what your needs are in terms of size 
We would like a smaller cozy cottage with 2 bedrooms and 1 bathroom 
Is living in a particular school district important to you 
No , we don ’ t really care because they are all pretty good around here 
Are you interested in purchasing on the lake , or would you like a home with a view 
We really want to live in a lakeside home with a dock for our boat 
Now that I have an idea of what you want , I can begin my search 
I have redecorated my bedroom . I decide to repaint the walls and change the pictures . I also bought a new pair of curtains . What do you think of it 
I think is looks great . I really like the light colors you have chosen . The pictures are nice too . Did you bought any new furniture 
I bought a new mattress and some fresh bedclothes . I also bought a new dressing table and a new bedside table 
new furniture makes a room seem so fresh . I see that you also bought a new lamp for your bedside table 
do you think that I should get a new wardrobe 
that wardrobe looks quite big . Is it full of clothes 
yes . I have so many clothes stuffed into it . Perhaps I should get rid of some of them . There are clothes in there that I never wear anymore 
I like to get rid of clothes that I don ’ t wear rather than keeping them in a wardrobe . They take up too much space . There are several charity shops that you can give old clothes to . They will be
that ’ s a good idea . After I get rid of the old clothes I no longer wear , I can see what new clothes I need to buy 
I need to buy some new clothes for the summer too . Perhaps we can go together one day 
ok . I ’ ll let you know when I ’ Ve sorted out my clothes 
Did you go to see Michael last night 
Yes , He had just bought a new motorcycle 
Did he let you ride it 
Yes , I tried it and I quite liked it 
Weren ’ t you frightened 
Sure . But I still liked it 
Would you like to buy a motorcycle yourself 
No . Although motorcycle is nice , I ’ d like to buy a bicycle 
But why ? Since you like it so much 
Because bicycles are safer 
What is this ? I didn't order that 
I ’ m terribly sorry . May I have your order again ? I'll get it right away 
I've ordered savory pork and coleslaw 
I'm sorry . I must have made a mistake . I'll bring them for you at once 
Hey ! What is this 
Pardon me , Miss . But didn't you order chicken soup 
Oh , Is that what this is 
I believe so . But if it really bothers you , I'll replace it for you 
No , don't replace it . Give a refund 
Sorry . I'm afraid we can't . But you may order something else instead 
Oh , really ? Give me a clam soup 
Okay , Miss 
Thank you 
I hope you enjoy your dinner 
Hi Brittany . What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed 
I'm trying to decide what to wear to school the first day 
Oh , A . Mom didn't tell you 
Didn't tell me what ? What 
This Bs ' school you're going to is going to make your life easy 
What are you talking about brother ? Spill it 
Uniforms , sis , no more worrying about appearances 
You mean I have to wear the same thing every day ? MOM 
Why do you want to be a teacher 
It's a job I have been dreaming of for many years . While it is difficult , I am convinced that there is nothing more noble and rewarding than this profession 
Do you know about our school 
Yes , a little . I know your school is one of the best known in this town . There are about 200 children in the school 
... I knew it . I always knew you were a lesbian 
She's my roommate , not my date . The D-man , as in dork 
Haha . Still got that great sense of humor , I see . Here's my card . I sell used cars . A car from us is a car you can trust 
Alrighty then . Didn't you use to date Sheryl 
Sweet little lassie . Yep , broke her heart when the D-man told her he couldn't be a one-woman guy 
Oh ? I heard she dumped you . Anyway , she's right over there . Oh , Sheryl 
Jimmy , I ’ d like to wear this robe for tonight cocktail party . What do you think of it 
Don ’ t dress like that . You ’ ll make fool yourself . You look stupid in that robe 
What ? But it is my favorite piece of clothing 
Maybe it is . But it ’ s out of fashion 
What am I going to do 
Let ’ s go downtown and pick up some fashionable clothes for you 
Hi . I can't get going on my computer until I get a broadband hookup 
Just plug the Ethernet cable into your computer , and you'll be off and running 
That would be okay if I had an Ethernet port . Unfortunately , my laptop uses wireless only 
In that case , let me tell you about some alternatives 
Anything to get me up and running 
For starters , we have a computer lab 
Fantastic ! What do I have to pay per hour 
The lab is completely free . But you do have to pay a dime a page for printing 
That's fine . Now tell me about the other alternatives 
Just bring your laptop down here to the lobby . We're set up for wireless right here 
Great ! I like that suggestion , but what if I need to print something there 
Unfortunately , you'll have to go to the computer lab for your printing needs 
Mr.Wang , we haven't discussed the mode of payment 
You know Mr . Forster , this is a really large purchase . I am afraid we can't pay off at one time . We have to pay by installment 
Do you mean you prefer a deferred payment 
Yes , Mr.Forester 
When do you start the payment then 
We'll start our payment in half a year and the total amount will be paid off within 2 years by three installments 
We can accept that but you have to pay the interest 
All right 
Shall we sign the agreement now 
Ok , let's sign it 
Would you show me some table-cloths 
Certainly . ( Take a table-cloth to her 
How much is it 
A table-cloth of this size and style is 15 Yuan 
That ’ s reasonable 
If you take good care of it , it will last you quite a number of years 
Really ? I ’ ll take it then 
Hi , taxi.Could you take me to the financial street , please
Pardon , where to , sir 
I want to go to the financial stree 
All right . Hop in , please 
Excuse me , how long does it take to get there 
It usually takes about half an hour 
Oh , does it really a long way to go 
Yes . Moreover , since the street is heavy with traffic this time of day . I'm not sure we can make it . By the way , are you pressed for the time 
No , I'm not.you can just drive slowly and carefully 
OK 
You are very skillful driver 
Thank you 
By the way , is the fair the same for any distance 
No . It versa according to the distance , you can read from the meter 
Oh , I see 
I need to pay the fine on my ticket 
Do you have the ticket with you 
Yes , I have my ticket with me 
Let me see your ID 
I forgot to bring that with me 
You need it to pay your fine 
Why can't I just give you the money for the fine 
Because , I need to see a photo ID in order to verify who you are 
Okay , I think I understand 
All right , come back and bring your ID 
So once I pay this off , my record will be cleared 
Once you pay it , your record will be cleared 
What are the requirements that you need to do the job 
We want someone who can operate the common office equipments and have special skills in photography 
I can handle that . I can operate word - processor , fax machine , photostat , and other office equipments 
What do you think of your own qualification 
I have a master's degree and I meet all the needs you want , so I am confident of doing this job well 
I hate computer games 
Why ? They are fine 
Because they are too violent . Some of them are even disgusting 
Indeed there are bad games . But many of them are good 
If boys grow up with computer games , they will surely become bad 
Come on . Things are not so bad . Boys can learn to use the computer through games 
It's nice of you to see me off 
It's my pleasure . Hope you ’ ll visit Beijing more often 
Thanks . Stop here now 
OK . I hope you have a good trip . Thanks ever so much for your cooperation , Mr . Simpson . Give my best wishes to Mr . Green 
OK , I will . Goodbye and remember to look me up if ever you're in Paris 
Goodbye and all the best 
OK , bye for now 
Bye 
I go to the fitness center every weekend 
What for 
To lose some weight 
Why , you look pretty all right 
Oh , my God ! I've been cheated 
What ? What did you buy 
It's a brick ! I can't believe how stupid I was . Damn it 
What is it ? Why did you buy a brick 
There was a guy on the sidewalk.He had three new boxes , Panasonic video camera boxes.He said he had to get rid of them quick 
And 
So he said he'd sell me one for twenty dollars . A four-hundred-dollar camera for twenty bucks 
And it's a brick 
Yes 
I can't believe how stupid you are . Why didn't you open the box 
I wanted to . But he said , no , the box is still in its plastic wrap from the store.If it's opened , other people won't believe it's new 
So he had the boxes wrapped in plastic 
Yes , it was the kind of perfect plastic wrap that comes with new products.Look , it even had a bar-code price sticker on it ! It looked brand new 
But why would a guy be selling new video cameras for twenty dollars 
He said he had to get rid of them . They were stolen 
Aha ! Now I understand.You were trying to buy stolen goods on the sidewalk.So , what I think is , you deserve to get cheated 
C'mon , don't blame me ! I thought it was a new camera . We could use it.We were even thinking about buying a camera . I don't understand how he could have such a perfect-looking box 
That's no problem.He just has a friend who works in a shop that can do plastic wrap . That's easy.And probably it's the same shop he got the boxes from.Maybe his friend works in an electronics store . They sell video cameras there . Probably they had a couple video camera boxes lying around.So they get the idea of wrapping bricks to sell to fools like you.Twenty dollars a brick . That's a good profit if they can sell enough bricks 
You're right , Sarah . I was a fool . I can't believe it . How could I fall for such a trick 
I think that ’ s settled 
I'm tired of your cut-and-dried opinions . Who do you think you are 
How dare you speak to me like this 
Why not 
I've got to go to bed . Have to work tomorrow 
OK . Good night , then . Have a good sleep 
Good night . See you tomorrow 
Good afternoon , doctor 
Good afternoon . What can I do for you 
I'm an athlete for the Olympic Games here 
About half an hour ago I fell on the ground and hurt my leg . It bled a lot 
Let me have a look . You're very lucky because the cut is not deep 
First , I'll clean up the wound and then dress it 
Must I stop all my training ? Will I be able to attend the games 
Take it easy . It's not serious . You should keep the wound very clean 
Don't do strenuous exercises until your wound is healed 
Thank you very much , doctor 
Not at all . You'll be OK soon 
Excuse me , where are the canned goods 
The counter is at the end of the aisle . They are kept in the ice chest 
Thank you.And where can I buy some delicatessen 
The delicatessen department is on the second floor 
Thanks a lot 
Are the expressions of sight draft , time draft , usance draft and letter of credit adequate terms to express the different methods of payment 
No . These terms need to be amplified 
What if the sale is made on the basis of sight draft 
Then the shipping documents have to be attached . That way , both parties confirm the documents that will accompany the draft and constitute evidence of shipment in compliance with the contract terms 
Therefore , we must be very careful in building up clear expressions and complete understanding on both sides of trade 
Yes , that's very important 
I just got a telegram from Margaret and Greg 
Are they coming to Chicago again 
Yes . They ’ re coming the beginning of August 
Oh , good ! We can all get together again 
I ’ m glad they ’ re coming in August . Maybe Greg and I can play some golf or get tickets to a baseball game 
And Margaret and I can take the dog and go jogging in the park 
Remember the garden party they gave when we were in England 
Oh , yes . We all sat on the grass , and Margaret played the guitar and sang Greek songs 
I had a great time . It ’ ll be good to see them again 
How do your spend your time after work or in vacation 
In my spare time , I am fond of traveling and I always take a trip with my family 
But traveling is an expensive hobby , isn't it 
You are deadly right 
Good morning . May I help you 
Good morning , I have an appointment with Mr . Wang Li 
He's not in , I'm afraid 
But Could you tell me when he will be back 
I am sorry , I don't know 
well , do you think I could leave a message for him 
Certainly 
Let ’ s cross here 
You ’ re kidding . We ’ ll never make it across in one piece ! Let ’ s cross at the light 
Now we have to walk all the way down to the end of the street 
If you want to cross here , be my guest . I don ’ t feel like dodging cars and scooters 
I'm exhausted . My new exercise class is so hard 
I think it is easy . I could work in your class with no problem 
You thing so 
Oh , without a doubt . When is the next class 
Tomorrow morning . Try it 
No problem 
Are you going to this class this morning 
Of course , easy . No sweat 
You're no able to move after this class 
Are you kidding me ? It's going to be up a piece of cake 
You want to bet 
Yeah , what't the bet 
I bet I can go one hour in your class this morning and not feel a thing 
I heard you want to apply for the position as a foreign bank staff member , is it true 
Yes , it's true 
What about the foreign bank 
It's a branch of the Bank of America in Beijing 
What are the requirements 
The applicant must be alert and quick at figures , and like meeting the public 
Would you be using English every day in this job 
Yes . Because the customers are mostly Americans 
The pay must be good 
Yes , starting salary is 6,000 yuan a month plus bonuses 
I have to find a living room set 
Where are you planning on looking for one 
I don't know 
I can tell you where I got mine 
Where did you go to find yours 
IKEA has beautiful furniture 
Does the furniture from IKEA cost a lot 
The furniture cost a couple thousand dollars 
How good of quality is the furniture 
It's very sturdy . You get what you pay for 
I don't mind paying for quality workmanship 
I assure you that you're paying for quality 
I don't think the manager will get mad at you for being late 
I don't know about that 
Is Betty Sue in her office 
I ’ m sorry . She ’ s in a meeting right now 
I see 
Can I give her a message for you 
Yes , please tell her I stopped by 
And your name , please 
Ted . Oh , and could you give her this document for me 
Certainly 
I like double-breasted garment with no belt.Could you show me some 
Here you are.Which size do you wear 
Medium.May I try it on 
Of course.You look terrific in it 
Can I help you 
Yes . I sent in my resume at the end of last week . I'm applying for the accounts assistant position 
May I have your name please 
My name is Judy Liao . That's spelled L I A O 
Alright ... And did you have some specific questions about your application 
Not really . I was in the neighborhood , and I just wanted to stop in to see if you received my resume 
Oh , that's no problem . Just give me a moment , and I can check.Judy Liao . Let's see ... Yes , here it is . Judy Liao . We have received your resume 
Thank you 
Is there anything else I can help you with 
Yes , maybe . The ad in the newspaper said you wanted the resume , a cover letter , and two letters of recommendation . I included those things in the envelope . Is there anything else I should send 
No , that is all we need . If we have those things included , that is sufficient 
Do you know when they will start setting up interviews for the job 
I'm not really sure about that . But I know we are still receiving resumes.Maybe after a week or two they will start calling applicants 
I see . Well , thank you very much for helping me . You have been very helpful 
If you have any further questions , you can call any time 
Thank you 
Thank you . Goodbye 
I ’ m looking forward to relaxing this coming weekend 
I hope that I can finally find free time too . I ’ Ve been so busy at work recently 
How might you spend the weekend 
I hope to do a little gardening . I find it very relaxing 
I might do that too . I hope the weather is nice . I could go and play some golf 
I heard that the weather should be good . There ’ s a possibility of a shower , but it ’ s not very likely 
Hopefully , we ’ ll both have relaxing weekends 
Of course , something could come up and stop that wish coming true 
Unfortunately , there ’ s always the possibility of some urgent work requiring our attention 
My , it looks too queer 
Yes , it is a queer drug , a tonic only available in China . Many ancient Chinese medicine journals have recorded that it can cure such ailments as night sweat , pain at loins and knees and anaemia . It has no side effect 
Great ! Will you please tell me how to take it 
Yes , madam . Fill 3 or 5 pieces of Cordyceps into a cleaned and chopped open duck's head and cook with the whole duck . Or stew Cordyceps with chicken 
That sounds very interesting 
Please don't eat turnip and garlic when taking this medicine 
Thank you very much 
So awful ! I never fancy my salary is so little 
Oh , don't be so sad . You can ask for a salary raise 
Bingo ! I never thought about that before . I am working so hard and my accomplishment is significant , you know 
So you suppose you deserve a salary raise 
I know I deserve it , but I can not find a way to talk with boss about this 
You ought to point out how valuable you are , and tell her those people who have the same situation also get the salary raise 
That sounds reasonable 
Remember it is the boss who hires you and tell her how much you have improved the office efficiency 
That's a point . It seems a little complicated . I will think about this for a while . I owe you one . After all , you give me an inspiration 
Forget it . Good luck . I hope you can make it 
Is this supply 
Yeah . This is supply . What can I do for you 
This is Rachel in Human Resources . I need two boxes of company letterhead , one box of ball-point pens , and a box of envelopes 
All right . No problem . What ’ s your extension 
Have you heard that Mel Gibson was arrested by the police last week 
No , not yet . Why 
For suspicion of driving under influence 
Oh . I am not his fan 
Finding an excuse is obviously down your alley . And trying to avoid taking care of the children is what you are good at 
Listen , Nancy . If I don't work hard , I will be laid off 
You are passing the buck . I'll be hanged if I ask you to go to the park with us 
Come on , Nancy . Play it cool . I go with you and burn the middle night oil tonight 
I'll help you with your homework 
I appreciate that 
Hey Lydia , what are you reading 
I ’ m looking at my horoscope for this month ! My outlook is very positive . It says that I should take a vacation to someplace exotic , and that I will have a passionate summer fling 
What are you talking about ? Let me see that ... What are horoscopes 
It ’ s a prediction of your month , based on your zodiac sign . You have a different sign for the month and date you were born in . I was born on April 15th , so I ’ m an Aries . When were you born 
January 5th 
Let ’ s see . . . you ’ re a Capricorn . It says that you will be feeling stress at work , but you could see new , exciting developments in your love life . Looks like we ’ ll both have interesting summers 
That ’ s bogus . I don't feel any stress at work , and my love life is practically nonexistent . This zodiac stuff is all a bunch of nonsense 
No , it ’ s not , your astrology sign can tell you a lot about your personality . See ? It says that an Aries is energetic and loves to socialize 
Well , you certainly match those criteria , but they ’ re so broad they could apply to anyone . What does it say about me 
A Capricorn is serious-minded and practical . She likes to do things in conventional ways . That sounds just like you 
I have been thinking of buying a house and would like to speak with you 
I have time to speak with you . Where would you like to purchase your house 
I am most interested in Pasadena or Arcadia , but would be open to other suggestions 
How many bedrooms and bathrooms do you need 
We have several generations of family living in our household and so need a very large home 
Do you need to be located in a particular school district 
It doesn ’ t matter , as we do not have any children 
Is a view important to you , or would you rather be located on a lakeshore lot 
In a perfect world , we would like a home with a view of the lake 
Thank you for all of the information . I will help you find the perfect house for you 
Hello . Can I speak to Anne 
Who ’ s calling 
It ’ s Mike , her boyfriend 
Hold on , I ’ ll get her 
Thanks a lot 
Actually , you can take advantage of our " New Millennium Woman " promotion 
Does that include some kind of " Love , Amy Card " 
Yes . If your " Love , Amy " purchases amount to 10,000 NT or more , you get a V . I . P . card and a 20 percent discount 
Mmmm ... I'll have to think about it 
OK . Just think for a bit . I'll go help another customer . I'll be right back 
Who ate the cookies that were sitting here 
I did , Mom 
Shame on you . I was saving them for your brother 
This is just for you . Cheers ! Bottoms up 
En ... it tastes good . I appreciate what you have done for me 
I want to redo this poster , but John and Mary think it's good enough as it is 
I'm on your side . It needs to be done over 
Do you have a copy of our service contract with Telecoms ? I'm not happy with their response time and I'd like to check the terms and conditions of the contract 
Sure . I've got a copy here . It's due for renewal at the end of next month . We've still got time to look for another supplier if you're not happy 
Is this the first time you've come to our city , Mr . Ross 
Correct . I have expected to visit here for a long time . So fortunate for me , I can realize this expectation and meet you , Arden , and your kind-hearted staff in your company 
I am so honored to hear that . Well , after staying here for several days , you must have some ideas about our company . We have been in the clothes field for many years , and yours brand is also well-known in the country . How about our cooperation 
That is one of reasons why I am here now . I am really willing to have some cooperation with your company 
We intend to establish business relationship with your company on the basis of equality and mutual benefit 
Please bring your baggage here for inspection 
Here you are , officer 
Is all your baggage here 
Yes , a camera bag , a travel bag and a suitcase 
Have you got anything to declare 
No . I have only personal effects 
What ’ s up 
I guess there is some kind of virus seeking into my computer , I can ’ t send out this e-mail . Do you have the number of the text port 
Do you mind I have a look at your computer 
Of course not , I appreciate that 
Well , it has nothing to do with virus . The problem is your attachment is a bit larger . It has exceeded the e-mail capacity 
I see . What can I do now 
You can send a compressed one 
Good morning . This is Dr . Mustn ’ s Office . Can I help you 
Yes . This is Janet Smith . I ’ d like to make an appointment with Dr . Mustn as soon as possible 
Is it urgent ( an emergency ) 
Yes . I ’ Ve got an infected wound 
How about this afternoon at 2:00 
That ’ s fine 
Don ’ t forget to bring your health card with you 
I ’ ll bring the card . Thank you very much 
You ’ re welcome 
Do you like Barry 
No , not very much . He's too ambitious and dishonest 
I agree . I like his brother Paul . They are not alike 
Yes . They are completely different . Paul is very sociable and much more honest than his brother 
What kind of person do you consider yourself to be 
I think I'm polite , careful , relaxed and shy 
Oh , I don't think you're shy ! You are always chatting with new people when we go to a party 
Well . Yes , but those people always start talking to me . I never talk to them first.Perhaps I'm not as shy as I think . Anyway , you're certainly not shy 
You're right . I love going out and making new friends 
So , you'll be at my birthday party on Friday 
Of course 
Are you sure Lucy has it bad for you ? If she does , she will certainly bend over backwards for you . But if she doesn't , it would be a job to change her 
I don't know whether she has it bad for me , but she enjoys being with me 
And do you really love her 
I think I do . I don't think I can be happier with another girl 
I have to miss school next week 
Isn't there some way you could work your schedule out to be here 
Unfortunately , this is what I have to do 
How are you going to catch up 
I've got it all covered 
If you miss this class , you will have used up your quota for the semester 
Don't worry , this will be the last class I miss 
Make sure to remind me right before you are absent 
I'll remember 
Enjoy your day off and don't forget to study 
I'm phoning about the factory visit next Friday . What should I do when I arrive 
Park in the visitors ' car park in front of the factory and then go to the gatehouse . It's directly opposite the entrance to the car park . The Security people will sign you in and give you a visitor's badge . My assistant will come down to meet you 
OK , thanks . Look forward to seeing you on Friday , then 
What's your name 
My name is Sam 
How are you , Sam 
I'm fine . Thank you 
Where are you from , Sam 
I'm from England 
What is your job 
I'm a bank manager 
Are you an outgoing person , or more reserved 
I wouldn't call myself outgoing . I used to be very shy when I was little , and it seems that I get a little more relaxed a-round people year after year , and have more fun in groups 
Are you more of a follower or a leader 
I don't try to get in front of people and lead them , particularly . I'd rather cooperate with everybody else , and get the job done by working together 
What basic principles do you apply to your life 
Not to put off till tomorrow what you can do today . I've found out that time and money get away very easily — you think you have them , and they're gone ! Putting things off just makes it worse later , so even if it's hard at the time , I try to get things done that day and not let them go 
That was really a nightmare 
Honey , what's up 
I was stuck between 15th and 16th floors in the elevator 
Oh , really ? I know that telephone signal must have been shielded in the elevator shaft , so what did you do then 
I pressed the emergency button ! And then I stayed in the elevator waiting for the rescue 
Did you panic at the time 
A little bit , but I know that the elevator isn't enclosed . at least I wouldn't be smothered there 
Was there anyone else with you 
Of course , there are 6 other people in the elevator ; they were so scared that someone even started crying 
So you mean that you were the only brave one there 
Yes . I have to call the property management 
For what ? Complaining about what happened in the elevator 
Yes . They should check the elevator regularly . I have to give them something to remember about , and they should also equip fire extinguishers in the building 
That was just an accident . you are worried too much about it . I think the property management will check the elevator and improve their service from now on 
I know what you mean , but I'd better remind them again , and also remind them to repair the button in the elevator for the disabled people . That has brought the disabled people lots of inconvenience 
I ’ m so surprised to meet you in this remote village . Long time no see 
Yeah . How are you these days 
Has the chief accepted our plan 
Not yet . I guess we should send Jim along to talk to the chief since he is such an apple polisher . I am sure he can help 
Let ’ s have a try 
Guess what ? Paul and Susan are engaged 
Really ? When did that happen 
A week ago ? They met last summer and now just sink . They will be married soon 
Have they set a date for the wedding 
No , not yet . But Susan says they ’ d like to get married in November or December . Then they ’ ll go to Hawaii for their honeymoon 
The weather is terrible 
Yeah . It's been raining a lot these days 
I have been watching a lot of videos at home because of the constant rain 
Have you heard when it's supposed to get better 
I saw the weather report , and it's going to rain for the next eight days 
That sucks so much . What are we going to do 
I'm getting pretty bored . We should do something despite the rain 
I'm with you . What do you have in mind 
I haven't been to the Mall in a long time . Let's go there 
That sounds good . They have a movie theatre there , so if we get bored , we can watch a movie 
Great . I'll stop by your place now 
Ok . Don't forget to bring your umbrella . The rain can start up again anytime 
Could you come and help me mend the computer , Neel 
What's wrong with it 
I can't log on the internet again 
Let me see . Did you change anything on your computer 
No , never 
What kind of anti-virus software do you use 
I don't have this kind of software 
Are you riding ? You have to install an anti-virus software on your computer . If not , you will be attacked by viruses , and it can lead your computer into failure 
Don ’ t be worried . Please sit down and take it easy 
How could I feel easy ? I ’ m really pissed 
But you should avoid finger-pointing when you haven ’ t got the real facts 
Ok . I ’ ll try my best to calm down first 
OK.sir . Your room is done . Is there anything else I can do for you 
Would you please help me send these clothes to the laundry 
OK.sir 
When will they be ready 
All the laundry will be ready by 5
That's fine.Thank you 
Rob lost his bike 
What an idiot 
What would you like to order 
I would like to have a hamburger 
Did you want it with cheese 
I don't want cheese on it 
Did you want anything to drink 
I think I'm going to get a soda today 
What kind of soda can I get you 
A Sprite sounds good 
What else would you like 
Let me get a bag of chips too 
Anything else 
That's all 
Can I help you 
Yes , my brakes are not working well 
What's wrong with them 
I hear a noise and feel vibrations when step on the brake 
The front brake 
I think so 
What kind of car is it 
Toyota Corolla 2002 
Write down your name and address , give me the key , and I will check it out 
Do you charge for checking it out 
No 
How long is it going to take 
About half an hour 
I'll wait 
I heard a rumor this morning ... It seems Trusten Tools is going out of business.Another competitor is going bankrupt.That could be good news for us 
I think you must have heard wrong.The truth is we are going to be taken over by Trusten.We are being bought out , and our company will be merging with our largest competitor.It ' s not good news at all ..
What ? We are merging with Trusten ? I never thought that would happen.Will we be getting new owners ? Will it affect our jobs 
Probably.The new owners will be coming to start alignment meetings nextweek.One of the big question is what to call the new conglomerate company 
Wow , with such a big change.We won't have the same name 
It's not only the name of our company that will change ... I expect that after this acquisition , there'll be a ton of things up in the air 
Good morning , Kate . Long time no see 
Good morning , Vera , Nice to meet you 
Kate , I know you ’ Ve been a stewardess for more than one year . And I ’ ll have an interview on stewardess tomorrow . Can you tell me some etiquette about the interview 
Of course . First you should do up your long hair and do make up but not too thick 
Is there anything else I should pay attention to 
Yes , when you attend the interview , you should pay attention to your manner , style of conversation and expression . You should keep smiling always , being polite when you talk with the interviewer . Don't move from time to time when you sit there . And you also should know how to use eye contact 
Thank you , I've learned so much from you 
That ’ s all right . Hope you can do better tomorrow 
I'm glad we live in a small town 
Why 
Because the houses look so nice at Christmas time 
Yes , they do . Do you have a Christmas tree this year 
Yes , we have a big tree this year . I bought the decorations at the five-and-tencent store yesterday . Do you want to come and see it 
I can't now because I have to buy a present for my mother 
When can you come 
I don't know when I can come . I'll let you know later 
Hello . I am Bili and I made an appointment with you to see the house 
Glad to meet you . This way , please 
The house is a little too old 
But it's quite convenient for you to go to any part of the city . The subway is nearby 
Yes . That's why I like the house 
Hi , Sally ! You are talking to the proud father of a new baby girl 
Congratulations , Bob ! That ’ s great news , what ’ s her name 
We ’ Ve named her Alice after my wife ’ s grandmother 
That ’ s a pretty name . Give your wife my best 
Guess what ? I won the speech contest at my school 
Wow , that's great 
How do you feel about wearing name logos or slogans on your clothing 
I've never really thought about it before . I guess it doesn't bother me 
Do you think advertising has an influence on the choices you make when you're shopping 
I guess so . I usually buy name-brand clothing , shoes , and electronic goods . How about you 
I actually try to avoid name-brand items . I can't stand it when big companies advertise their products all over the place 
I know that advertisers are experts at persuading people to spend their money , I think brilliant items are usually higher quality than ~ grounds 
I think is sensible to buy products that is high quality than others when you want to buy something that's going to last a long time , but I don't think it always makes sense 
Do you have a brand preference for anything 
I do for shower items like shower gel and shampoo , but I don't for higher-end items 
What do you think about the " impossible is nothing " billboard on the high street 
It's just a slogan for a famous company ; there's nothing really special about it 
I think it's a brilliant advert ! It really grabs my attention 
To each their own 
This apartment is wonderful 
I ’ m glad you like it 
How much would I have to pay for rent 
The rent is $ 1050 each month 
That ’ s way too much money 
It isn ’ t too much 
How about if I pay $ 850 
I can ’ t take that 
I can ’ t go any higher than $ 850 
I honestly don ’ t know what else to tell you 
You can ’ t go any lower than that 
If you can ’ t afford $ 1050 , then we have no deal 
Excuse me , sir , Is this the road to the peace Store 
You could get there this way , but it'd be faster to go along the Wort Street 
Where's Wort Street , please 
Turn right at the third intersection , you'll see the street and then walk along the street to the south 
How far is it from the Wort Street 
Just walk for a few minutes , you'll find it 
Thank you very much 
Will you be okay when you immigrate to America 
Sure , I'm looking forward to it 
What about your parents 
I'll get used to not seeing my parents 
There're traffic jam everywhere this hour of the day 
I think something must be done 
Yeah , we should have more roads built 
I would like to open a checking account at this branch 
Do you have any other accounts with this bank 
I do , at a different location , I have a savings account and a CD 
In that case , we will need to fill out this paperwork . Do you have identification with you 
Here is my driver's license . Will that work 
Yes . Do you know what type of checking account you would like to open , business or personal 
Business please . And I want the most simple one you have 
Then you would like the ' no frills ' business account 
Hey , what are you doing here 
I'm just shopping 
What are you shopping for 
Some new clothes . How about you 
Same here 
Have you found anything nice yet 
I found a few pairs of pants 
Where'd you get those 
I found them at Pennies 
Those are really cute 
Do you want me to show you where I found them 
I would like that . Thank you 
Hi , Jack , we are having a party tonight , wanna coming enjoy us ? You can bring your girlfriend , Tina 
I don't have a girlfriend . I'm single 
Oh , that's right . Well , there are going to be many beautiful girls at the party tonight , anyway 
No , I like being single . I never thought lonely , I'm focus on my career . Maybe I'll start to look for my girl when I achieve success 
Why is that 
Because I'm living a real world , a man enriched have a good career and make a lot of money . Franklin speaking the girls I've met wounldn't married a man wounldn't make enough money 
I agree , a man needs good career.But that doesn't mean he should have a little fun , too 
Good evening . This is Peter in Room 310 
Good evening . May I help you 
I'm going to Beijing early tomorrow morning . And I'd like to request an early morning call . Will that give you much trouble 
Oh , no , never . What's the exact time you'd like us to call you tomorrow morning 
Well , my train is due to take off at 7:25 a . m . I've no idea how long it'll take to drive to the railway station 
It won't take long . 20 minutes is enough . Is that OK if I call you at 6:30 a . m . 
OK , thank you 
It's a pleasure . Good night . Have a good sleep 
I have to use the ATM 
Is there a problem 
I don ’ t know how to use it 
What are you talking about 
I have never used an ATM before 
I can show you how to use it 
How do I use it 
You need to push your card into the machine 
What ’ s next 
Enter your PIN 
What else do I have to do 
Every option you can choose will appear on the screen . That ’ s about it 
I'm not really accustomed to the style of the new boss 
It'll take us all some time to get used to the change 
Hello ! Can I help you 
Today is my wife's birthday , so I want to buy a bouquet for her 
What kind of flowers do you want 
I have no idea 
How about rose ? It's the most suitable one for lovers 
But rose is too common 
Well , what about violet ? It means the eternal beauty 
It looks good . Pack me a bouquet of violet , please 
what are you doing 
I'm just trying to complete today's crossword puzzle . Whenever I get the time , I like to do the crossword puzzles in the paper 
you really like brains that make you think , don't you 
I guess you could say that . What kind of games do you like 
I guess the games I like the most are the ones that I'm good at 
doesn't everyone ? Which games are those 
well , I like to play darts . Whenever I go to a bar , I usually play for a few hours 
did you play a lot of games when you were little 
my parents used to love to play checkers and dominoes . We used to have family tournaments every weekend 
do you still like playing those games 
not at all . I never really did , to be honest . What about you ? Did your family used to play games together 
everyone in my family really enjoys playing card games 
some of my friends play cards on the internet . Have you ever tried that 
no , I prefer to play with people I know 
how about mah-jong 
it's a popular game with some people , but I've never played it 
I thought everyone in your country were experts at mah-jong 
I hate to disappoint you , but unlike what most people think , we aren't all exactly the same 
My name is Steven Smith and I'm calling to cancel my plane ticket 
When was your reservation 
It ’ s 7 p . m . today 
Would you mind telling me the reason 
I need to continue to deal with my business . I haven ’ t finished it yet 
Oh , I see . Would you like me to reschedule you for another time 
No . Thank you 
But you have to pay the fee for refund 
OK . I will pay it by my bank card 
Good afternoon , ABC Incorporated . How many I direct your call 
I would like to speak to Mr . Miles 
I am sorry , sir . He isn't in right now . Would you like to leave a message 
Yes . Can you tell him Bob White called 
And your company name , please 
He knows who I am 
Is there a telephone number where you can be reached 
I can be reached at 544-879-9087 until 5 p . m . today 
Thank you , sir . I'll tell him you called 
Thank you 
Taxi 
Yes , sir . Where to 
Wangfujing , please 
All right 
Oh , I like the music on your radio . It's nice 
Thank you ! I always tune to this program when driving . So what's your favorite program 
I like Winner's English very mush . You know the Beijing Olympic Games is right around the corner . We should learn English Well . It's on FM 96.6 , China Business Radio . You can get it on your radio too 
But I don't speak English at all 
That's OK . The program is especially for the beginners like us 
Really ? When is it on 
It begins at 6:40 every morning , and it goes for 20 minutes 
Thank you so much . I'll try and catch that 
The radio has brought us lots of convenience 
Yes , I can also learn about the traffic condition through it 
With the development of the society and technology , radio is nearly everywhere 
So we should take the advantage of it 
Can I help you 
Yes . I'd like this shirt to be dry-cleaned 
Sure . When do you want to get it back 
I have to wear it this afternoon . Do you have a urgent service 
Yes , but we charge 50 % more and it only takes 3 hours 
OK . How much should I pay 
30 yuan 
The environment varies greatly because of difference in language , customs and traditions 
Yes . This gap can be filled by export market research before exporting 
But the importance of the export research is often neglected by the managers 
That's right . They do not appreciate its value and consider it to be a luxury 
Therefore , when enterprises are spending a lot of money in trying to penetrate a new market , they should research whether their products can be sold at high enough a price and in a satisfactory amount 
Exactly 
Actually the general manager is regarded as a baby doll . He has much sympathy 
That's right . And his wife is a baby doll , too . She used to have many followers 
Were you one of them 
Nothing of the sort . I can't hold a candle to her 
Have you a wine list 
Yes , the wine list is at the end of the menu 
Oh . I see . Don't you have Mao Tai 
Sorry , sir , but I recommend you Bacardi White . It's quite delitous 
Well , that's fine . Bring us a bottle of that 
Are you ready 
Not yet 
Betty , would you please read this letter of application I've just written ? I'd like to have your opinion 
I'd be glad to tell you what I think 
Good ! I'm interested in your advice 
If I were you , I would change the beginning . You should write about your education first because we like to judge a man by his abilities 
Good idea , Betty . What would you think about the second part 
I think it's too short . You'd better say something about your work experience 
You're right , I'll change it . How about the last part 
Very good . But you should talk about your family , too 
I agree . I appreciate your helping me 
Excuse me , sir . My baggage is badly damaged 
I am sorry to hear that . You have to fill out a claim form 
Where can I get it 
Here you are 
The performance is amazing . I'm curious about how they did it . I mean the way they sing 
They must have practiced a lot . The perseverance has made them they are today 
So cool . Someone gave me this flier at the exit . What's it about 
Let me have a look . Well , it lists some shows that will be on next week 
Oh , tell me about it . Anything interesting 
Hmm ... Oh , this one , ' The Drunken Beauty ' . This is a real classic 
' The Drunken Beauty ' ? It's funny that we have ' Sleeping Beauty ' in my country . Anyway , what's it about ? Is the beauty a drunkard 
Of course not . She was said to be the most beautiful woman in her time and that made her become the queen . They play was famous for its singing and dancing 
Sure , people do that when they are drunk . What about the actress 
She is an opera star in China . Her teacher's teacher is Mei Landfang 
Oh , I've heard about him before . He even created a special dance of sleeve shaking 
You are such an expert on it . I don't know that 
You know , interest is the best teacher 
So , want me to book the tickets again 
Please do that . I can't wait to come back again . The performance must be really amazing 
We can do that if you like . Maybe next weekend 
That will be great 
Have you ever been to any other country 
Pity I haven't . If I can afford it , I'll certainly take a trip abroad 
That's also my dream 
How about going to italy next summer vacation 
Why not 
What's wrong with you , young man 
I've got a headache and a cough 
I see . You've got a cold 
What should I do , doctor 
Take this medicine three times a day 
Yes 
Drink a lot of water and have a good rest . You'll be well soon 
Thank you 
His grandfather is the richest person in the area 
What a miser ! He cycles to school every day 
His grandfather's money is not his 
I can't understand him anyway 
How's your father been 
He's been out of work for a couple of days 
What's wrong with him 
He has a bad cold 
Well , tell him to take it easy and that I hope he feels better 
Thanks . I'll tell him 
Do you have any particular hobbies , Tom 
Oh , yes . I love playing badminton , table tennis and computer games . And playing the games has become my favorite 
I hear many teenagers will spend hours and hours sitting at computers . And they don't care about their own health at all . How about you 
I'm no better than them . They say it's mindless to sit in front of a machine all the time , but I think it's stimulating 
You won't play online games full of violence , will you 
Once in a while 
It's no good . And I think spending several hours each day playing computer games is a waste of time . You might as well do something healthy and meaningful 
I hope I can practice self-control again 
What date will our field trip be on 
The science field trip is next Monday at 8 o'clock in the morning . Do you want to make note of that on your calendar 
Yes , I will make note of that 
Next Monday is December 2nd . The buses will leave at 8 , but we must begin loading at 7
I will be there half an hour early 
You might want to tell whoever is picking you up that you will return on December 8th . Do you have a ride 
Yes , someone is picking me up 
To get back to campus by 8
Not at the moment — maybe later , though 
All of the extra information that you need is on the bulletin board in the hallway . See you on Monday 
Well , if it isn't the teacher's pet 
Stop it . Teacher doesn't treat me any different than she does everyone else 
You can't prove that by me . I saw the score on your report 
Hey , I worked hard on that report and I deserve the grade I got 
It just happened to be the highest grade in the class 
You're just jealous because you didn't do as well as you thought you did . Admit it 
I worked hard too . But she always gives me a lower grade 
If you think that she is not fair with your work then you should talk to her in person instead of stewing over it 
How about a movie tonight 
It doesn ’ t matter to me 
Does 7 o'clock suit you 
Either way . I don ’ t care 
How about a snack after work 
I couldn ’ t careless 
Would you rather stay home 
Whatever you say 
Are you really interested in doing something 
I don ’ t mind if you want to 
Mrs . Phoebe , here are your ordered goods . Please inspect the goods now 
All right . Let me have a check . Can you tell me how can you inspect your exported goods 
Our quality control department is in charge of the inspection , which is directly under general manager . It is essential to attach the importance to the quality of goods . It is the basement for the future cooperation 
That is good . And here I give you a piece of advice . You should have used stronger cardboard boxes for such a heavy item . Besides , it's better to secure the cartons with metal straps . What's more , the order number wasn't anywhere on some of the boxes 
I realize that now . I will do that after a while 
Thank you . Can I open the packages to check the color and style 
Of course , let me help you 
The color and style are consistent with the sample . Great 
You know , we are superior to other clothes companies 
Yes , that's for sure . There is nothing wrong with the quality . I think you'd better pack them first in plastic bags , than in cartons 
OK . We will manage it later 
My father ’ s angry face always makes my blood run cold 
You mean that he is bad-tempered and often gets angry with you 
Not often . Just when I make mistakes 
Do you like the cookies 
I finished them in no time 
Glad you like it 
Mum , when will we have them again 
Are you excited about your trip next month 
Yes and no . I can ' t wait to go to Europe , but at the same time I am terrified 
Why 
Well , I have acrophobia . I have a chronic fear of flying 
Oh really ? I have an uncle who is also terrified of flying . It ' s not that bad though , I mean , it is pretty scary to be in this big machine flying through the air at seven hundred miles per hour . I actually have arachnophobia 
You ' re scared of spiders ? I actually have two more phobias . Acrophobia and glossophobia 
I guess that explains why you are afraid of flying , but public speaking is not that bad 
Are you kidding ? When I get on stage , my palms start to sweat , I get really nervous and I can hardly speak 
Well , I must confess I am a bit claustrophobic . I hate being in an elevator for more than 5 seconds 
We are such weirdos right 
Would you like to go skating with me this afternoon 
Oh , I'd love to . But we're going to clean our dormitory . I can't be absent 
Maybe another time . People say that boys ' dormitories are in a mess , is it true 
In fact , our dormitory is much worse than they can be described 
It's hard for me to imagine . How can you stand that 
You'll get used to it gradually 
Oh my God , don't you know that such living environment is not healthy 
Yes , we do . That's why we have a cleaning every three months 
Three months ? Incredible 
Is there anything I can do for you 
Yes . I have reserved a table for 2 at 7:30 . My name is Bob 
Yes , sir . Is there anything wrong 
Three of our friends will join us so can you seat 5 people at that time 
No problem , sir . We will arrange you a table for 5 
Thank you 
Doctor , what are some things I can do to stay as healthy as I can be 
You need to eat healthy foods and avoid unhealthy foods 
Sometimes I don ’ t know what the best foods are 
Fresh fruits and vegetables are important , along with protein and whole grains 
What things should I avoid 
You don ’ t want to eat food that is high in fat . You need to avoid caffeine and sugar 
Beyond diet , what else can I do to be healthy 
Getting 30 minutes of exercise a day is important . If you smoke , you need to stop 
How about having a beer on the weekend 
Less than a serving of alcohol a day can actually be good for you . Do not overdo it 
I want to buy a rain coat . Could you please show me one 
With pleasure . What color do you like 
I like yellow best . How much does it cost 
It costs 275 yuan , Miss 
It's nice , but that's very steep for a rain coat . Could you give me a 20 percent discount 
Sorry , we don't give discounts 
In that case , I don't think I'll buy one here 
Want to join me for a midnight snack ? I need to grab something to eat 
Fine with me , but no more chafing dish 
Let's go to the food stall . There's a good one just around the corner 
I'd love to try some snacks 
( Later .. ) Everything looks tempting . What do you want to have 
Kebabs and roast squid 
Can I have a bite 
Help yourself 
Super 
You look happy 
I am happy . I just bought a new car 
Wow ! Is it a good car 
It ’ s a great car . It ’ s very comfortable and it goes really fast 
Was it expensive 
Put it this way – it wasn ’ t cheap 
What colour is it 
It ’ s red and black 
I really love this meal 
Thanks . I was hoping that you would all enjoy this meal 
Where did you learn to cook these amazing dishes 
I got a really wonderful cookbook for my birthday and decided to try out a few of the recipes 
The chicken is out of this world 
I love that dish as well . It is coconut chicken with rice 
I was wondering if there was shrimp in the soup 
Yes , that soup has a shrimp base . I also added sea vegetables and lemon grass 
It worked out well that the wine that I brought to share seems to blend well with this meal 
I love this wine ! It goes very well with the chicken 
Madam , is everything set up for your trip 
Not yet . I seem to move my house to that place . You don't know how tight the schedule is for this trip 
You will be busier , right 
Correct ! I have three-day visit to Shanghai on December 10th 
That will be gorgeous 
I would like a single room with a bath for two nights . Can you help me to reserve a hotel room for me 
Yes , Madam 
What shall we do after the volleyball match 
How about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look ? I remember there is one in the gym 
That's a good idea . I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family 
Me , too . What did you have in mind 
I haven't decided yet , but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must 
I agree . They're very lovely , especially Huanhuan
Is that the red one ? That is my favorite , too . Do you know how much they are 
The five dolls are sold together as a set , and they're priced according to the size . The bigger they are the more expensive 
Oh , I see . If I buy more than a set , can I get any discount 
I don't think so . All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now 
Any other ideas 
There are lots of things , such as postcards , key chains , posters and various arts and crafts 
It all sounds great . We can go there after the match . I can't wait to see what they have 
I usually get a lot of information on the computer and use E-mail to send messages to my friends 
Me too.Recently , I'm fascinated with net-chat . I've made many friends on the net.Every day I talk to them and share many interesting things with them . I really enjoy it 
Don't you think it ' s a sheer waste of both time and money 
I'm afraid not . Every coin has two sides . I think using internet has a great deal to do with human interaction 
Catherine , have you ever seen the movie Fast Food Nation 
Yes , I remember it was inspired by a New York Times best-seller of the same name 
It's very thought-provoking , isn't it 
Exactly . It reveals the dark side of the all-American meal 
So what do you think of the American fast food culture 
I think America really deserves the name of " fast food nation - as people can find McDonald ' s , KFC and Pizza Hut almost all over the States 
And everyone knows that Americans ' favorite food is the hamburger , isn't it 
Sure . You see , Tom , fast food is a lifestyle that craves convenience . People just don't care whether it is healthy or not 
But I think some healthy menu options are also served at fast food restaurants .
What are they 
Such as fat-free milk , whole-wheat rolls and fish sandwich 
They're much better
But I'm not sure if they're well-rcceived 
That's the point . People usually don't have much time to think about it when they have a on-the-go meal 
Well , Americans may need to find a way to make the most of their fast foods 
I suppose so 
Okay , I want to change 22,000 
Could you please fill out this form 
Okay , here you are . ( She hands the completed form and the money to the clerk . 
Here's your $ 200 
Thank you very much 
Thank you 
Oh , there is something wrong with my car 
Your car is rather old . Why not change a new one 
I want to change a new car . I like Honda best , especially the red one . But it is too expensive 
Oh , there is a car exhibition tomorrow afternoon . I have two tickets . Would you like to go there with me 
Yeah . Maybe I can find my favorite car in addition to Honda 
And the bank will offer you loans for twenty years 
Jane , we are going to have a board meeting next Friday . Will you please arrange it for me 
Certainly , Mr . Robert . But can I have your plan 
Sure . Actually it's a routine board meeting . The things to be discussed are all written here 
Very good . May I keep it ? I need it to draw up a notice of the meeting and the agenda 
Go ahead . It's for your reference . While you are at it , make me a special agenda and don't forget to have enough room at the side for notes 
You mean you need a more detailed agenda for yourself 
Exactly . As I am supposed to the chair of the meeting , I don't want it to get out of control 
I see . Ok , then where do you think we will have the meeting 
The conference room on the second floor , is that ok 
Yes , I will see that the room is ready by Friday . And I will check there are enough chairs , and the lighting and air-conditioning are all right 
Good , and please get some water , glasses and ash tray ready as well 
Sure , I will . What about the minutes ? Do you think I am responsible for that too 
Definitely . The minutes have to be taken accurately 
But I am not familiar with the members of the board 
Oh , that's easy . I will write you a list of their names . You can make a seating plan with the names and give each one a number 
That's a good idea . All right , I ’ ll withdraw and get down to it if you don't mind 
You don ’ t look like enjoying this workout 
I ’ m not crazy about it at all 
You don ’ t like this sort of exercise 
I ’ m not interested in it . Are you keen on it 
Yes , that ’ s funny . I thought you liked it 
I hate it 
Never mind . It ’ ll be over in 10 minutes 
It ’ s the worst thing I ’ Ve ever tried 
I am trying to decide what school to apply to 
Are you thinking about a public school or a private one 
I am not sure . What's the difference between them 
Public schools are usually state funded , whereas private schools usually get their funding elsewhere 
Which is better 
One isn ’ t necessarily better than the other . It depends a lot on the school administration and the teachers 
I hear you have to wear uniforms at private school 
Yes , sometimes 
Why weren't you at school yesterday 
I wasn't feeling really well 
What was wrong with you 
My stomach was upset 
Do you feel better now 
I don't really feel too well yet 
Do you want anything to make you feel better 
No , thanks . I already took some medicine 
I hope you feel better 
Thank you 
Is that pesky lady coming to the office again 
Yeah , I'm afraid so 
If there's one thing that bugs me , it's her critical attitude 
Yes , it is annoying 
I had a look yesterday . I found some exhibits are fine in quality and beautiful in design . The exhibition has successfully displayed to me what your corporation handles . I have gone over the catalogue and the pamphlets enclosed in your last letter . I have got some idea of your exports . I am interested in your silk blouses 
Our silks are known for their quality . They are one of our traditional exports . Silk blouses are brightly colored and beautifully designed . They are greatly favored overseas and are always in great demand 
Some of them are of the latest style . Now I have a feeling that we can do a lot of trade in this line . We wish to establish business relationship with you 
Your desire coincides with ours 
Concerning our financial position , credit standing and trade reputation , you may refer to our bank.or to our local chamber of commerce or inquiry agencies 
Thank you for your information . As you know , our corporation is a state-operated one . We always trade with foreign countries on the basis of equality and mutual benefit . I have no doubt that it will bring about benefit between us 
That sounds interesting ! I'll send a fax . As soon as I receive the definite answer , I'll give you a special answer 
We will make an offer as soon as possible . I hope a lot of business will be put through between us 
So do I 
I hope everything will be smooth 
That is what I want to say 
I will give you the lowest price in the future 
Thank you 
Did you watch the volleyball match last night 
Yeah 
Who won 
China 
What is the score 
China beat Brazil three to zero 
Wonderful 
OK , so now the last point on our agenda . Jill , let's go over the profit and loss statement 
Great . Well , the main issue here , as you can see , is that our expenses are through the roof 
Let ’ s see ... These numbers are off the charts ! What's going on here 
Well , um , sir , the company expenditures on entertainment and travel are out of control . Look at these bills for example . Just this month we ’ Ve paid over twenty thousand dollars for hotel charges 
OK , thank you . I ’ ll look into it 
The list goes on and on . Here , this is a bill for five thousand dollars for spa treatments 
Thank you.that will be all . I ’ ll take care of it 
Look at this one sir , eight thousand dollars were spent in one night at a place calledWild Things ? 
OK , I get it ! ! Thank you for your very thorough analysis 
Susan has been down recently . I saw her this morning , she looked terrible 
You have any idea why 
She broke up with her boyfriend 
I heard her boyfriend is married 
She still loves him . That's why she feels upset . Her love is always hard and confusing ..
Then what about you ? How are you getting on with your boyfriend 
He sometimes really drives me crazy 
hey , Jimmy , you've been sitting in front of the TV all day . Anything interesting on TV 
not really . Quite boring right now , actually . Mostly infomercials and public service announcements 
why don't you turn off the TV and get outside ? You need to get some fresh air 
I know , I know.But my favorite show is on in a couple of minutes . It's the series finals , and I wouldn't miss it for the world 
Really ? What's the series about 
well , it's about how an immigrant girl achieve her dream in America . It's a sitcom but really quite smart and really funny . I think you'd like it 
it sounds interesting , but I am not a big fan of TV shows . They're time consuming and don't have much depth 
I believe some shows are quite informative and interesting . Take this show for example , it examines American xenophobia and how it might conflict with the American dream , with hilarious results 
really ? that's interesting 
yeah.Oh , here it comes ! why don't we watch it together ? they are going to have a court debate in this episode . It should be good 
OK , I'll give it a go 
OK , sir . Your suit will be available in five days 
Thank you . Do I have to pay in advance 
Yes , you should pay half of the cost in advance 
Here you are 
I wonder what we should have for dinner this evening 
Are you asking me 
Yes , I am . I really don ’ t feel much like cooking but the family must eat 
Well , you know me . I can always eat pizza or Spagetti 
So I've noticed . You are putting on a little weight , aren ’ t you 
I know , don ’ t remind me . I ’ m starting a new diet the day after tomorrow 
It ’ s about time 
My battery's flat in my mobile 
Is that why you didn't return my call 
And I couldn't find another phone 
That's okay 
Have you every belonged to a political party 
No , I haven ’ t , but I thought about joining the green party 
Really ? I know you are very concerned about the environment . You were a member of the pressure group Greenpeace , weren ’ t you 
Yes . I was . But I didn ’ t have enough time to devote to it 
The green party have no chance of winning an election . The other parties are too big and popular 
You ’ re right . But smaller political and pressure groups can often influence large political parties . Any member of parliament can propose legislation and parties and pressure groups can raise awareness
Most people are not very politically aware . They often don ’ t understand the issues fully 
That ’ s true . But it ’ s a little strange because the media often reports on political events . You can read about them in newspaper or hear them on tv 
Let's eat out 
Good idea 
Yeah . You don't need to rub it in 
And then she made the deal with MicroPower . Vince wanted to sell for fifteen million ..
Fifteen ? And Zina pushed them up to seventy-five 
That's right . Vince still stops by her office every day to thank her 
Anyway , I'm still happy I left . I'm working as a freelancer now 
You really should have stayed with us , Dave 
Have you ever shopped at Whole Foods market 
Nope . How's the food there 
It's very good , and it's fresh too 
I do my shopping at Sons 
I shopped there before too , but the food is better at Whole Foods 
What's wrong with Sons 
Their range of organic foods is very limited 
Whole Foods has a lot of organic foods 
Yeah , the food there is very healthy 
I've never been , but I may start shopping there 
The food there is a great step up from Sons 
Thanks for letting me know 
Do you carry black ink 
The ink should be next to the paper clips and thumb tacks in the stationary section , sir 
I've looked for , but I didn't see any black ink 
Then I'm afraid there's none in stock 
Well , I'll settle for blue-black . I'll also take a dozen airmail envelopes 
They come in packages of ten or twenty 
Give me a package of twenty , then . And where do I find shoelaces 
On counter three 
Thank you . I never can find my way around this store 
I know . It took me three weeks , and I work here 
Good evening , may I help you 
Yes . I want to reserve a table for two this evening 
I am sorry , madam . All the tables are booked now 
Well . In that case , we will have to go to another restaurant . Thank you all the same 
Would you please bring us the check 
Sure , here you are . It comes to $ 84 
Does that include the service charge 
No . sir , we charge separately 
Here you are . Keep the change 
Many people play sports in China , don't they 
Yes . Table tennis is probably the most popular 
I expect all Chinese can play table tennis 
Most anyway 
Do you like playing table tennis 
Yes , I like . But I can't play it well 
Are indoor sports popular 
Basketball and swimming are very popular 
Really ? I like playing basketball , too 
We can play together if you are free 
That's great 
It is time to butter him up 
What do you have to do to grease the palm of him 
I don ’ t know . Let me see 
You can go and ask your father 
Wow . She can be really nasty , can't she 
No . She was right . I was too nervous . I kept thinking , What if we blow it 
Well , I guess Zina figured you couldn't blow it if you were in the hotel room 
She even stayed at a different hotel . She said I might be contagious 
Well , at least we have Stars.com . That'll be great publicity 
Excuse me , can I have your passport , your immigration form and your Customs Declaration Form , please 
OK . Here you are 
How long will you be staying at Hotel in China 
About three weeks 
And what's the purpose of your visit 
Sightseeing 
And where will you be staying 
At the Friendship Hotel in Beijing 
OK . Could you put your hand baggage on the counter , please ? Do you have any gifts , or food in here 
Yes , I have some fresh apples in my suitcase 
I'm sorry , sir , you can't bring fresh fruit into China . I'm going to have to confiscate these 
Oh , that's too bad 
What are you doing 
I'm surfing the Net 
Do you have anything to wash 
Yes . Here you are 
OK . They will be ready by 7:00
By the way , please have these suits pressed 
Of course , sir . We will press all the clothes when they are cleaned 
You really do a good job 
It's an ugly day today 
I know . I think it may rain 
It's the middle of summer , it shouldn't rain today 
That would be weird 
Yeah , especially since it's ninety degrees outside 
I know , it would be horrible if it rained and it was hot outside 
Yes , it would be 
I really wish it wasn't so hot every day 
Me too . I can't wait until winter 
I like winter too , but sometimes it gets too cold 
I'd rather be cold than hot 
Me too 
Good morning , Mr . Green . Please have a seat . I received your resume last Monday and I would like to say I ’ m very impressed 
Thank you 
May I asked why you are interested in working for us 
Your company has an impressive reputation . My uncle worked for your company for many years 
Oh , did he 
Yes , but he retired 5 years ago 
Would you mind telling me a little bit about your present job 
I ’ m a senior broker in a large company . I deal with clients on a daily basis , handling all aspects of their accounts personally 
Do you think you are the right candidate for this position 
Yes , I do think I am the right candidate for this position 
Why do you think you ’ re the right candidate for this position 
Well , I have a lot of experience in this area . I have all the qualifications you need . I enjoy working with people . In my current job , I ’ m in charge of a team of eight people 
Well , you might be the person we ’ Ve been looking for . Do you have any questions 
Yes , if I were hired , when would you like me to start 
At the end of this month 
And how many accounts would I handle 
You ’ ll be supervising six brokers who manage a combined total of 310 accounts 
What kind of benefit package do you offer 
Two weeks of paid vacation in your first year of employment . You ’ re also eligible for medical and dental insurance . And we offer a generous retirement pension plan after 10 years of service . Do you have any other questions 
No , not at the moment 
Well , I ’ ll have to discuss your application with my colleagues , and we ’ ll get back to you early next week 
Thanks . It was very nice to meet you 
It was nice to meet you , too . And thanks for coming in today 
You know them 
No , but those guys like to hit on me 
How are you doing today 
Great . Thank you 
What can I do for you 
I need to withdraw some money 
How much would you like to take out 
I need to withdraw $ 300 
Which account would you like to take the money from 
I want to take it from my checking account 
Okay , here you go 
Thank you very much 
Can I do anything else for you 
No . That ’ ll be all 
Is there anything I can do for you 
Do you have Chinese medicine here 
Yes.we have herb medicine and ready-made medicine 
Can I have this prescription filled here 
Sorry , sir . The angelica is out of stock now 
Can I help you , sir 
You have so many antiques and Chinese paintings here . May I have a look first 
Of course 
Are they genuine 
Some are genuine . But all our reproductions are clearly marked and priced 
Well , I guess that ’ s about it . Everything ’ s packed and ready to go 
It ’ s hard to believer you ’ re really retiring . What are you going to do with yourself 
Have fun ! I plan to spend some more time with my grandkids , and I might even go back to school 
Well , good luck . Give me a ring sometime , and let me know how you are 
Like to come over to our fancy dress party 
Oh shame ! I have a class tomorrow 
Well , then join us some other time 
Yeah . Thanks . And have fun 
Have we sold out all the newspapers for today 
Yes . What a good job we have done 
Why are so many extra gifts left here 
Many customers didn't want them 
How about giving them to that old man 
Good idea 
By the way , do you think it's a good idea to give free gifts to attract customers 
I'm not sure , but still it did attract a large crowds today 
I think it should be more useful to hand out some fliers which is also cheaper 
But people can just throw them into the trash can as they turn around 
That's true 
Anyway , let's just finish out job and get back home 
Okay . How tiring the job is 
What are your plans for this weekend 
I'd like to hire a bike . I think it would be a good idea to do some cycling on Sunday 
If the weather's fine 
I am sure it will be . It's been good so far this weekend 
I know a good place to hire bikes if you want 
Thanks . That would be really helpful 
But remember , be careful when you ride a bike . The traffic in Beijing can be dangerous 
Excuse me , can you help me ? I would like to change rooms if possible , I couldn ’ t sleep at all last night , because the people in the room next to mine were making a lot of noise , also if at all possible , I ’ d like a room that doesn ’ t overlook the street , between the noisy neighbors and the highway outside , I didn ’ t sleep a wink 
I am so sorry to hear that sir , let me check and see what is available , what room are you in now 
I ’ m on the 6th floor , room 698 , I ’ v had many problems with that room , just this morning , I called someone up to fix the light fixture in the bathroom , it didn ’ t work , and it still doesn ’ t work 
Oh , dear , well , it looks like we have a few rooms available , can I put you into a room on the 17th floor ? It has a balcony and it doesn ’ t face the highway 
Ok , that would be very nice ! What do I need to do to transfer 
Let me check you out of your old room , you have to sign here , and acknowledge these changes and also the charges to your previous room . Then I can hook you right up to room 1780 
Mmm , I don ’ t think the charges are right , can you explain them please 
Lisa , can I call Taiwan 
Are you homesick 
I miss my parents 
Don't worry about the bill . Just call 
Can you show me how to make an overseas call 
Of course . First dial the code 011 to get an international line . Then you dial Taiwan's country code
That's 886 
Now you should know the rest . Don't forget to dial Taipei's city code 
In my opinion , it may be necessary to charge for participation 
I'm not sure if that would be wise 
Then what is your opinion 
Well , maybe we'll go to ask Mr . Johnson . He has the final say 
When will our party be held 
Next Wednesday 
Have you sent out invitations by our party 
Yes , I have 
When 
Ten days ago 
Could Dr.Cole like to attend the party 
Yes , he will 
That's fine 
Excuse me , sir . I am coming to apply for the position of accountant 
Oh , please sit down . What university did you graduate from 
I graduated from Tianjin College of Commerce 
What was your major at college 
My major was accounting 
Can you name some of the courses you completed in relation to accounting 
Sure . I took such courses as accounting principles , commercial accounting , cost accounting , industrial accounting , electronic data processing accounting , and accounting involved in foreign capital enterprises 
What kind of work are you doing now 
I'm engaged in accounting 
What are your responsibilities in your present work 
My work involves various routine bookkeeping and basic accounting tasks including journal entries , verifying data and reconciling discrepancies , preparing detailed reports from raw data , and checking accounting documents for completeness , mathematical accuracy and consistency 
Are you familiar with the PRC Financial and Tax Regulations 
I think so 
Can you tell me something about this balance sheet now 
Of course . This balance sheet contains three major sections , that is , assets , liabilities and owner's equity . So , you see , the total current liabilities of your company are $ 3,372 , 000 , and the owner's equity is $ 5,400 , 000 . That means that the total assets , which is equal to the sum of the creditor's and the owner's equities , are $ 8,772 , 000 
What's the creditor's equity 
The creditor's equity is the same as liabilities 
Yesterday I had a deal with a vice manager . He acts like the point man 
I always meet people like him 
Does it look too big 
It looks like it was made just for you 
Yes , I like it . I'm going to get it 
How would you like to pay for it 
Here's my credit card 
Now , if you'll just sign here 
Yes . Here you are 
So long . Have a nice weekend 
Excuse me , may I help you 
Would you please fill some gas for me 
Sure . Which kind of gas do you want 
Unleaded , please 
OK 
The Johnson are on their way back . You remember them , don't you 
Johnson ? I can't place them 
We met them in Bermuda last May 
They've completely slipped my mind 
The couple with the dogs-think back 
No , I don't recall a thing about them 
Well , I've invited them for brunch 
Hmm , I must be getting absent-minded 
What are your terms of sale 
The price quoted is for CIF 
My understanding is that CIF means the seller is responsible for prepaying shipping costs and arranging for the insurance policy 
Yes , that is correct . We will arrange for the shipping costs and insurance policy 
Is it possible to consider FOB ? That way , we will handle the insurance through our broker 
Yes , we could also make this arrangement , , if you prefer 
Good morning . Madam . How can I help 
I'd like to take some money from my Fund Account at the Securities Company . Is that possible here 
Certainly . We can transfer the money straight into your bank account here and then you can withdraw it right away . Could I have your Passbook for Bank-Securities Account Transfer 
Here it is . Could I make a balance enquiry , please 
Your balance today is 120,376 RIB 
Fine , I'll take 10,000 RIB , please 
OK . Please fill in this form and input you code here ... and again , please . I'll just check and see if the money has been transferred . Yes , transaction successful 
Thank you very much 
Stephanie ! Did you just get to school ? But you were up and about when I left the dorm this morning ! That was about an hour and a half ago . This happens all the time ! Why do you always take so long
It ’ s a skill . What can I say ? I don ’ t know why , I just have a long routine 
Please explain because it makes no sense to me . How can a girl ’ s routine be so complicated ? You get up , you shower , you get dressed , you brush your teeth , you ’ re out the door . Half an hour , tops 
Jacob , you have the luxury of having a haircut that rarely needs styling . I don ’ t . I have to set aside about an hour and a half to get ready in the mornings . Every day , I wake up and head straight for the shower . Every second day , I wash my hair . If it ’ s a hair-washing day , I frequently need to wash my hair twice because it gets really oily . Then I usually put in a conditioner and have to rinse that out too . Because my hair is so long , I seldom manage to take a shower in under twenty minutes . Afterwards , I often put on a pot of coffee and get dressed while I wait for it to brew . I take a long time to get dressed in the morning . Every now and then I remember to choose my outfit the night before , but usually I do it in the morning . In all , getting dressed takes about half an hour , at which time my hair is now semi-dry so then I have to style my hair . From time to time I ’ ll put my hair up , butoften times I bloody it straight . And then , because of the texture of my hair , I regularly have to flat-iron it to keep it from frizzing . That ’ s another twenty minutes or so . After that , I have my daily makeup routine 
True , I hardly ever see you without your hair done and your makeup on , even when you show up to class in sweatpants . Tell me , how long does it take you to choose that outfit in the morning 
Not funny 
May I help you 
Yes . I'm looking for some perfume . Do you have perfumes with a light scent 
How about this one ? It smells like green tea and is our best seller . Try it 
It does smell good , How much is it 
It goes for $ 40 
OK . I'll take this one 
What's wrong ? You don't like ancient Egypt 
Actually , I don't like history . Lately , these shows are always about the Pyramids 
The Pyramids are amazing ! Millions of gigantic stones ... each one perfect ..
And nobody knows who built them , right ? It's a total mystery 
You sound like the TV ! You're not going to tell me that aliens built the Pyramids , are you 
You sure are buying a lot of things online 
Yes , I ordered a camera and some personal care stuff online yesterday . They will be delivered in two weeks 
What are the advantages of buying online 
Sometimes you can save money and you can find things that you had difficulty finding in a store . sometimes it's just convenient , like doing it late at night and sometimes it's just fun 
The idea of doing it at night is interesting . Maybe I'll try it some day 
How is the project going 
Well , frankly speaking , I am running a little behind . It's 40 % done 
Do you have any problem during the process ? You should speed things up 
I have little chance to communicate with colleagues when I have problems . They are always too busy to help a green hand like me 
Have you ever helped others when they are in trouble ? Most will give a hand to someone who has helped him 
I did . But I am so depressed because there is nobody that will help me 
And you should have good co-operation with other colleagues , you know a scientific schedule brings efficiency to the work 
I see your point , but I seem to be on bad terms with them 
Cheer up and pay more attention to your colleagues and the things will be much better . I am speaking from my experience 
Thank you so much 
And you should read as much as possible to enrich the knowledge 
That's a good idea . I can learn many useful things from books 
We're approaching the critical point for success or failure of this project . you'd better speed up and catch up with books 
Well , I will do it better 
If you have any problem in your work , let me know 
Thanks very much . I promise I will work harder 
How may I help you 
I need to get on the Internet 
Do you have your library card with you 
Yes , I have it 
You ’ re going to have to wait for a computer 
That ’ s okay 
Please put your name on this list 
Then what do I need to do 
When there is a computer available , I will call you 
What do I do to log on to the computer 
Just type in the number on the back of your library card 
Okay . Thanks for your help 
how do you feel about wearing name logos or slogans on your clothing 
I've never really thought about it before . I guess it doesn't bother me 
do you think advertising has an influence on the choices you make when you're shopping 
I guess so . I usually buy name-brand clothing , shoes , and electronic goods . How about you 
I actually try to avoid name-brand items . I can't stand it when big companies advertise their products all over the place 
Mary , can you help me set the table 
Sure 
This is usually my chore 
I don't mind helping 
We need to set the table for four 
So that's four plates , four forks , four knives , and four spoons 
That's right . Mom didn't know where to buy chopsticks for you 
Don't be silly ! I know how to use knives and forks 
OK . Come back into the classroom , class 
Does the class start again , Mam 
Yes , but to the heath , this break has long enough 
Oh , breaktime flies 
Come on , baby . It ’ s time now 
Mam , another minute , could I 
Hurry up , little boy 
You're so witty ..
So why is the face tilted to the right 
This watch is supposed to be worn on your left hand 
So it's not as convenient for left-handed people 
It's better for right-handed people like me . See , I don't even have to move my arm to see the time 
I'm left-handed . You bought that watch so that I won't borrow it ..
Bingo 
Room service . May I come in 
Come in please 
Mr . Green 
Yes . Put them on there please 
OK.If you need anything , just call the Room service 
Thank you . By the way , what shall we do with the plates when we finish our meal 
Just leave them outside the door . We will take care of it 
I see . Thanks a lot 
Which of the two do you think is better ? I mean , what's the difference between them 
Well ... this one costs more , but it has a much better sound.This part of it is made of wood , not plastic . And there's a tone control , too 
I only want it for the kitchen . I like to listen to the news at breakfast time 
Hmm ... well , the other one is good for the money . It's much cheaper . We sell clot of them and all our customers are satisfied with them 
Hmm ... I'd like the cheaper one , please . Can I pay hy cheque 
Certainly 
Espresso is made with a machine that forces steam and boiling water through finely ground coffee . It's strong 
OK , OK , this is good . Keep talking . What about cappuccino and all those other drinks 
Cappuccino is one-third espresso and two-thirds a mixture of steamed milk and froth 
Froth 
If you want something manly , stick with the espresso 
Thanks , Hugh . I owe you one 
Either we'll be millionaires , or we won't ... won't have a dime 
And it's all coming down to the next three weeks 
The only person who seems confident the software will be done on time is Zina 
Yeah , she is some kind of Superwoman , isn't she 
Failure just isn't an option for her . I'm glad she's on our team 
You've got a beautiful singing voice 
It's this high-tech equipment that doctors my voice a little . Actually , i am tone-deaf 
Come on , You hit the high notes perfectly 
Well , the echo and the stereo system helped a lot . And i know that song very well , so , i didn't need to pay attention to the subtitles which helped as well 
You're too modest . Pass me the catalogue ! I'd like to see which song to choose.Wow , this place has a large selection of songs . I dont know which to choose 
Pick the one that you always sing in the shower 
Funny.Oh , i like this song . It's by one of my favorite singers 
Read me the index number 
1021.It ' s a duet ! Come on , Pick the mic and sing along 
No . I need a rest 
I'm so nervous about this oral test 
Just calm down . I'm sure you'll do well 
I just want to get it over with 
Joan is a thorough drag 
What is it 
She keeps talking when I'm reading 
There must be something wrong with her 
Excuse me , I got a parcel arrival notice yesterday 
Would you show me your notice 
Here you are 
Please endorse it first . Do you have identification 
Yes , here is my ID card 
Hello . I'm Jason 
Hi . My name is Dolma 
Nice to meet you , Dolma 
Good to meet you too 
Sorry , Mary , I can't make it in time for dinner 
Okay , Bob , when will I see you 
Maybe I will be around later 
Okay , I'll see you later 
Why did your parents make you stay at home 
They wanted to go out , and so they made me look after my baby brother 
Didn't you mind doing it 
No , I didn't . My brother was very good and I did quite a lot of homework 
Didn't you even want to go to the cinema 
Not really . I watched television for an hour 
What was on television last night 
Boxing . It was excellent 
Oh . I enjoy watching boxing on television , too.What a pity I missed it last night 
What did you do last night 
I went to a boxing match in the sports stadium 
Thank you very much for your dinner 
Thank you for your coming 
My wife is expecting me at home . I must be off now.So long 
So long 
Hello sir , may I help you 
Yeah , I accidentally dropped my phone in the toilet 
I see . Well , you have come to the right place . We have over one hundred models of more than twenty leading mobile phone manufacturers 
Sounds good . I don ’ t want it to be too expensive , maybe something mid-range 
We have this new ETC smart phone.It comes with the Android OS so you can download applications . It also has a built-in camera , mp3 player and touch screen . It works on the 3G network so you have fast access to the internet wherever you are 
What about Wi-fi 
Of course ! You can access the internet from any hotspot as well as from home 
One last thing . Is it waterproof 
The bracelet is so well suited to you . It looks very nice 
Yeah , I cherish it . Because I have been working like a dog for two months to buy it 
hi , my name's Abby . What's your name 
I'm colin . It's nice to meet you . What do you do 
I'm a freelance English teacher . How about you 
I'm in between jobs at the moment 
what kind of job are you looking for 
I'd like to find a job with flexible hours in the IT field 
have you ever thought about becoming a freelance IT consultant 
no . Is it difficult to find such a job 
not if you are good at net-working . Do you like to meet new people 
yes . I'm pretty out-going and friendly 
do you have experience in the IT field 
I have some . I worked in the IT department at a language school for four years in Spain 
do you speak Spanish 
yes , but not fluently 
that's OK . Have you sent your CV out to anyone yet 
I've sent my CV to dozens of companies but nobody has got back to me 
did you write a clear objective in your resume 
no , because I didn't know what I wanted to do 
I think you need to update your CV . Bring it over to my office tomorrow and I'll help you with it 
thanks , I will . I'll see you tomorrow then 
In my wedding ceremony , where do my parents sit in the church 
The bride's parents ' seating arrangement is on the left side of the aisle and the groom's parents is on the right side 
Do friends of the bride always sit on one side of the church and friends of the groom on the other 
They usually do 
I need somebody to come over and fix my internet 
What's wrong with it 
For some reason it's just not connecting 
How long have you been having this problem 
It hasn't been working the past few days 
Does the internet come up at all 
It does , but it won't connect to anything 
Well , the internet isn't down , so there must be something wrong with your connection 
Could you send someone to fix it today 
I'll send somebody over right away to fix it 
When will they be here 
They should be there in the next hour 
What's your weight 
150 pounds 
Do put yourself on a diet , otherwise you'll be too fat 
I can't bear eating less 
What are your terms of payment 
Our terms are net 30 
What if we purchase an increased quantity ? Can you give us better terms 
You would have to order in excess of 10,000 units to be eligible 
We do not have the space in our warehouse to store over 5,000 units 
An option we can offer is two separate shipments.We will house the inventory until you are ready for us to ship it to you 
Good afternoon . I'll show you to your room 
Thank you 
Could you tell me which bags are yours 
They're over there next to the door . Those three with green tags on them 
Could you wait a moment ? I have to get a trolley . May I see your room key , please 
Sure , here it is 
Thank you . Room 402 . You're on the 4th floor . This way , please 
Honey , please forgive me . There is lots of work to do . So , I forget your birthday 
I see.That ’ s all right . Don ’ t put the blame on yourself 
Look , Dad , many people are doing morning exercises here 
Yes . I used to come out here with my grandpa as child 
Really ? You were so happy then 
Aren't you happy now ? I hadn't seen the piano when I was a child 
Daddy , don't mention it 
The park is so beautiful . It is a good thing I have taken the camera 
Dad , I'd like to take a picture with the status 
All right . Give me a big smile . Are you ready ? Cheese 
Daddy , we can't have a photo of the whole family . We can take one here 
Excuse me , sir . Could you take a photo for us ? Just press this button 
Good luck on your test tomorrow . We'll be crossing our fingers for you 
Thanks 
There will be another sandstorm here tomorrow 
It's the fourth one this year . Isn't it horrible 
Yes . We should plant more trees and grass to stop the sand from spreading 
It may take many years for the trees to grow . I hope people will stop cutting down trees 
But we need the wood 
But we can't destroy our forests to get the wood 
Hello , this is Catharine from Thomson Company . Can I speak to Mr . Wang 
Sorry , he is in the middle of something . Can I take a message 
Yes . Please tell him that he is expected to have an interview with the CEO of ABC company tomorrow morning at 10:00 
Could you please speak in a louder voice ? There may be something wrong with your receiver 
OK , I will repeat what I said loudly 
Take me to this address , please 
Yes , ma'am . Here we are 
How much do I owe you , sir 
30 dollars , ma'am 
Are you kidding ? The meter says 15 dollars , doesn't it 
Yes , but we need some extra charge and some tip , too 
I don't get it . I'll go and have that doorman talk to you then 
OK , ma'am . Calm down , 15 dollars will do 
Hi , Becky , what's up 
Not much , except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall 
What's the problem 
She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she ' s around 
For example 
Well , last week I invited her over to dinner . My husband and I had no problem with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . There's just nothing can please her 
No , I can't see that happening . I know you're a good cook and nothing like that would ever happen 
It's not just that . She also criticizes how we raise the kids 
My mother-in-law used to do the same thing to us . If it wasn't disciplining them enough , then we were disciplining them too much . She also complained about the food we fed them , the schools we sent them too , and everything else under the sun 
You are an outgoing person , quite easy to talk with 
Yes , my friends like to get along with me well 
Do you have many friends 
Yes , I like to make new friends 
What do you usually do with them 
We like to get together , chat and enjoy beautiful music 
Which pair of jeans do you like best 
I really like the straight legs 
But they aren't very fashionable . What about these 
I don't like the way they sag down . I feel like I have plumber butt in them 
That's the style ! You just wear boxers 
What if someone got it in their head to give them a tug ? What then 
You're so old fashioned ! Nobody is going to pull down your pants 
If you ask me , it's a walking invitation 
May I please speak to Robert 
There is no one here by that name 
Is this 2517758 
No , this is 2517759 
Oh , I'm sorry 
That's all right 
Bruno Bistro , how may I help you 
Yes , hello , I would like to make a reservation please 
Certainly sir , For which day and time please 
Tonight at seven 
I'm sorry sir , but we are fully booked tonight until eight 
In that case , eight o'clock is fine 
Very well , and how many people will attend tonight 
Four people 
Lastly , may I please know what name I should make the reservation under 
Mark 
Waiter 
Yes , can I help you 
Where shall I pay the bill 
You can pay here 
OK . How much is it all together 
It is one hundred and fifty . This is your bill 
Is the service charge included 
Yes 
OK , here you are 
Thank you 
What kind of jobs are becoming popular in your country 
As in many countries , there ’ s been a big growth in anything related to computers . Young people are attracted to that field in particular . There ’ s also been a big growth in education 
There ’ s been a growth in that field in my country too . A lot of people want to learn practical and professional skills 
The interesting thing is that many of the teachers are not actually trained teachers . They are usually professionals who are taking a break from their jobs to pass on skills to others 
I noticed that too . What are the people learning 
In my country , they are usually studying something business-related , such as marketing , management techniques , and human resource management 
I think that jobs in the leisure industry will become more popular in the future 
That trend has already begun in my country . In particular , there ’ s a big demand for people to work in fitness centers . Which kinds of jobs are less in demand 
Those in traditional fields , such as agriculture and heavy industry . Younger people are not interested in doing those jobs and other countries have industries that can produce things much cheaper 
Yes . My country is certainly expanding in the service and hi-tech sectors , but contracting in the heavy industry and primary industry sectors . However , our car and aircraft manufacturers are doing very well 
They are well known for high quality , that ’ s why 
What did you do today 
Played poker with my work friends 
Did you win 
Of course 
What is the correct time , please 
It ’ s exactly twelve minutes past seven 
When will you lecture begin 
Begin at 9 o ’ clock sharp 
Why do you stop me 
You have gone against the traffic rules 
I'm sorry 
Do you know this is a Onaway street 
I don't know 
You have to pay a fine 
You're looking very well 
Thank you . I try to keep in shape 
Do you often exercise 
Yes , as long as I can find the time . I like swimming best 
What style of swimming do you like best 
I like the back best . I am good at freestyle stroke , but I usually use breast stroke as it keeps me from getting tired 
I think butterfly stroke is the most difficult style to learn 
I agree . I'm not good at it , either . Can you swim ? How about going for a swim this Saturday 
Oh , no . I am quite a stone in the water and cannot swim 
What's wrong with you 
I have a sore throat and headache 
Do you feel tired 
Yes , my whole body feels weak . And I really feel terrible 
I'm sorry to hear that . I'll have to examine you 
Ok , go ahead 
Open your mouth and show me your tongue . Say ah ... You have a bad cold . So you must stay in bed for a week 
Eat some more 
No , thanks . I'm on a diet 
Any idea about James ? He ’ s a pain in the neck 
Guess what ? He has just got the sack 
Oh , is that so 
Exactly 
Here is your ticket . Let's get in the museum 
Sure . The exhibits on display were really fascinating 
I can't agree more . I think we'd better hire a guide so that we can learn more 
Good idea . Let's ask the officer for help 
Amelia , could you spare a few minutes 
sure . What do you need 
well , I wanted to let you know that I've put in my notice 
really ? Why 
it's complicated . But basically it boils down to one thing . This company is downsizing and I can't continue working for a company that may let me go 
but surely they won't fire you ! You're one of the most experienced managers here 
well , to be honest , there's another reason . I've got a better offer 
well that's great news ! Congratulations ! Where will you be located 
the head office is in New York , but I'll be dealing with overseas companies and flying to this side of the world from time to time 
it'll be sad to see you go , but it sounds like you're found yourself a great opportunity 
I have . I feel lucky . I look forward to dealing with overseas companies and at the same time having a chance to use English more 
I'm sorry to bring this up , but would it be possible for you to write me a letter of recommendation before you go 
of course I can . In fact , if there are other job opportunities at this new company , I'll recommend you personally 
thanks . I appreciate that 
Cathy , I'd like to introduce the new microwave stove of mine to you , because it is easy to use 
OK , it so happened I want to buy one 
This microwave stove has many functions . Let me show you . For example , if you want to cook meat , you just need to put meat in it , and press the button with a picture of meat , that ’ s OK . After several minutes , you can eat the delicious meat 
I think it ’ s good , and it suits me , because I'm not good at cooking . Is it expensive 
Oh , it is not so expensive . It only costs me 280 dollars 
Wedding rings 
Oh , no ..
Aren't they cool ? I like the settings 
Jen , is there someone you're not telling me about 
No . I just like looking at wedding rings , OK 
Women are such dreamers 
These are specially designed for the year 2000 
What do you want to do tonight 
I don't know . What do you want to do 
I have no idea . Do you think we're in a rut 
What do you mean 
Well , we do the same things every weekend . We go to the same restaurants . We see the same friends . You know what I mean 
Yeah , I guess you're right . It's easy to get bogged down in the day to day , and forget to change things up once in a while . Let's break out and do something completely different tonight 
Okay , I'll look in the events section of the paper to see what's going on tonight . Hmm , we could go to a concert . There is a good one tonight . I bet it's not sold out . But , we'll have to drive an hour to the venue 
An hour ? That's a bit of a bummer . Let me take a peek and see what else there is . How about going dancing ? We haven't done that in a while . There's a club in Silver Lake that's supposed to be hopping on Friday nights . Eddie from work told me that they have a really good DJ and a big dance floor , and the cover charge isn't bad 
I'm not really in the mood for dancing , actually . You know what ? I just feel like staying home tonight and vegging , after all . How about you 
Yeah , I was hoping you'd say that . It's nice to have the option to go out but I'd rather stay in . Maybe we can go out tomorrow night 
Yeah , definitely , tomorrow night 
Can you tell me if there is a flight to New York 
Yes . Flight DB117 departs at 5:38 pm and arrives in New York at 6:00 am with a layover in Chicago . It also makes a refueling stop at Colombia 
So many stops ! Don't you have any direct flights 
Sorry sir , it is the only flight wa have right now 
What sort of shopping is nearby , Mr . Taylor 
Call me John . This is a great area of the city for shopping . There ’ s a grocery store just around the corner 
What about things other than food 
Well , the Riverside Mall has 200 stores in it , including four major department stores 
Are there small shops near here as well 
Yes , on 4th street , near the movie theater there are many specialty shops , including clothing boutiques 
Well , that sounds just wonderful 
Yes , it ’ s a really nice neighborhood 
We are just going round the corner for a drink . Won't you join us 
Well , I'd like to , but I am not sure I have time 
Oh , come on ! Just a quick one 
All right , just a quick one 
Happy New Year , Rose 
Happy New Year , Thomas . How many joys nice drinks with us , will you 
Thank you , I will . What are you up to today 
First , I am going to get ready for the parade , I have a great costume . Then later today , I am going to church . If you want , I can give you a costume , and you can be at parade too . It will be fun
Sure , why not . Sounds like fun . Why are you going to church 
My father likes to go , and I told him I will go with him 
What for 
Lots of people especially seniors like to go to church , and attend the evening service 
May I have a menu , please 
Of course 
Could you tell me how this thing is cooked 
Lobster ? It is steamed and served with our special sauce 
Is it good 
Sure . It is a most popular dish 
I think I will try some lobster , and give me some green salad together 
I want to go to china for sight-seeing . What do you think of it , Mum 
Why not ? China is a wonderful country 
Will you go with me , too 
No , I'm afraid not now . I'm too busy 
Have you heard who got elected 
No , who won 
Our new President is John McCain 
What ? You can ’ t be serious 
I was just as shocked when I found out 
Why would anyone vote for McCain 
The people have spoken 
That ’ s horrible 
If you don ’ t like that , then you ’ re probably going to be mad at what I tell you next 
More bad news 
I was just joking , and Obama is our new President 
Are you serious this time ? That ’ s wonderful news 
Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing 
It's nice to meet you , Mr . Cooper 
Nice to meet you , Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada 
Yes , it was quite a long flight . I'm glad to finally be here 
Fair-Priced Fares , how may I help you 
How much is a round-trip ticket to London 
When did you plan to go , sir 
In the second week of September 
The second week of September is still in the high-season , so the cheapest tickets are $ 650 . The high season lasts until the 15th , so fares after that date are cheaper 
In that case , I'll go after the 15th . How much are the off-season fares 
Our cheapest ticket is $ 550 on American Airlines 
Okay , I'll take it . ( to be continued 
Do you need any help 
I need some help catching up . Are you good at typing or could you help me xerox 
I like xeroxing 
Thank you ! There are papers on the table to start with 
OK , I will get right to that 
I really appreciate the help . How many years have you been with the company 
I just started working here 
I have a special assignment coming up . Would you be interested in helping me on it 
I'd like to , but I am very busy 
I'll make sure that management keeps you in mind for special projects in the future . Thanks for the help 
What are you thinking about 
About my boyfriend 
Again 
You are really a wet blanket 
Next , please 
Could I purchase Euro with RIB here ? I have to stay here for months 
Yes , the rate for cash purchases is listed on the electronica screen , so you have seen the rate of exchange 
Yes , I have known of it 
How much do you like to exchange 
20,000 RIB 
In what denominations 
It doesn't matter , but leave me some small changes , that will be convenient in daily life 
Right , I will exchange for you now . Please sign the exchange form giving the name and telephone 
Well , could you change them too ? The dollars , I want to change them into Swiss francs 
OK , wait for a moment . Well , I am sorry , but we are not authorized to exchange coins because it is low and we do not have enough foreign coins . In this case , you'd better change 2,000 $ to Swiss francs 
It doesn't matter 
Please sign the memo on the bottom and keep your money and memo 
Thanks a lot . Good-bye 
Excuse me , do you know the shortcut to the Lincoln park 
Well , there does have one . Walk along the road and turn left when you come to a bystreet . It will lead you to the back gate of the park 
Thank you very much . Is the back gate open now 
I don't think so 
Does your wife work 
Yes , she does . She works at home 
Oh , I understand . She cooks , cleans and takes care of children . Is that right 
Oh , no . Most of the time I do these things . She is a writer 
You are really a hen-pecked husband 
How's your business 
Everything seems to be getting worse . I don't know what to do with it 
Things are tough all over . You should never give up 
But how can I prevent a deficit 
I think you should make a thorough market investigation now 
OK , OK . I ’ ll do my best 
I always consider you are such a guy who never gives up 
I know life is not all roses , and I believe I will pull this through 
Yeah , you can make it 
What do you think of your personality 
I am quite alive and energetic . I am a curious person , and I like to learn new things 
Do you think you are introverted or extroverted 
I am quite outgoing , I think 
How do you get along with people whose characters are different from your own 
I try to adapt myself 
Excuse me.Would you like a drink before your meal 
Pardon me 
Would you like a drink 
Oh , I see . I'll have beer , please 
OK.Here you are 
Thank you.How much is it 
Well , all the drinks including beer are free of charge 
Are you sure ? Then , I will have more beer , please 
Don't worry.We will come back again a little later 
How long are you staying 
Four weeks 
May I ask what brought you here 
I'm here on business 
What line of business are you in 
I import canned food 
I was told that your company had been in the furniture industry for many years . What kinds of products do you generally handle 
We mostly handle office furniture . We supply first-class furniture . Here are our catalogue and the pattern books . You can see the material is superior and with all the latest styles . Can you give me some idea about what you're looking for 
You know , we want to totally furnish our new office building . This is a list of what we need . Could you give me a ballpark figure for everything on this list 
The price varies somewhat according to the size of your order . Would you tell us the quantity you want so that we can work out an offer 
If the furniture is pleasantly designed and high-quality stuff , we intend to buy several thousand sets 
It's our pleasure to do business with you . We'll let you have the offer next Wednesday at the latest 
I hope you will make us your best offer , CIF New York 
Why do you look so gloomy ? What are you looking for 
My dissertation . I put it somewhere last night and I can't find it now 
Did you finish typing yesterday 
Yes , I kept on typing it until midnight , but it is lost 
Don't worry about it . It must be somewhere in your room . Let's see where you put it . Have you searched your drawers and the desk 
Yes , but there is nothing inside the drawers or on the desk 
How about the shelf 
I've searched everywhere . Where on earth did I put it 
Don't get upset over it . At least you have another week to go 
I have been working on it for a whole month and it's too late to write another . Just think of all my hard work that goes for nothing . How could I do such a thing 
Cheer up ! What I meant was that you can find it sometime during a week . There is no need to write a new one . Oh , what's this ? Is this your dissertation 
Let me see . Yes , that's it . Where did you find it 
You ’ Ve put it among these journals 
My poor memory . Thank you very much 
How good are you at sports , Bill 
Are you kidding ? I ’ m terrible ! But I love to watch sports . I go to football or baseball games a lot . And I read sports magazines every week 
Wow 
Do you like sports , Janice 
Oh , yes . I like to exercise . But I don ’ t watch sports or buy sports magazines . I don ’ t have much time to do those things 
Oh , I see . You know , we spend time doing different sports . How much time do you spend exercising 
Well , I guess I exercise about two hours a day . I do aerobics three times a week , and the other days I play badminton 1 with my husband . I always feel good afterward 
That ’ s great ! I ’ Ve heard people say that before 
Well , why don ’ t you try to get some exercise ? It ’ s difficult , but very rewarding 
Oh , I ’ m too lazy to play sports , and I ’ m not good at anything either . It hardly excites me 
Dad , can you lend me some money 
What for 
I want to get a ticket for a concert tonight 
All right.Here ' s the money . I suppose I'll have to drive you there 
Excuse me . I'm looking for Bluemingdails . Could you tell me how to get there 
Sure . It's very close actually.You go straight down this road . Then you turn left , at the next junction 
Left the next junction . Ok 
Bluemingdails is on the corner of that block . You see it as you turn left.Seriously , You can't miss it.It ' s enormous 
Thanks very much 
What are you going to do with that vase , Penny 
I ’ m going to put it on this table , Sam 
Don ’ t do that . Give it to me 
What are you going to do with it 
I ’ m going to put it here , in front of the window 
Be careful . Don ’ t drop it ! Don ’ t put it there , Sam . Put it here , on this shelf 
There we are ! It ’ s a lovely vase 
Those flowers are lovely , too 
Are you finished 
Yes.May I have some more beer 
Oh , sure . I'll be back in a minute.Thank you for waiting . Here it is.Did you enjoy your meal 
Yes , the meal was very delicious and I enjoyed very much . I'm full 
Is that so ? I'm glad you enjoyed it 
By the way , Miss.Where is the toilet 
Toilets are in the rear . I'm afraid all the toilets are fully occupied at the moment 
What 
DM210 is equivalent to 400 RIB 
Don't you wish to employ RIB of ours ? US Dollars might be adopted 
Are you afraid of losing money due to exchange rate fluctuations 
I will give you a definite answer on the price terms two days later 
Mary , today is a great day for you 
How nice of you to remember 
Oh , here's a little token of my affection 
You're so thoughtful.Thank you 
Hey Eve , how are you 
I ’ m fine , Celia . And you 
I ’ m ok . I ’ m so busy 
Do you have a lot of homework 
Yes . Don ’ t you 
Of course I do 
Which class are you working on right now 
I ’ m studying for my chemistry exam tomorrow 
Are you in Mrs . Green ’ s class 
Yes . Are you 
Yes . We must have the same exam tomorrow 
Do you want to study together 
Sure . This library is too quiet though 
Do you want to go to an empty classroom 
That sounds good 
OK . Let ’ s go 
Millions of amateur investors like you , have to rely on a dizzying array of financial newspapers , magazines and commentators to get investment information 
Yes.It ' s sometimes scary if you think of the tremendous amount of media we face every day 
It's like information overload , not to mention the reliability of these papers and magazines 
Which financial magazines and newspapers do you think do the best job of checking facts 
Well , for example , The Wall Street Journal is very , very good . Even though it's used on occasion ( as all news organizations are ) by Ces or bankers who leak their mergers in advance in order to get a positive spin 
I like to read Fortune 
Good . Fortune is usually ahead of the curve.And Business Week is very solid , too 
Where does a broadcast company get most of their information ? I hope it's not just from press releases 
A good broadcast company usually does far more than press releases.Their people go out and do real reporting , talking to people at the stock exchange , fund managers , analysts , etc 
But sometimes when a flimsy report , or even a rumor gets on television , there's going to be a terrible ' echo chamber ' effect 
You are right about that 
Do you want to hear a funny joke 
OK . Are you sure it's funny , though 
Well , you'll see 
OK 
OK , an Englishman , a Scotsman , and an Irishman were going on a trip across the desert , and they could only take one thing with them 
I see 
So they met up at the start of the journey and showed each other their equipment 
Oh , that's funny 
Hang on , I haven't finished yet 
Oh , sorry 
Well , as I was saying , they showed each other what they had decided to bring . The Englishman had brought some water . " If we get thirsty , we'll have something to drink , " he said . The Scotsman brought a map . " If we get lost , we'll be able to find our way . " The Irishman had brought a car door 
A car door ? You mean just one car door 
Yep . A car door . " Why the door ? " the others asked him . " Well , " he said , “ If it gets hot , we can open the window . " Do you get it 
Well ..
Have you ever made any plan for your future 
Of course I have . I'd like to marry a handsome man and have two children if possible 
Not me . I'd like to be a bachelor forever 
I don't believe you can make it when you meet your Mrs . Right 
Judy , what do you think of the new general manager 
He has extensive experience , although the guy ’ s really deep , sometimes , it scares me 
I heard he's very clear about his likes and dislikes and he's not the type to just let things go , so don ’ t provoke him 
I know , and that's why I'm always respectful and I keep my distance . It's safer that way 
Me too , I don't know why , but every time I see the guy , I break into a cold sweat 
It's in the eyes . They're the type that seems to look into your soul , making one really uneasy 
Whatever we said , we must be more careful 
Yes , I agree with you 
Are these your triplets ? They ’ re beautiful ! I ’ Ve seen other babies who were nothing but skin and bones at their age . You know , they ’ re absolutely identical of you and John ! Are you planning on having any more 
Bite your tongue ! I ’ m already at the end of my rope . Some nights I don ’ t sleep at all . John manages to sleep like a log even when the babies are screaming at the top of their lungs 
Well , tell me . How was the labor and delivery 
I wouldn ’ t say that I had the time of my life but at least everything went without a hitch 
Well , hang in there . In twenty years , you ’ ll fell it was well worth it 
What's going on here 
You mean , what's happening ? Well , constable , I'm trying to get out of the windowand Fred here is helping me 
Why are you climbing through the window and not leaving by the front door 
Well , you see I can't find the key and I'm in a hurry . Come on , Fred , We're wasting time 
Just a minute you two . I don't think you're telling me the truth . This isn't poorhouse , is it 
No , it's my brother's . I'm staying with him for a while 
Is he at home 
I'm afraid not . He's in jail for house-breaking at the moment 
Billy , you don ’ t look too well . Maybe you should take the day off school 
But Mom ! Today we ’ re playing football ! I love football 
You ’ Ve god a fever and playing football isn ’ t a good idea for a boy with a fever . What ’ s that on your arm 
I don ’ t know . It was there when I woke up this morning 
It ’ s a rash . I ’ d better take you to see the doctor . How did you get that bruise on your leg 
I bashed it against the chair in my room 
Does it hurt 
A little , but not much 
Here . Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down . I ’ ll take you to the doctor ’ s after breakfast 
If I ’ m better this afternoon , can I go to school 
If you are better , but I doubt you will be 
What's happening in your life 
Can you believe I'm going to America 
That sounds great 
Yes , I'm really excited 
Hello , IMPF Bank , how can I help you 
I need to report a missing Bank Card and Book 
OK Sir . Could you tell me the account holder's name , the account number , the amount in the account and your PIN number , please 
Well , the account's in my name . Patrick Dean , that's D-E-A-N . The account number is 15273478841 . There was about 20,000 RIB inside 
OK , Sir . Almost there , I just need your PIN number . When we issue you with a new card and book we would recommend that you change your PIN number . It's a very simple procedure 
OK , it's 672910 
I think we have had a very pleasant conversation , haven't we 
Yes , I think so too 
Do you have any other questions 
Let me think ... I want to know if the company can provide free accommodation for a new employee 
I'm sorry we can't now 
I really hope that your company could provide living places ; otherwise I have to rent a house to live 
Maybe the company will build dormitory for the employees in the future 
That would work too 
Anything else 
Some companies will pay part of the phone bills for the employees . Will this company do so 
I'm sorry we won't do so for a new employee . We only provide this benefit to employees who have made significant contributions to the company 
I understand . Will the company provide training 
Yes , we will , and the staff will have a chance to travel every year 
That's great . Thank you very much 
I want to subscribe to The New York Times.How do you feel about it 
It's one of the top papers in America 
Yes , It's supposed to be outstanding 
I want to change rooms . In fact , I want a refund for tonight 
And the problem is , sir 
Cockroaches have taken over my room 
My apologies , sir . We'll give you a new room and refund the value of your current room 
Thank you . I want to continue to be able to recommend this hotel to others 
We always try to serve our guests in the most agreeable way possible 
Is there a lot of snow in this region at this time of the year 
Yes , the snow is often falling thick and fast here 
Well , I think I like it . I appreciate the snow very much 
Yes , It's really so beautiful with all the things covered by snow 
By the way , where can I go ski 
There are so many places around . Take a look at the advertisement 
The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening 
Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order 
Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them 
Maybe we can find a place to learn some Chinese cooking . I hear there's a place in Chinatown where you can take some courses . Are you interested 
I'm not sure . I don't enjoy cooking that much . As long as we can order it from a restaurant , we don't have to learn to do it by ourselves 
You are right . But I just want to know how they prepare food and make it taste so different 
Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail 
I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that 
Well you can ’ t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ’ m the banker 
Banker 
Yes ..
Can I have my $ 200 please 
Sure . Here you are , $ 200 , Thank you , please come again ! Now it ’ s my turn to roll the dice 
Hello . My name ’ s Linda Brown . What can I do for you today 
Hi . I ’ m Tom Peterson . I ’ m looking for a one-bedroom apartment 
Certainly . First , I would like to ask you some questions to identify your needs before I show you what we have 
That ’ s fine 
What price range are you interested in 
Well , between $ 350-400 a month 
Okay . Do you have a special location in mind 
I ’ d like to live somewhere near the university , or at least on a bus line 
When would you like to move in 
As soon as possible 
How about the end of this month 
Fine 
Are there any special features that you would like to have , such as , a dishwasher , a balcony , a swimming pool , central air conditionining , etc . 
I would like to have a dishwasher and central air conditioning 
Okay . Here are the photos of the apartments that fit your preferences 
Thank you . This one looks nice . Is it near the university 
Yes . It ’ s only 5 minutes walk from the campus 
That ’ s good . I ’ d like to see it 
Do you know what you want to eat for lunch 
What do you feel like having 
I want to get some pizza 
I had pizza for lunch yesterday 
Tell me what you want to eat 
Do you want to get a burger 
See , I had a burger for lunch yesterday 
Think of something 
How about I get pizza and you get a burger 
Let's do that then 
Where do they sell both at 
They sell pizza and burgers at the cafeteria 
Excuse me , could you tell me how much is the ticket 
It is free on weekend 
That's great 
Here is a guiding plan 
Hi , I have a doctor ’ s appointment scheduled with Dr . Smith , and I need to change it 
What day did you have it scheduled for 
My appointment was on Tuesday 
What time was it scheduled for 
It was for two o ’ clock in the afternoon 
I see your appointment . What day would you like to switch to 
I would like to switch it to next Friday 
What time would you like 
I would like to come in at 10
Fine , I will pencil that in right now . We will see you then 
I'm looking for some fresh produce that's on sale 
Well , we just got in some mangoes 
Mangoes . What are they 
Well , it's a fruit with a big nut in it 
Can you eat the nut 
No , you peel off the skin and throw out the nut 
How much are they 
Well , the sale price is $ 1 each 
What does a mango taste like 
They're like a citrus fruit 
How do I know if it's ripe 
You can buy them hard . Wait a few days for them to develop a soft feel 
Where do they come from 
Most of them in this store are from Mexico 
I like pop music very much 
What 
I said I like pop music very much.It ' s so lovely 
Is it 
Sir , I want to ask for a leave for five days . Here is the request form 
Let me see your form . You mentioned that you want five days to go back home for New Year , right 
Yes , I need to go home to have a family reunion 
Do you still remember we already have a New Year celebration on January 1st 
Yes , sir . I remember it . But our Chinese usually celebrate the New Year on lunar calendar 
Well , I understand that . Your request is approved . Remember to give my best regards to your parents 
Lee , I'm going to get married next month 
Good news ! And congratulations 
You are invited to my wedding 
Thank you . I'll certainly be there 
Have you heard that Tom and his wife divorced 
I didn't hear that . But I can deduce the reason 
Really ? Say it 
Tom is a kind guy , but addicted to gambling . He spends all his time gambling in the casino . And his wife can't put up with his incessant gambling any longer , so she divorced him . Is that right 
Yeah , quite right . Gambling broke up a happy family 
Yeah ! Gambling is often a curse . By gambling we lose time and treasure , two things most precious to a man 
Besides that , many people took to gambling and got in over their heads , and gradually ruined themselves 
In a word , gambling is a vice . We should be away from it 
Can I help you 
En , I am looking for a porter , do you know where I can find one 
There are so many here.The men with red hats are the porters 
What's the charge 
Well , it depends how many pieces of luggages you have 
Thank you 
I'd like to reserve a table for three this evening 
Just a moment , sir . Let me check the reservation list . Sorry , I'm afraid we're fully booked tonight . Would you like to make a reservation some other time 
Do you have pot service at noon 
Yes , the same service and food as in the evening 
OK , we'll come at half past eleven tomorrow 
OK . Your name , please 
Black 
Good . Thank you very much 
Good morning . Welcome to Time After Time Watches 
I'd like to buy a watch 
Well , you've come to the right place . What kind of watch are you looking for 
Well , I'm not sure . Let's see . How much is this one 
Hmm ... This Rolex ? $ 1,000 
Oh . I don't think I can afford that . How about this one 
This one is $ 500 
Wow . That's too much for me . Don't you have anything cheaper 
You must be very busy these days . I heard you are responsible for the meeting arrangements this time . It can be the most important meeting for our company this year 
Sure it is . I am up to my ears as time expressed 
Do we still use the conference room in the same hotel as last time ? You remember ? I like that one 
If we were in the same conference room , I would not work late these days . That conference room has been booked out . This time our boss wants to hold the meeting in our company . So everything has to be rearranged and checked , like tables , chairs , mean tacks , podium , audio and visual equipments and even the lunch menu 
Good preparation will improve the effectiveness of the meeting . I am sure that your hard work will pay off 
Marquet , do you think I should enroll in the science course 
Yes , I think so . If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course 
Right , I figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses 
Well , I have to take biology , chemistry , maps and physics . What you need is a good introductory course for non-science majors 
Yes , I'm really weak in maps , I did poorly in high school 
That's a problem 
When will the ceremony begin 
The ceremony will begin at 9 0 ' clock . After the ceremony , there's a reception . By the way , do you know why they have chosen September 9th for their wedding ceremony 
No idea 
As in English , Chinese also has some lucky numbers . The number 9 stands for perpetuity in Chinese 
Doesn't she have any friends 
If she has , they must be fair-weather friends 
Such friends are even worse than enemies 
She'd better keep away from them 
Can you tell me where the supply shop is 
Sure . It ’ s on basement level one . Turn right when you get off the elevator 
Great ! Thanks a lot 
No problem , John 
You stay beside me ; I'll fry the meat in the oil first 
Daddy , what seasonings are you going to cook the meat with 
Er , I am gonna go with salt and sauce 
What ? Are you kidding 
Is there anything wrong 
I remember Mom going with a lot of pepper for the meat 
Hello , Mary 
Oh , hello , Tom ! Beautiful day , isn ’ t it 
Yes , it is 
Merry Christmas 
The same to you 
Are you doing anything special 
We're having some friends over.What are you doing 
Oh . I'm just going to take it easy 
I saw a vacancy board outside for assistant . Has the vacancy been filled 
Not yet . But do you have any experience as an assistant 
Yes . I have a lot of experience in that . I have worked for the sales company as an assistant since finishing my university 
OK . It sounds fine 
You don ’ t look so good 
I have a major stomachache
Did you eat something strange 
I had spaghetti with clam sauce for lunch 
Maybe you have food poisoning 
Yes , that could have been it , but I haven ’ t been feeling that great for the past few days 
Are you under a lot of stress 
Not really . Things have been going OK 
Maybe you have a touch of the flu 
I think that I might be getting the flu 
You are friend of Janet , right ? I am Andrew , Andrew Smith 
Nice to meet you , Andrew . I am Noirin , Noirin O'Neil 
I'm sorry , I didn't quite catch that 
Noirin , N-O-I-R-I-N , it's an Irish name 
This is the end , Jane . I don't want a girlfriend who goes out with other guys all the time 
I won't do it again . Please forgive me 
No way . I've given you too many chances already 
Can you manage chopsticks 
Why not ? See 
Good mastery . How do you like our Chinese food 
Oh , great ! It's delicious . You see , I am already putting on weight . There is one thing I don't like however , MSG 
What's wrong with MSG ? It helps to bring out the taste of the food 
According to some studies it may cause cancer 
Oh , don't let that worry you . If that were true , China wouldn't have such a large population 
I just happen to have a question for you guys . Why do the Chinese cook the vegetables ? You see what I mean is that most vitamin are destroyed when heated 
I don't know exactly . It's a tradition . Maybe it's for sanitary reasons 
How much does it cost to rent a mid-size car 
I can give you one for $ 30 a day or $ 200 a week 
Fine . I'd like to reserve one for next Tuesday 
May I see your driver's license 
Yes . It's right here 
OK . You'll have to use a credit card or leave a $ 100 deposit 
Speaking of classical music , we should never forget about the New Year's Concert of the Vienna Philharmonic 
Of course not . People all over the world watch it on TV , or listen to it on the radio 
Sure . It's one of the biggest classical music events . Have you ever been to the live show 
Yes , I went to the New Year ’ s Concert in 2010 
Wow , you're so lucky . I saw it on TV . But it must be so different to be there in the concert hall 
That's for sure . You know , I had the greatest time ever 
Can you loan me fifty dollars until pay day 
I'm sorry I've already gone through my paycheck for the week 
Thank you just the same 
May I help you 
I'd like to withdraw some money 
Please fill in the slip , stating the exact amount you wish to withdraw 
All right . And here's my bankbook . Is that all 
Your ID card , please 
Oh , yes . Here it is 
Do you want large ones or small ones 
Four in hundred , one in ten , please 
Wait a minute , please ... Here's the cash 
By the way , I'd like to change some U . S . dollars to pounds and I want to know today's exchange rate 
Well , sir . According to today's exchange rate , every pound in cash is equivalent to 1.89 U . S . dollars . How much would you like to change 
I want 100 pounds . And here are 189 U . S . dollars 
... OK . And here's your money 
Thank you . And goodbye 
Goodbye 
Hey Joanne . What are you up to 
I'm just watching some television 
I'm so bored . I don't know what I'm going to do today and it is only ten in the morning 
Me too . Do you think we are boring people 
I don't think we are boring . It's just that we don't have any hobbies 
That's right . What do you think we should do as a hobby 
That all depends on what you like to do . For example , I like to doodle on the notepad , so I'm thinking about doing some real drawings 
I like to play the piano for fun 
Yeah . That can be a good hobby 
Hobbies are great . I'm going to make a list of all the things I like to do 
That's a great idea . I'm going to do the same 
Has your family lived here for long 
Five and a half years . We moved here on the first of November 
You have a fantastic view 
Yes . I love living here 
Look ! You can see the village way down in the valley 
Yes . It ’ s a lovely view 
Good morning , sir . May I help you 
Good morning , I have an appointment with Mr . Johnson at 10:00
Excuse me , sir , but are you Mr . Richard of World Trading Company 
Yes . That ’ s right 
I ’ m sorry , Mr . Richard . Mr . Johnson is on his way to the office . He had just called and asked you to wait a minute 
Well , I ’ ll wait 
Would you like something to drink , sir ? Do you prefer coffee or tea 
Thank you . Coffee , please 
Here you are , Mr . Richard . This is the cream and this is the sugar . If there ’ s anything else you ’ d like , please don ’ t hesitate to tell me 
Thank you very much 
Oh , my god ! My wallet is lost . What should I do ? It drives me bonkers 
Dear , don ’ t worry . The police can help you 
I booked a double room for tonight . My name is Ruth Joy 
Just a moment , please , while I check . That's correct.You have a double room on the fifth floor 
Sally , what do we have for dinner
What would you like to have 
Well , I quit breakfast , so I had a rich brunch . I feel like having something mild for dinner
In that case , what about having some noodles 
Noodles are fine . Or maybe I'll have some porridge 
All right . I'll cook for you 
Wait a moment , I would like to take some snapshots here 
Is that OK 
It's so beautiful here . I want to stay longer 
Well , I think we'd better go now . We have to follow the guide 
That's all right 
do you have internet in your room 
sure , I am a total internet junkie , I can't survive without internet 
really ? What do you usually do online 
well , there are a lot of things , like reading news , email , shopping , etc . but mostly I chat online . You could say I'm addicted to online chatting 
I never chatted online before . What's it like 
well , basically it's similar to face-to-face chat , but you type instead of talk . You should try it at least once 
really ? Who do you chat with 
to people all over the world ! I have a lot of net pals . See , the magic of internet is that it connects people from all over the world . You can chat with someone thousands of miles away as if they were
that's amazing . I will install an online messenger program when I get home 
well , my suggestion for a newbie like you is that don't get lost in the cyberspace . You know internet won't do the filtration for you , so you still need to use your judgement . There are a lot of per
don't worry 
I found an apartment to rent 
Where did you find this apartment 
I found it in today ’ s apartment ads 
Really ? I can ’ t believe you actually found an apartment in the ads 
I actually found it in the ads , and it ’ s not too expensive either 
I want to hear more about this apartment 
All you really need to know is that the apartment looks great 
How much will you have to pay for rent 
Every month I ’ d only have to pay $ 725 
For where we live , that is really inexpensive 
It is , isn ’ t it 
I ’ m glad to hear that you finally found an apartment 
And so , I just wanted to check in with you and find out where we are with this project . As you know , you ’ Ve missed a fairly significant deadline last week , and this will negativity impact the team ’ s ability to move forward with the next stages of this project 
I know , I ’ m really sorry that I missed the deadline . But really , it wasn ’ t my fault . You see , we had all of these unexpected technical problems at the last minute , and that I couldn ’ t get into the database and extract the kind of information that I needed for the data analysis . You know , if the tech guys would have done their job and kept the ARM stable , then I wouldn ’ t have missed my deadline 
Oh , come on ! An excuse like that is tantamount to lying . You ’ re essentially blaming the tech team for your time management issues , rather than accepting responsibility for the fact that you were procrastinating for the past two weeks 
No , I ’ m not trying to pass the buck here ; I know that it was me who is ultimately responsible for getting this done . But the thing is , I could have finished on time if the system hadn ’ t gone down . And you know , with everything I ’ Ve got going on now , I can ’ t afford to waste time dealing with technical problems . I ’ Ve got a lot on my plate and there are only twenty-four hours in a day ..
I ’ m not going to accept this excuse . You ’ re using these small technical glitches as a crutch and trying to rationalize the fact that you ’ Ve missed your deadline . Look , we have standards and I expect you to live up to those standards . No more phoney cases . If you ’ re in over your head , you tell me . No more missed deadlines . Now , I want that data on my desk by nine am 
Is the new computerised stock system in operation 
Not quite . The software engineers are testing it just now 
Have all the operators been trained on it 
Yes , most of them . We trained on a dummy system last month . A couple of people were away so we've organised two more training sessions on the live system for the whole team this week 
Where's Tom this evening 
He's a little sick under the weather 
Really ! What's the matter with him 
He has the flu 
Tell him I was asking about him 
I will 
But this place doesn't feel like a forty-ping apartment 
Well , it's forty pings including the balcony . See . It's huge 
Oh ! The view is great ! Mountains , fresh air ! Stars 
This balcony is perfect for barbecuing 
And we could get a dog 
I'm sorry . No pets are allowed in this apartment building , except fish 
Well , fish it will be then 
Hey , let's go out and grab a couple of beers tonight 
Sorry , I can't . I have to work late at the laboratory 
Nigel , you sure lead a dog's life , what's up with that 
My boss wants me to finish this project tonight 
What courses are you taking 
Chinese , maths , English , chemistry , physics , biology and so on 
What do you think about the teachers 
To be honest , I like most of them , except for my Chinese teacher . She is quite young , but her class is too boring 
That's too bad . Do you have any foreign teachers 
Yes , my oral English teacher is an American . He is from a small town in California 
What is he like 
He is great . He always tells us not to study for exams , and to pay more attention to communication rather than just memorizing 
Are you able to follow him 
Not everything , but nearly . He speaks very clearly 
Oh , that's good ! He sounds like a good teacher 
Absolutely ! If you come to our class , I am sure you will like him 
Hi , Bob , what time will you be home tonight 
I'll be back late tonight 
Why ? What's the problem 
I have a meeting with my General Manager 
Passport and disembarkation card , please 
Here you are 
What is your purpose of visiting 
Sightseeing 
How long are you staying here 
Nine days 
All right . Thank you 
Mrs . Montgomery ? I ’ Ve been trying to figure out when we should have the New Year ’ s party . Could you take a book at these dates 
Sure . The twenty-ninth is out . I ’ ll be out of the office all day at a seminar . Either the twenty-eighth or the thirtieth is fine 
Well , why don ’ t we make it the thirtieth ? We can set it up from three to five . That way , everybody can just go home afterwards 
Sounds good to me . You make up the invitations , I ’ Ve got run . I ’ Ve got a meeting in five minutes 
Julia and Anne have both taken dance lessons.They want to be famous dancer , I think 
Yet Julia is not a patch on Anne because she's not as diligent and clever as Anne 
I don't see much difference , anyway 
Could I have the check , please 
Okay . I'll just be a minute 
Hey , Tom . You look tired . Are you all right 
I didn't sleep much last night 
How come 
You know Miao Li-my roommate , he bought a computer last month . He has turned his computer into an electronic playground . He plays football , rides horses , drives racing cars , and does a whole bunch of other games . Every night he keeps me up 
Don't you like games
I usually get a lot of information on the computer and use E-mail to send messages to my friends 
Me too . Recently , I've made many friends on the net . Every day I talk to them and share many interesting things with them 
Don't you think it's a sheer waste of both time and money 
I'm afraid not . To me getting in touch with each other has more fun than the coolest computer games or the hottest information 
Yes 
May I help you 
I ’ m returning a book 
Do you need anything else 
I also need to check out this video 
This is all you want to check out 
Just the video 
I ’ m going to need your library card 
I have it right here 
You ’ ll need to take care of the video 
I will 
We will fine you if you damage it 
I get it . Thank you 
Can I help you , Miss 
Yes . I have just got lost with my firiend.Can you page my friend for me 
OK , tell me your friend's name 
Here is his passport.Thank you very much 
What was that 
Oh no . I broke your vase accidentally 
How did it happen 
I bumped it by accident , but I didn't mean to do it 
It was my favorite 
I feel miserable . Can I give you money for it 
Maybe I shouldn't have put it here . Someone was bound to bump it eventually 
First I was late for school this morning , and now I broke your vase . This isn't my day 
Excuse me , madam . May I see your ticket , please 
I'm afraid I have lost my ticket . Can I buy one again 
Where are you going 
I'm going to Nanchang 
Where did you begin your journey 
At Huangshan 
OK . Here you are 
And by the way , what time shall we get to Nanchang 
We'll get there around 7:45 in the morning 
Thanks 
Do you like watching the Winter Olympic Games 
Of course . It's the tradition game in winter , and with good reason . Don't you like watching it 
Of course I do . I love it . All the games are exciting and the competitors are respectable 
That's true . For various reasons , it takes more to hold a fierce game for Winter Olympics than it does for Summer Olympics . You know , the low temperature may cause many problems 
Yeah . What's the difference between the Winter Olympics and the Summer Olympics 
When the Olympic Games started in modern times , only summer events were included . When it grew popular , there came the Winter Olympic Games , which includes a variety of winter sports 
I see . Then , what's your favorite winter sport 
Figure skating . In my eye , nothing beats it 
Then you must know Shen Due and Hao Hongbo 
Oh , I didn't expect you to know them . But yes , I love them not only because of many medals they've won , but also because of many medals they've won , but also because of their spirits 
You should go to talk with May . She is a big fan of them too 
Good morning 
Good morning.This is Mary.Can I speak to Anne please 
I ’ m sorry She isn ’ t in at the momment.She will come back at half past nineCan I take a message for her 
Thank you.But I will call her later
OK.Goodbye 
Goodbye 
How have you been feeling lately 
I ’ Ve been feeling a little light-headed lately 
Has your blood pressure been high before 
If I have high blood pressure , it is news to me 
Usually people with high blood pressure have no symptoms , so we call it the silent killer 
What do you use to check for high blood pressure 
I am going to put a cuff on you to get a reading 
What does the reading tell you 
I get an idea of the pressure in your arteries when your heart is pumping blood versus at rest 
I hope that the test results show me to be really healthy 
What a surprise meeting you here , Landy 
I ’ m here as a tourist 
It ’ s a small world , isn ’ t it 
Yes , it ’ s a small world . We never know where we ’ ll meet someone we know 
Tell me , what do you enjoy doing in your spare time 
I enjoy drawing and painting 
You know how to draw and paint 
Yes , I do 
When did you learn how to do that 
I learned back in high school 
Oh , so you took an art class 
Yeah , I loved that art class 
I see that you're pretty talented 
Thank you very much 
I wish I had a talent like that 
I'm sure you have a talent . It's just hidden 
I just won the lottery 
You're kidding 
Can I ask you a question 
Sure , go ahead 
How do you get along with the American students in your classes 
I don ’ t have much contact with them 
Really ? Why not ? Don ’ t you go up and talk to them 
No , I don ’ t . I ’ m too afraid of making mistakes in English . I don ’ t want to be laughed at 
You won ’ t get anywhere that way . You ’ re the one who needs to practice English , so you should make the first move . Besides , most American students are really friendly and outgoing . They will be glad to talk to you 
Thanks for the advice . I guess you ’ re right . It ’ s just hard to overcome my shyness . I really will try from now on . I promise 
I think my car can run much faster than yours 
But mine equals yours in economy 
That's true 
how's it going 
I'm in a really good mood , actually . How about you 
to be honest , I'm a bit fed up 
what's wrong 
well , my boyfriend was supposed to call me last night , but he never did 
that's too bad . I'm sure there's a logical explanation for it . Don't be too upset about it 
the thing is , this isn't the first time he's promised to do something and then didn't 
I see how that can get a bit annoying 
a bit ? I'm extremely annoyed that he didn't phone me when he promised me that he would ! He's such a liar 
so what are you going to do about it 
I don't know . I've got mixed feelings about it . On the one hand , I really want to end it with him , but on the other hand , I don't want to be without him 
what do you think would make you happier 
in the long run , I think breaking up with him would make me much happier , but I know that I'll be depressed about it for a few weeks first 
relationships can be confusing sometimes 
what would you do if you were me 
I'd call him and dump him now ! You deserve better than him 
Who are we going to play with today 
We are playing against Hainan 
Oh , the basketball team from No . 1 College ? I know they're a tough team 
Sure they are 
Who's winning 
We are , 27 to 26 
Really ? I thought that they'd been killing us by now 
How can it be ? We are a tough team as well 
Hi , I ’ m Susan.What ’ s your name , please 
My name is Zhang Ming.Nice to meet you , Susan 
Where do you come from 
I come from China.Are you American 
Yeah , that ’ s right.SO what are you studying 
Business management
That sounds interesting 
I wonder who that man is 
Which man 
The one smoking a cigar 
Oh , he's the coach of the football team 
I ’ d like to be fitted for a suit please 
Certainly . Have you decided which material you would like the suit to be made from ? We have a selection of materials over here 
Well , I thought that I would choose either this one or that one . I really want a dark blue suit . Which do you recommend 
This material is a little more expensive , but is of much higher quality 
Yes . I can feel the difference in material . There ’ s not much difference in price . Ok , I ’ ll take the more expensive one 
Fine . I ’ ll measure you for the suit ... shoulder ... waist ... inside leg ... forearm ... upper arm ... thank you . I ’ ll prepare the suit for you tomorrow . Could you come again the day after tomorrow just to check that the su
That ’ s fine . I would also like a few shirts and a jacket . I don ’ t need them specially made . Those shirts over there look very nice . Are they made of cotton 
Yes , they are . How many would you like and of which color 
I ’ ll take three light blue ones , please 
Are you looking for a casual jacket or something formal 
Just a casual one - a sport jacket . This one looks nice . I ’ ll just try it on ... yes , that ’ s fine . I ’ ll take it . Here ’ s my credit card 
Thank you very much , sir . I ’ ll put the shirts and jacket into a bag for you 
Thank you very much . I ’ ll see you the day after tomorrow 
Margaret , I'd like to follow up with the arrangements for our company retreat , to take place next month . We need to book the venue , make arrangements for speakers and door prizes , and set up all the activities and accommodations . Also , very important , we need to determine which of our staff will be eligible and will be available to go . We've got to get a head count in order to make reservations 
What's the criteria for staff to attend ? Are we only including our management team in this affair ? Or will we be extending invitations to lower level employees to attend 
Lower level employees need not attend . The purpose of this retreat is for training , especially for our management team . We want to develop a well-oiled machine on our executive level . In order to get everyone to jell together , we've got to include some fun . That's the reason for the retreat 
Actually , I was wondering what we should do if either one of us would like to terminate the contract 
Well , as a rule , the contract will become void automatically , if both sides do not agree to renew it when time comes 
I got it , but nevertheless . what I was saying just now was that how to terminate the contract before its term's up 
Oh , I am sorry . I misunderstood . Well , in that case , the contract can be canceled with a 2 month's notice . What do you say 
That sounds perfect for us 
Hello , I've got a letter here that I'd like to post 
Yes , where's it to , madam 
Well , the letter is going to a friend of mine in America and it's quite urgent . It really needs to be posted today , so here you are 
You want to send it airmail , madam 
I do want to send it airmail , yes 
I hear you are expecting your family 
Yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well 
I didn't know you had a brother 
Oh , yes , he is two years older than me . He lives in New Zealand so I don't see him that often 
Oh , nice . Is he coming on his own or with the family 
His son is coming as well . He wants to go to university here in England so they will visit a few universities while they are here 
Does your brother have just one son 
No , he has two daughters as well . His wife and daughters are visiting her parents . So I won't see them 
I'm sure your parents are looking forward to seeing their grandson 
Oh yes , they are really looking forward to it . They went to New Zealand last year and loved it 
So when are they all coming 
My parents are already here . My brother and nephew are arriving on Monday 
Your dog is so much fun . He ’ s so playful . I wish our cat enjoyed being around people as much as your dog does 
Cats are well know for being more independent than dogs . How old is your cat now ? you ’ Ve had her longer than we ’ Ve had our dog 
She ’ s eight years old . She ’ s getting quite old . Your dog ’ s six , isn ’ t he 
Yes . He ’ s so energetic . We take him out to the park every morning and evening . I think he ’ d be happy to stay there all day 
I ’ m sure he would . We usually have to drag him home 
Your cat spends most of the day outdoors ' , right ? Do you kino where she goes 
She spends less time outdoors and she used to . we have no idea where she goes . She ’ s very secretive . Occasionally , she brings back a dead mouse 
Have you ever thought about having another pet 
The kids want a rabbit . I don ’ t think it would be a good idea to get a mouse or a fish ! That might be too tempting for our cat 
Hi , Jenny . Are you going to school now 
Yup . I have English at 9 in the morning 
Got any plans after the class 
Not really . What about you 
We will have our midterm exams next month . I plan to look for some important books and study at the library . Do you want to join me 
Sure . I need to return some books . They are due today . Besides , I can also read some weekly publications , magazines and newspapers 
Great . We can go to the swimming pool in the gymnasium after that 
That sounds like a good idea . We can chill out a little in such a hot summer . Are you good at swimming 
Well , that's a good question . I haven't swum for almost two years . I think I need more practice 
Oh , it's almost 9 . I need to hurry . I am running late now . See you after class in front of the library then . Bye 
See you then 
Can I help you 
I'd like to buy a new mobile phone please 
Ok , would you like a phone with camera and MP3 player 
Yes please . And I ’ d like to be able to make video calls too 
Good afternoon . What service do you require 
I'd like to rent a safety deposit box here , please 
For what purpose exactly , if you don't mind me asking ? I must ask because I need to know the size , you see 
No problem . My husband bought me some beautiful jewellery for our anniversary and I don't feel safe keeping it in the house . Initially , on the advice of a friend , I stored it in the freezer 
What a lovely gift . Yes , I can understand why you wouldn't be comfortable keeping something so valuable at home . I think one of our small ones will be perfect . Do you have some ID with you 
Yes , right here . So , we can do this today , then ? That will definitely ease my mind 
Certainly , just fill in this form , please 
Okay , show me your card hand . Here's mine . I have three Kings and a pair of Aces 
How did you get that ? No need to show you my hand , I lose.This is not as much fun as the music concert we just saw 
Thanks again for buying the tickets . That was the most exciting live concert I've ever seen . That silver electric guitar was really cool 
They're quite popular now . Wasn't her voice good 
That , My Heart Will Go On . It warms my heart . you know , JanetJackson , Shanna Twain and Celine Dion are so very different 
Janet Jackson is more pop music.Shania sings country music . Celine just seems to hit all the right notes 
Have you heard Maria Carey 
Yes , l have two of her Cds , l'II lend them to you if you like 
Excellent . You can borrow my Janet Jackson's CD . It's her new one 
I hope you have a good stereo 
Why 
Because you have to hear it really loud to get the full concert effect 
Now , David , can I get you a drink ? What will you have 
Coffee , please 
What about you , Mary 
Coke is fine.Thank you 
May I help you 
I would like to check out these books 
May I see your library card , please 
Yes . Here you go 
Apparently , you have unpaid late fees 
I do 
You owe some money 
Exactly how much do I owe 
You owe $ 24.50 
I won ’ t be able to pay that right now 
Until you pay it , you can ’ t check out books 
I will pay it . Don ’ t worry 
How are you wedding plans going 
Very well . We started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done . The only thing that isn ’ t ready yet is my wedding dress 
When will that be ready 
The dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks 
You ’ re getting married in three weeks . So that should be ok . So , you ’ Ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything 
Yes . We ’ Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious 
Which hotel will the reception be held at 
The palace hotel they ’ re taking care of the catering , including the wedding cake . I ’ m sure they ’ ll do a good job 
Oh , yes . It ’ s and excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive 
Yes . It will be expensive , but we think it will be worth it . It gives us great peace of mind to know that our reception is in the hands of experienced people 
I think you make the right decision 
Hello , Pam 
I'm glad that you can make it 
It looks like there are a lot of people inside 
Yeah . I've invited a lot of friends besides you 
Should I take my shoes off 
We all keep our shoes on indoors 
Where are your parents 
They've gone out so that we could have the house to ourselves 
That's great 
Her ex-boyfriend was terrible , but this new one is even worse 
Out of the frying pan and into the fire 
I broke Mom's vase 
She's going to kill you 
What are your working hours 
Eight to twelve in the morning , two to six in the afternoon 
Much better than mine 
What are your hours 
Mine aren't fixed . Sometimes I do the day shift , sometimes the night shift 
Which is your preference , tea or coffee 
My choice would always be tea 
When did you form this hobby 
Last year when I visited China 
I'd like to see that pen , please 
You mean this one 
No , the other one in the brown case 
Oh , this one ... Here 
May I try it 
Sure 
It's very smooth . I'll take it 
Cash or charge 
Charge , please 
I have been getting headaches almost every day lately 
Have you just started getting a lot of headaches 
I never had very many headaches before , but the last few weeks I have been getting a lot of them 
Have you had any unusually stressful situations in your life lately 
My mother just passed away last Tuesday 
I ’ m sorry . How about sleep ? Are you getting enough rest 
I have been working really hard , and sleep has not been a priority 
Have you bumped your head or fallen lately 
No , I haven ’ t hit my head 
I am going to send you to a neurologist for a few tests 
Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months 
You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you 
Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true 
Of course it does ! They tell you general and obvious things like that you will be successful or have a big house . I think most of the times they are just scam artists 
Well , historically it is a practice that many cultures share . Reading the tarot cards , in the east they would even read tea leaves ! I even heard that there are people that make you smoke a cigar , and then read your ashes 
All superstitious nonsense ! I would still like to go to one and see what he or she has to say , just for kicks 
Small world , isn't it 
Indeed , it is 
I never imagined meeting you here 
It's really a surprise 
How was your date with Betty 
Let's change the subject 
Good morning . What can I do for you , sir 
I'd like to see some coats . Would you recommend me some of them 
Sure . Come to look at these styles . They sell very well 
Which models do you sell the most 
How about these ? They are the current bestsellers 
I like this style , but I don't like its color . Do you have this coat in yellow 
Yes , I will find one for you . Here you are . It's made of exceptionally good quality , pure wool , and is very soft 
It looks nice 
Yeah , this is the latest model.If you like it , you can try it on 
Daniel , what are you doing here ? Aren't you supposed to be at school now 
The same question to you 
Well , we shall make it a secret between us 
Deal , Where is Gucci 
She is the cheer-leader . They are required to put on a performance . Look ! Here they come 
Oh , look at her . She looks like one is the basketball babies in NBA 
I want to be like her 
Get real . Don't be so pathetic 
Hey , young man ! I'm your sis . Don't talk to me like that 
Oh , man , look at her , go ! She is amazing ! She should be my sis 
Boy , you've got such a crush on her , haven't you 
Yes , I want to be her boyfriend . Just like in the movie 
Are you out of your mind 
She told me she liked my new haircut . She thought it was cool 
Go ahead , have a try and be a joke 
Ye Ting , who are these people in the picture 
They're my family
So you have two brothers 
Yes , I'm the third child 
Hey , Jack , where's your car 
I got rid of that clunker . This is my new one 
Is that right ? It sure beats the old one 
Jump in , I'll give you a ride 
Ok . Boy , this looks expensive 
Yeah , it costed a bundle alright 
Wow , this's sinking a hole 
Yeah , this sucker is the fastest thing I've ever owned 
I believe it . Hoo , this car corners like it's on rails 
We are on the high way . I'm the * * 
Wow , this car can really burn rubber 
It's a great feeling 
You made a perfect choice , Jack 
Thanks , Daisy 
How was your appraisal with the boss 
Oh it was really good . Do you know , he ’ s the nicest boss I ’ Ve had here 
Yes , I think he ’ s the most relaxed person in management 
What ’ s more , he said I was the hardest working person in the office 
That ’ s good . Maybe you ’ ll get promoted 
I hope so . Then I ’ ll be the happiest person in our office too 
Do you drive a car yourself 
Yes , I just bought new car , I drive to work everyday 
Great ! When you become new driver , you are better drive as carefully as possible 
Sure , I see safety is most important thing ! Accident is awful ! I will take your advice 
Besides , traffic signal in downtown area are very annoying , are they 
Yes , definitely ! You can't drive freely 
Now , we are out of the town , you can drive freely 
Compare with speaking , yes ! But things are not good as you expecting 
Why not 
Can you see that road side help 
Yes , We are going to across real road 
That's right . We have to slow down again . If we haven't meet the passing tree , we have to stop a car away 
What other signs what we see in road area like this 
There are a plenty of signs such as Watch for children 
So it looks like we start selling in the U . S . next year 
Did Mr . Lin put you in charge of marketing 
He's still not sure whether he wants to put me in charge , or whether he wants to hire an American.But even if he hires an American , I'll probably be transferred to our American office 
Where will it be 
We aren't sure yet . Maybe L . A . I think L . A . would be the best idea 
Is it because of trade negotiations that we can start selling in the U . S . 
Yes , the recent agreements between the two governments have changed everything.Now we have the right to sell in America at a much lower tariff.It ' s going to be good . We can compete more directly with them 
Great 
Our computers have a high level of quality now.We can demonstrate it . And our prices will be good.So I think it will really be worthwhile 
You seem excited about it 
Well , you know I studied marketing in America.So maybe the thought of going back there to promote our brand is kind of exciting to me . I'd love to be part of the team 
Do you honestly think we can compete though ? All the computer giants are there 
Yes , I do . I think we can compete . I think we can make a name for ourselves.It will be hard at first . But if we develop a good advertising campaign , I think we can break into the market 
The company will have to choose a good advertising firm.And then there's the problem of quality.How do we convince American buyers that our quality is good 
It takes some time.Because even if the quality is high , people won't accept a high tech product unless they recognize the name.Name recognition is crucial 
Well , I hope it all works out , John . I think if you're part of the team , things will go well.But you know we'd all miss you here . So I won't say I'm happy to think that you're leaving 
That's very nice of you to say.But if we set up an office there in the States , maybe you could try to become part of it 
Me ? No way . I'm dedicated to the company , but I'm not going to leave Taiwan . I'm happy here 
In foreign trade , exporters have to adjust their product in a timely manner 
How to adjust 
Exporters must ensure that their product satisfies customers ' needs , wants and likes 
Ah , some products are successful at home , but not be popular overseas 
That's because the fashion , taste and social customs and so on vary considerably 
Yes , sometimes the differences are great 
Well , we should be in accordance with national conditions and adjust the product 
We have to ensure that the product should be attractive to guarantee sales 
Hello 
Hi 
How are you 
I'm good . How are you 
Good . Do you speak English 
A little . Are you American 
Yes 
Where are you from 
I'm from California 
Nice to meet you 
Nice to meet you too 
I feel I work harder when I am under pressure 
Me too . I get much more done when I am under the gun 
What can I do for you , Miss 
I want to buy a bottle of perfume for myself 
Well , here is a perfume kind for women 
I don't like strong perfumes 
How about this Isawell's flowery perfume 
I don't think it smells nice 
Do you have green tea perfume 
Yes , here you are 
May I have a look at this 
Sure . The bittersweet perfume has a calming effect on the nerves 
I like this fragrance 
How much is it 
150 yuan 
I'll take it 
I'm so hungry ! I haven't late eaten all day 
Take your mind off it . Look , Crys.This magazine is on China's top ten beauties 
They're all so thin ! Her cheekbones are great 
She doesn't have an ounce of fat on her face 
The mag says she's 165 centimeters tall and 38 kilos . If only we could be that thin then ..
Not even drinking milk for one month would get us like that 
Oh , bathroom blues 
Look at this girl's gray dress 
I went to try it on yesterday , but it only came in extra small 
Last time I wore extra small was when I was in fifth grade 
( Weigh herself ) Hey , I lost a kilo in a week with my all-fruit diet . If I keep going , I can wear that dress next month 
So why are you dieting this time anyway ? Another guy 
Dieting . It's the price we pay to make men notice us 
The girls in this magazine are so slender 
They're also way younger than us 
True.You know , I First started dieting when I was ten 
You never worked out 
Oh , no . Too much work . I hate to sweat . It's so gross 
I'm going to the bank 
What do you need to do 
I need to withdraw some money 
How are you going to do that 
I'll just use the ATM 
What's that 
It's the Automatic Teller Machine 
It gives you money 
I just insert my debit card into the machine 
And it gives you money 
Well , it gives me money , but it's my own money 
Oh . What good is that ? I thought it gave you free money 
Hello . Gail Willows speaking 
Ms Willows , hello . This is Daniel calling from IBA Bank 
Hello , Daniel . What can I do for you 
I'm calling to notify you that an Export L / C has arrived for you 
Oh , really ? Do you know which company it's from 
Yes , it's from Satura Beds of Tokyo 
Ah , great ! I'll send someone over to pick it up . Thanks for calling 
Hello ? Can you give me a tow ? My tour car's stranded 
Sure . Where are you 
I'm on highway 1-75 going near exit 46 
What kind of car 
It's a blue Nissan minivan 
Where are you going to 
The closest garage . What's the charge 
You are within 50 kilometers , so it's a 50 - dollar flat rate 
How long will it take 
About 20 to 30 minutes 
Thanks 
Hello , I am Richard from the Brooks Head-hunter company . Can I have a private talk with you 
Er ? I am driving right now . Can you call back in 30 minutes 
Sure . Hi , Monica , Richard again . Have you ever heard about our company ? It is an international one with good reputation . We have a lot of successful cases . If you ’ re trying advance your career , I would love to help you . XYZ Company is one of our clients . They ’ re in need of the talent like you . Would you be interested in taking part in an interview ? It is scheduled some time within this week 
Thank you for calling . I really appreciate your kindness . But right now , I ’ m very busy preparing for an interview of another company . I don ’ t think I am available for this opportunity 
Ok , I see . Good luck to you . You have my number . Call me when you change your mind . I can send you more detailed information about company and jobs you might be interested in if you give me your private e-mail address 
Well , I will text to you . Thank you , bye for now 
You ’ re welcome . Bye 
That dress is very pretty . Why don ’ t you like it 
It ’ s too loud 
We ’ Ve been looking around for many hours.What on earth are you looking for 
Well , you know , those styles or colors don ’ t suit me 
What style do you want 
I want to buy a V-neck checked sweater , and it should be tight 
Oh , I see.How about the color 
Quiet color 
I know a shop selling this kind of sweaters 
Really ? Let ’ s go there 
Darling , this dress is for you . I hope you like it 
Oh , very beautiful . Thank you , Steven , I like it very much 
Your birthday is coming , and I think this dress suits you . Why not try it now 
My birthday present ? I can't help telling you that I am a happy woman , darling . I will come back soon . ( Go to her bedroom and wear the new dress , then show it to Steven . 
It fits me exactly . How does it look like 
It displays your slender figure , darling 
The most important thing is that you bought it for me . I am happy that you know my size and style 
Because you are my dear wife 
Nick ! How ’ s it going 
Oh , hey ..
What are you doing in this neighbourhood ? Do you live around here 
Actually , my office is right around the corner 
It was great to meet you last week at the conference . I really enjoyed our conversation about foreign investment 
Yeah , yeah , it was really interesting . You know , I'm in a bit of a hurry , but here ’ s my card . We should definitely meet up again and continue our discussion 
Sure , you still have my contact details , right 
You know what , this is really embarrassing , but your name has just slipped my mind . Can you remind me 
Sure , my name is Ana Ferris . Don ’ t worry about it . it happens to me all the time . I ’ m terrible with names too 
Hello , Sir . We haven't seen you for quite a while . So , what is it today that we can do for you 
I need a Deposit Certificate to handle some stuff in land 
I see , yes , I can do that now . I'm sure you know , as I may have told you before , you should pay an extra 20 RIB handling fee for this service 
Yes , I recalled you charging that before . And I thought it was extortionate ! Haha 
I can just take it from your account , you don't need to give me cash 
OK ... so it'll come out of my account ? Well , that makes it much easier 
Anything else you'll be needing today , Sir 
Nope . That's everything , thanks 
Good morning 
Ah , hello . Do you have a service for buying Traveller's Cheques 
Yes , we do . How can I help ? I can give you a simple introduction , if you'd like 
That would be wonderful 
We usually recommend our clients buy US Dollar Traveller's Cheques , as they can be exchanged for local currency all over the world . They are certainly the most versatile 
But what if something happened to them ? What would happen to my money 
As soon as you purchase your Traveller's Cheques from us , you are covered . No matter if you lose them or they are stolen , we will replace them promptly . All we ask is for you to write down the reference number of each cheque and keep it in a safe place away from the actual cheques . We will need that number if you need to make a claim 
OK , I'd like to purchase 500 US dollars worth of Traveller's Cheques , please 
Hi , Daisy 
Hi Simon . Nice to meet you again
I hope you are Settling in at school 
I am ! I've made lots of friends and I really enjoy my courses 
Good ! Me too ! By the way . you didn't tell me what you are studying here 
Didn't I ? I'm doing business studies 
Really ? That's great . You hope to join a company after graduating 
Maybe . My parents moved to Canada the year when I was born . We are living in Toronto . Suppose I might get a job in Toronto when I graduate . It's too soon to say really 
What about your friend Zoe
She's from Australia . She lives in Sydney . Her father runs a hotel business there and she is doing a degree in accountancy 
Accountancy ? Really ? She must be very good at figures 
I guess so . What about you , Simon 
I'm studying law 
Great ! So I'll know who to call if I ever need a lawyer 
Sure , welcome anytime
Wow ! That's a fantastic movie 
Yes . I love it , too 
Who was the director 
I'm not sure , but I think it must be directed by Zhang You . That's typical of him 
I think that the company retreat should be in the mountains this year 
What a great idea 
January would be a good month for a mountain retreat 
I like the mountain idea , but I am not so sure about the month of January 
You know , now that I think about it , you might be right 
April might be nice . It is far enough away to make the necessary arrangements 
That is a good suggestion 
We could ask everyone what would be the best time for them 
Yeah , that would let us know what would work best 
I'll put the survey online this afternoon 
It sure is hot . Why don't we go in the Haunted House ? At least it will be air conditioned 
I've told you a thousand times . I don't want to go in the Haunted House.It ' s too scary 
Well . Maybe I'll go alone then . I really don't want to miss it 
Go alone if you want . I will wait at that cafe and have a soda 
It might take a long time . Because there is a line , you know 
I know . But if you don't go in the Haunted House , you won't be happy.So I will wait for you . It's no problem 
Thanks 
How was it 
I'm sorry it took so long 
Don't worry about it . But how was it 
Hi Julie , how are things going 
Everything is great , Tad . How are you 
I'm doing really well 
Tad , I'm pretty hungry right now . Want to walk over and check out the food table 
Julie , do you know who that woman is over there by the window 
That is Mary . I heard that she's just moved in with Lee 
I thought that he was with Malia 
Oh , that relationship is history . Malia hooked up with a guy she met on holiday 
I bet that Lee wasn't too happy with that 
Actually , he was OK with it . They hadn't been getting along too well 
So , what happened 
He never came 
He stood you up 
I wouldn ’ t exactly characterize it in that way . I think something happened . Something terrible and unexpected that made it impossible for him to ... what if he showed up , took one look at me and left 
Not possible 
Maybe , there was a subway accident 
Absolutely 
A train got trapped underground with him inside 
And no phone 
And you know , how those express trains create suction 
I don't know , but he gives me the creeps 
Just take it easy . If he starts to bother you , let me know and I'll call security 
But what if he knows my name , where I live ..
Don't get all worked up over him . He's probably harmless 
Actually , he's really good-looking . Too bad he's a weirdo 
You never know . Maybe he's just an innocent , lonely guy ..
Now he's looking over here ! He's coming 
OK ! I'll call security 
I understand we will need seven air conditioning units on the two floors.That ' s what you think , yes 
Yes . You could use five or six units.But five or six wouldn't be very efficient . I recommend seven 
And if we take the Decker units you suggested , what would the price be 
Let me calculate the price for you . I can give you a 15 % discount if you buy the seven units.Let ' s see here . Your total would be 5929 dollars 
Isn't there any way we can get central air conditioning in this building 
As I said , it is possible , but it would be much more expensive . I think it would be at least 12000 dollars to do a complete system 
That's too much . We need to use the separate units , I guess 
It's more practical , and the new units really are very quiet.Your customers won't even notice them 
So you say we can do it for 6000 dollars 
Yes , that's for the units.Installation would probably be another 700 to 1000 dollars.But it depends on the time spent , of course 
You mean installation isn't included ? I'm very surprised 
No , Ma'am . Installation isn't included.The price I quoted was just for the units 
In Taipei , you know , the company usually installs the things they sell.They don't charge extra 
I know that , Ma'am . But they would just raise the price of the units to cover their costs.Here in L . A . , installation is charged separately 
Yes , I suppose I should get used to it.But I'm not really willing to spend more than 6000 dollars for this.We haven't even opened yet 
I understand , Ma'am 
And the other company that gave me a quote on this said they could do it for 4000 dollars 
It's a question of quality , Ma'am . At that price , you would not get good equipment . I've been in this business for almost twenty years . I know what happens.If you don't get quality air conditioning now , you will just have to replace the system after two years 
I will tell you what I can agree to.If you can quote me a price of 6000 dollars , installation included , I can accept 
Well 
You do seem like a better company than the other one.So I am willing to pay more than 4000 for you . But I won't pay more than 6000 
Well , we don't usually do it , but ... I believe we can accommodate you on this.We will do the installation for free . Because we appreciate your business 
Good . I hope we can arrange the contract as soon as possible 
Oh , it's getting late . I've got to run . It was nice talking to you , karren 
Thanks , Tim.Nice meeting you , too 
I guess we'll see just around 
Ye , I hope so.well.Take it easy 
You too 
Dai Ling 
Oh , Henry , I haven't seen you for ages . Come in . Let me take your coat . How are you getting along 
Very well , thank you 
Please take a seat . Everything would be ready in a minute 
Can you bring me a glass of orange juice , please ? I am quite thirsty 
Here you are . Here you go . We have cocktail and salad , fried chicken , French fries and icecream for dessert . Eating chicken while it's hot . it tastes better 
Wow , you're right . Everything is absolutely delicious . Please pass the pepper 
Here you are . Taste the French fries 
They're soft 
Would you like some more 
No more , thank you 
Here is to our friendship and health 
Bottom is up 
Song , I hate to say goodbye , but I have to 
Nice meeting you , Kevin . I hope to see you again 
Let's keep in touch 
Sure , let's . Goodbye , then 
Mr . Simpson , if you are free , how about a lunch 
When do you have in mind 
How about Thursday 
That will be fine with me 
I know of a place you'll like and you have got to be there 
Good . I'll be there at 12:30 
OK , see you then 
See you 
Now let me tell you your definite duties in this office and this is your desk . Please sit down 
I see . Thank you . Sir , what kind of duties will I do 
B , your main duty is to answer phone calls and transfer files to the person who wants them . Is that difficult 
It's easy . Is there anything I can do for you , sir 
Well . I have nearly forgotten . Mr Green from ABC Company had an appointment with me , but I will be very busy at that time . If he calls , you can tell him the appointment will be changed to next week 
I will leave a memo for you , sir 
Laura told me today that she has a friend with a car for sale 
Oh , she did ? Then it's a used car of course 
Yes , it's used , but she said it was in very good shape . It's a small foreign car 
What else did she tell you ? Did she tell you how many miles there are on it 
She thinks it has about twenty-five or thirty thousand miles 
That's not bad . What about the price ? Did she tell you how much her friend wants for the car 
Three thousand dollars 
Three thousand ! That's almost too good to be true . Did she say why her friend wants to sell it 
He lives in the city and you know how expensive it is to keep a car in the city 
Well , we can see it for ourselves . Did she tell you when we can go and look at it 
No , but she gave me her friend's telephone number . I can call him and make an appointment 
What reasons do westerners drink for 
I don't think drinking requires any special purposes . For us people in the West , the purpose is generally quite simple-to savor the wine 
I know what you mean there . In many circumstances , people kiss the baby for the nurse's sake . And that's what we do when drinking at a banquet . Even though we do have a rich variety of brand-name wines , like Matai and Showing Yellow Rice Wine , alcohol is usually served not for the enjoyment itself . We just be its Dionysus effect to enliven the atmosphere , improve personal association with each other and solidify friendship 
And to make matters worse , you're urged to drink " one more cup time and again.There is too much etiquette to observe . You'II be set free at a Western banquet It seems we are keen to make it convenient as possible to savor the wine , its color , its aroma and its delicate taste 
Yeah . It's of supreme importance that the goblet , table-cloth , and plates should be made shiningly clean , so that the color of the wine is clearly visible and the delicate aroma and taste are fully appreciable 
Yes . For me , who can't hold much liquor , it's particularly agreeable . If only I had thechance to enjoy Chinese Matai at a leisured pace while sitting at a Western banquet 
What's combined transportation 
If the goods are to be transshipped from one means of transportation to another during the course of the entire voyage , it's called ' combined transportation ' 
Why is it necessary 
It's simpler and cheaper to arrange multi-model combined transportation 
What did you major in 
I major in Chemistry 
What is your specialty 
Organic Chemistry is my specialty 
It seems that something is praying heavy on you.What ’ s the matter 
I got my father ’ s goat last night 
What did you do to get his goat 
When I asked him to treat me like he does to my sisters , he jumped down my throat . So I took it out on him by telling him what I thought 
The negotiation of the price has taken us a long time . I hope the following negotiation about quality will be quicker 
I think so , too . Our only request is that the quality is in conformity with the contract stipulations 
Don't worry . Our quality is based solely on our sales samples 
But what will you do if the goods we receive are not standard 
We are sure to responsible to replace the defective ones 
That's great 
Excuse me , Alex 
What can I do for you , Kim 
I was wondering if you could get together with me to go over the payroll 
Sure , anytime 
How many persons are there in your family 
There are three , my parents and I 
Do you live together 
No , I live alone in a flat near my work place 
Do you often go back to see your parents 
Yes , almost once a week 
I'm going to the United Stated to attend my daughter's commencement 
How nice ! Are you going to convert some RIB to US dollars 
Yes . But I will not take much cash with me I can ask the bank to give me the traveler's checks . So it will be safer 
How can you cash them when you arrive in the United States 
I will go to the bank , give them my check , show them one piece of my identifications , and the most important thing is that I should sign my name to endorse the check 
It sounds quite simple . Next time when I travel abroad , I will apply for this kind of check too 
He thought he could take Jimmy in , but you know , Jimmy is no fool 
So 
So Jimmy just took him in instead and it cost him an arm and a leg 
You mean finally Henry bought the broken car himself 
Exactly . Herry is almost broken now 
I ’ m sure it will be wet when we arrive 
Yes . I dare say it will be 
It will be Sunday so I expected everything will be closed 
No . I don ’ t think that ’ s possible . Some places are sure to be open 
But the bank should be closed so we shouldn't to be able to get some money 
Mmm , you may be right 
Do you think we ’ ll need our overcoats 
No . We couldn ’ t possibly 
Why not 
It will be summer . So it will be hot 
Is that very likely in England 
Yes . It could happen 
The trouble is not that . It is that he may suddenly remember something I promised him a couple of weeks ago , out of a clear blue sky . Then he complains that I have gone back on my words 
Does he do that with his Dad ? I mean , does he complain things to his father 
He never does , and in fact , he seldom communicates with him 
But didn ’ t you say that his Dad takes him under his wings 
Yes , I did . He only takes side with him . He seldom asks what Dick is doing 
Can I help you , sir 
I want to have a haircut 
Please take a seat . Do you need a shampoo 
How much is a regular haircut without shampoo 
$ 10 
And how much for haircut with shampoo 
The total charge is $ 15 
Since it is , I need a haircut with shampoo 
Well , what shampoo do you prefer 
SEEK , please 
( 5 minutes later ) What sort of hairstyles do you like 
What hairstyle do you feel will look best on me 
I think a crew cut is the most suitable for you 
I have the same idea as you 
Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is 
That's over on Callaway Street , isn't it 
Yes , but I can't find Callaway Street 
Walk that way for about four blocks . The hotel's about two blocks north of there 
Thanks a lot 
Not at all 
I love your bracelet . When did you get it 
I got it a while ago , but I haven't worn it much . You really like it 
Yeah . It's beautiful . Is it white gold or silver 
It's white gold 
Where did you buy it 
My boyfriend took me to the Shane Co . and he let me pick it out 
That's so sweet . What was the occasion 
That's the best part . It wasn't for anything special . He just wanted to buy me something 
You're so lucky . If he bought you something for no special day , I wonder what he would buy you for your birthday 
My birthday is coming up . We'll find out pretty soon 
What do you want 
I wouldn't mind a necklace . I was at the jewelry shop looking around , and they have a couple of beautiful necklaces I want 
Why not a ring 
I don't think I'm ready for a ring from him yet 
But you're ready for everything else 
Akha 
I'd like to say good-bye to everyone 
What time are you going 
My plane leaves at seven twenty-five 
Well , good-bye and have a good trip 
Good-bye . Remember to look me up if you're ever in Washington 
Where can I get my baggage 
Are you from a domestic flight or an international one 
An international one from Seattle 
In that case , you should go to the baggage hall over there 
Oh yes , I see the sign , thank you 
I'd like to send this parcel to Spain , please 
Do you want to send it by airmail or by surface mail 
Well , how long will it take if I send it by surface mail 
About five weeks 
Oh , dear . It won't get there for New Year's Day if I send it by surface mail . How much will it cost if I send it by air 
Just a moment . I'll weigh it 
Hello , it's my first time in Egypt . What would you advise me to see here 
There are many famous resorts in Egypt . You can have a good time here 
But I'm going to stay here only for two days 
I'm afraid two days isn't enough for you to see all the places of interest 
What shall I do then 
If I were you , the pyramid would be my first choice . It's so magnificent 
It's really worth seeing . By the way , I'd like to buy some souvenirs 
You needn't worry about it . There are many stores at the scenic spots . I'm sure you can get what you want 
OK . I know what to do now . Thank you 
I got a ninety-five on my test 
So what ? I got a ninety-nine 
Excuse me ! What time is it ? My watch stopped 
Let me see . It's 9
Is your watch right 
I think so . I set it by the radio this morning 
By the way , can you tell me what the date it is today , and what day it is , please 
Well , it's the 10th and on the Tuesday 
so , how should we go to the theatre 
let's take the bus 
I hate the bus system in London ! The bus drivers are rude , the buses are never on time , and there are few people around who can help you 
it's not that bad . You probably just had a bad experience once 
it wasn't just once . Every single time I take the bus , something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus 
we could take the subway , but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice 
train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare , too 
if we don't hurry up , we'll miss the show . Should we take the bus 
we're already late , so I think we had better take a taxi 
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours . Let's just take the bus 
fine . Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives 
it looks like it should be here in just a few minutes 
don't worry . Nothing bad will happen . I'll even buy your ticket for you 
thanks , that was nice of you 
see , now something good has happened to you on a bus trip 
How come it is slow as a snail today 
You mean the network connection 
Yes , I wanted to look for some information on the company page just now . It took me almost one minute to open it . Then there is no response to any click 
I have the same question . I can ’ t send out mails . We ’ d better call the IT department and ask them to check it immediately 
Ok 
May I help you 
Yes . I'd like to send this parcel to Changchun 
How do you want to send it 
I guess I'll send it by airmail 
Is there anything valuable 
No , there are only some vases 
They are fragile articles . They must be packed in a proper strong box . Your light cardboard box won't do 
Have you got boxes for sale 
Yes 
Is it all right this time 
Yes . Now fill in two customs declarations and one despatch note in English . You'll have to take your parcel to the next window for examination when you have completed the forms 
OK 
Have you written down your return address 
Yes , I have 
It's almost midnight ! We are about to start a brand new year 
I know it's so exciting ! A new year is always like a clean slate . Fresh start to accomplish any dreams , objectives and goals 
Do you have a New Year's resolution 
I was thinking about it , but I'm never able to keep my New Year's resolution . Last year for example I joined a gym and only went twice 
Yeah I know what you mean . That's why this year I am keeping things more simple . Maybe like getting together with friends I haven't seen in a long time , or doing some volunteering work 
That seems reasonable . We should get together and watch the ball drop in Times Square 
Sure , as long as you don't try to kiss me at midnight 
Well , we can't break tradition ! It's bad luck 
Good morning . Sanyu Restaurant . May I help you 
What time do you open this evening 
We open at 6:30 , sir 
I see . I'd like to reserve a table for two 
Yes , sir . What time would you like your table , sir 
I'm not sure , perhaps around 8 pm 
Fine ! I'll reserve a table for two at 8 pm , sir . May I have your name , please 
Davis 
Thank you , Mr . Davis 
Oh , any chance of a table by the window ? My wife loves the bird's eye view . As it's her birthday , I want it to be a celebration 
I see . We have already received many bookings and though I can't guarantee anything , please be assured that we'll try our best , Mr . Davis . I hope you'll understand 
I do , but I would appreciate you , if it could be arranged 
We'll try our best 
Thank you 
Is there a doctor here 
No 
Can you call an Ambulance 
Sure , what's happened 
Here comes the last course ! Shall I help you to the dish 
I'd rather not have it if you don't mind . I'll have soup instead . I'm supposed to be on a diet 
But I can't resist a good dinner 
you look better today . How did your test go 
much better than it did yesterday 
did you pass 
I not only passed my test , but I aced it ! I'm so happy 
you should be . You worked really hard last night preparing for it 
thanks for helping me with it . If you hadn't encouraged me to do my best , I wouldn't have ever been able to pass 
you don't have to thank me . It's just a part of my job as your counsellor 
did you always do well at school 
no , in fact , I was terrible at taking exams 
really 
sure , but my teachers always encouraged me to do the best that I could and that helped me a lot . When are your final exams 
I'll get my finals in two months 
when do you plan on studying for those exams 
most students just cram the night forehead 
do you think that's a good idea 
no , I think I should study a little bit at a time , starting a few weeks before the exam 
that sounds like a good idea . What are you going to do if you have any questions while you're studying 
I'll go and talk to my professor or a learning support assistant 
it sounds like you've learned something useful this year 
Excuse me.Could you please tell me where the train station is 
It's two blocks down the road 
Mark is parade his knowledge again 
Yeah ! He ’ s very good at showing off his knowledge 
A well-learned person never does that 
A friend told me might find a room here 
Yes . I'll have a room free next week 
What do you charge 
12,000 yuan a year , but you can't have visitors live in it 
OK . Would it be all right to look at the room first 
Could you come back later ? We're right in the middle of dinner 
Excuse me , Dr.Steward , I wonder if I could talk with you about my paper 
Yes , of course.When 
Will you be free this afternoon , say from 3 to 4 
Now let me check my schedule ... OK , you could to my office then 
Good morning , Madam , can I take your order now 
Yes , I'd like to have a roast chicken leg 
Anything else 
No 
How about drink 
No , enough 
Please wait a moment 
Waiter , come back 
OK . What's up , Madam 
It's not too salty 
OK 
Waiter , come back again 
Yes , anything wrong 
Not too rare 
Yes , I see 
Why do you come back again 
There's a question I want to ask you 
What's that 
Which leg do you want to have , right leg or left one 
Thanks , thanks a lot and thanks a million 
Why do you say so many thanks 
I can't forget about this when next time 
Our company's wei-ya is tomorrow night ! It's your first Chinese New Year in Taiwan--you must be excited 
Excited ? What's there to be excited about ? It's just another company dinner , right 
You have no idea ! There's a banquet with prizes , performances ... you name it 
Really ? What kind of prizes 
Well , I heard that last year Vivian from accounting won a new car 
A new car ! You're kidding 
No , really ! And she told me the secret to winning , wear red underwear 
Wear red underwear ? ! Does that really work ? Are you going to try it 
Of course ! I'm not only going to wear red underwear , but I'm going to wear red socks and a red shirt , too 
Gee , I don't think I own any red underwear , but I can buy some 
That guy's manner really turns me off 
Yeah.He never stops asking questions 
Maybe he's abnormal 
By the way , where's Jim 
He is out 
This bus goes all the way to Santa Anita mall , right 
Yeah , it'll take us there 
Are you positive 
I always catch this bus 
How long is this bus ride 
It only takes about half an hour 
Where do we get off at 
We can get off the bus right behind Macy's 
There's a stop right next to the mall 
Yeah , it's right in the parking lot 
That's cool 
Yeah , I know 
I am not convinced by your explanation . Could you explain it 
Sorry , I really can't do that . There's little time left for us 
I can't accept your excuse . It's five o'clock 
But I have an appointment with Ann 
Ok , sounds good . But I think it's your trick 
What's the matter with you then ? You look miserable 
It's us 
What do you mean by us 
Well , you always say you're busy 
That's right 
And you often go back to live with your parents and leave our son in the room by himself 
I ... I ... I miss my parents , also they miss me 
Oh I remember , I cut terrible calls , and you didn't say anything about it 
You mean I am groaned a few words 
Totally not . Perhaps it's about our marriage 
Gary . Could you type up this report for me ? I have to take off early this afternoon 
Sure . Just leave it to me . I'll finish it 
There are advertisements everywhere here in hong kong . The city is so bright at night , with all the neon signs 
I like it . It makes the city feel alive . I like all the different colors and I like the billboards with eye-catching pictures and slogans 
I think that there are too many of them . I think that companies spend far too much money on advertising . They should have lower prices instead . Then they would see more 
I see your point , but if companies didn ’ t spend money on advertising , no one would hear about their products . I agree that some form of advertising can be annoying . I don ’ t like it when people try to give you leaflets with information about products you have no intention of buying 
I really hate receiving spam . I also dislike having to listen to advertisements and jingles when they are broadcast in stores or on the subway 
Yes , that annoys me too . With billboards , you can look away , but with broadcasts , you can ’ t avoid them . I like the way that advertising agencies use comedy in their campaign 
I like that too . I don ’ t like the way that advertising campaign often tell you if you don ’ t buy a certain product , you ’ re not cool or modern or efficient or something 
That kind of advertising seems to be very common with brand name products . They are always trying to maintain brand loyalty 
May I help you , sir 
I want a pair of locus 
Take a look at the ones on display , please 
I need size 41 
Good morning . What can I do for you 
Christmas Day is coming . I want to buy several postcards to send to my family and friends . Can you recommend me some 
Of course . How about these postcards ? They are specially designed for Christmas 
These postcards are great . I want to buy a dozen with different pictures 
No problem . You can choose what you like 
How much is a postcard 
A postcard costs you five yuan . A dozen postcards cost you 60 yuan 
OK . Here is the money . Thank you very much 
You are welcome 
Honey , do you know what color the carrot is 
Mom , it's orange 
Wow , my son is so clever 
Mom , that's a stupid question 
Really 
I am not a child at all . I know more 
Oh , my son looks like a grown-up 
Sure . Mom , I can take care of you 
No kidding . So tell me what's your favorite color 
I like blue . You see , that's the color of the sky . I wanna be a superman 
Why 
I hope I can fly to any place like superman . So I can touch the sky 
OK , superman . Put on your cape , we are going to fly home 
Can you help me , please ? Is there a public restroom near here 
I'm sorry , but I don't think so 
Oh , no ! ! My son needs a bathroom 
Well , there's a department store on Grant Street . There are restrooms in the basement 
Where on Grant Street 
Between Second and Third Streets . The store is across from the hotel 
Thank you very much 
You're welcome 
You can't beat me at tennis 
Do you want to bet 
I don't think we've met 
No , I don't think we have 
My name is Dick Brown 
How do you do ? Mr . Brown . I am Susan Heywood 
Mr . Smith often talked about you 
Really ? I am glad to meet you 
I'm honored to know you 
I think it might be a good idea to work as a guide 
Where do you intend to go 
Three Gorges of the Yangtze River 
That's beautiful 
What's wrong with you 
I feel so tired 
I really recommend you go for a run in the morning 
Why ? I'd just be dead tired for the rest of the day 
On the contrary ! It really refreshes you and gets you ready to attack the day 
Are you sure 
Yes , I often feel like a million dollars after work , like I can take on anything 
OK . Let me try 
Did you read this ? It says that the number one new years resolution make is to spend more time with friends and family 
Why would that be funny 
Well , think about it . We are a society that is always on the go , not because we have to , but because we want to 
Why 
We work hard and spend less time at home because we are trying to provide for our family with goods and services that are usually unnecessary 
I don ’ t agree , but anyways , I think you should start thinking of a new year ’ s resolution yourself 
What ’ s the point ? We always make a new year ’ s resolution and by February we will have forgotten about it . It ’ s pointless 
Well then maybe you should resolve to sticking to your goals and objectives 
What about you ? Your gym bag is gathering dust and you still have brand new running shoes that are yet to be jogged in 
Well , I would go if you kept your promise of going to the gym with me everyday 
Yeah , yeah , whatever 
Where do you come from 
I come from England 
What's the climate like in your country 
It's mild , but it's not always pleasant.The weather's often cold in the North and windy in the East . It's often wet in the West and sometimes warm in the South 
Which seasons do you like best 
I like spring and summer . The days are long and the nights are short . The sun rises early and sets late . I don't like autumn and winter . The days are short and the nights are long . The sun rises late
How do you do ? My name is Beef Hart 
How do you do ? My name is John White 
Happy to see you 
The pleasure is all mine 
May I help you 
I'm just browsing , thanks 
We're on clearance sale now . Prices have up to twenty percent off . Do not miss the chance 
Well , how about fifty percent discount ? If so , I'll buy that fur coat 
Madam , you know we ’ re clearing out stock now . It ’ s a real bargain 
So won ’ t you come down any more 
Thirty percent discount , OK ? That ’ s the lowest price 
I would love to rent this apartment 
I ’ m happy to hear you say that 
How much are you asking for every month 
I ’ m renting this apartment out for $ 1050 a month 
That is quite a lot of money for just one month 
That is a fair price 
What do you say to $ 850 a month 
That ’ s no good 
It ’ s either $ 850 or nothing at all 
I won ’ t go any lower than $ 1050 
Could you please go lower 
That ’ s the best I can do 
I've come to say goodbye 
When do you leave 
I'm catching the eleven o'clock train 
Take care of yourself and don't forget to keep in touch 
Goodbye . Hope to see you again next year 
Oh , so many kinds of winter hats 
What is your favorite color , miss 
Red 
Here you are.It ' s very attractive 
May I try it on 
Go ahead 
Is there a mirror around here 
Right over there 
Does it suit me 
Yes , you look very nice 
How much is it 
We're having a clearance sale . $ 4 plus tax 
That's quite reasonable 
I want to buy some cloth to make a curtain . Which one is better 
What about the twill ? It washes well and won't lose shape 
What about the cotton one 
Well , it's cheap and actually the color fades easily when washed 
This is the good life ! We have it good don ’ t you think 
Yeah of course ! Although , don ’ t you ever wonder what could have been 
What do you mean 
Well , sometimes I think of how things could have turned out if I had done things a little differently 
For example 
Like for example , if I hadn ’ t studied architecture , I would have become an artist like I wanted to 
I see . Yeah now that I think of it , I wouldn ’ t have gotten married if I hadn ’ t moved to this town and met Sally 
You see ! Everything happens for a reason ! We wouldn ’ t even have met if I hadn ’ t been in that car accident ten years ago 
Well , I have no regrets 
I ’ ll drink to that 
Have you heard about the robbery 
I saw the whole thing happen 
For real 
I was in the bank during the robbery 
What went down 
Some dude came into the bank with a gun 
Are you serious 
When he pulled out the gun , I got so scared 
Tell me what else happened 
He got the money and tried to leave 
Did the cops get him 
The cops arrested him before he could even make it out the door 
Mr.Sellers ? It's Steven speaking , your tenant . We've just suffered a power failure.What should I do now 
All right , Steven . Do you have a flashlight 
Yes , I do 
OK , now go down to the basement and find the circuit box . Open it and check if there are any fuses blown out 
How do I know if it's blown out 
You'll see it's black and has burnt smell 
Then what shall I do 
Unscrew the burnt fuses and replace them with the good ones . You can find them on the rack in the basement 
OK , I'll try . I'll call you again if that doesn't work 
Did you enjoy that new movie 
That movie's just a lot of noise , same as Simon 
Oh , what happened , Carole 
I had to go by myself , he couldn't make it 
What ? I met him just before I took off from Kitty's , he said he was coming 
Kitty's ? He sure gets around , doesn't he 
Looks like it . So how did he handle it to 
His excuse was familiar . He said his car died again 
I think that's a bunch of nonsense . It seemed ok to me 
I know . Last week he gave me a lie about being too busy 
Doesn't sound promising 
Well , I think it's the time to pull the plug 
If you want I'll let him know if I run into him 
Thanks anyway , but I'll do it , Rebecca . Let's get the class 
We can offer you a 5 % discount 
Your price is rather out of line , much higher than we expected . We can't buy with your offer 
Well , what do you suggest then ? How about 8 % 
When we say your prices are much too high , we don't mean the are higher only by 2 or 3 percent . If we are to place an order with you . I think a discount of about 15 % would be sufficient 
What ? You want to drive me bankrupt ! You can't expect us to make such a large reduction 
There's no point in making a counter offer because the gap is too great 
How about lo % ? This price is already a little tight , our profit margin is not that large 
Ok . I can settle for that 
hey , the new SOHO . How's everything going 
everything's great . I've just returned from my office 
your office ? Aren't you a freelancer 
sure I am . I work for myself , but I've rented a virtual office at an office building in the downtown area 
a virtual office 
yeah , an office that runs efficiently by using nothing other than online communication technologies . I pay the rent and share office services with others in the same building 
what kind of services do they offer 
a separated office , internet access , phone services , fax services , mail & courier services , and almost everything you have in a conventional office 
sounds fun.what else 
I get a business address at an expensive location , and I can share the receptionist and secretary with other offices in the same floor 
oh , that helps a lot to promote your corporate image 
you bet it 
what do we need to get from the supermarket 
we need lots of things . I ’ ll make a list . We need a bag of sugar , a loaf of bread and a crate of beer 
a crate of beer ? Why do we need that 
just joking . I would like to get a few bottles of beer though . We also need a liter of cooking oil 
we can buy a three-liter bottle . It works out cheaper per liter . We should buy a packet of butter and a few pints of milk too 
I ’ d like to get a jar of strawberry jam and a bottle of tomato ketchup . Do we need any meat 
I think we should get half a kilo of minced beef and a few pork chops 
ok . Let ’ s not forget fruit and vegetables . We need a bunch of bananas , a kilo of tomatoes and a bag of potatoes 
we should also get a tube of toothpaste and a bar of soap . Let ’ s get a tub of ice cream too . We can treat ourselves 
ok . We should get a few tins of tuna . Anything else 
I ’ d like a few cans of coke . We also need a dozen eggs and half a dozen sausages 
let ’ s get a chunk of cheese too . Is that everything 
I think so . I ’ Ve got the shopping list , so let ’ s go 
Ouch ! The water's too hot 
Get in slowly , sweetie . You'll get used to it . I'm gonna go and make you some chicken soup 
I'm not hungry , Mom 
I know you don't have an appetite , but you need to eat something . You'll get too weak if you don't eat 
Oh ... I'm sweating already . It's so hot . I can feel it boiling ! Can I get out yet 
That's a good sign . But just soak a little longer , OK 
I want to say ..
Say it ! What is it 
That I can't go on any longer without you 
You know you shouldn't say that at a time like this 
Nancy , I made up my mind you were the only woman for me at the first sight 
Too sudden ! I'm not ready for it 
Forgive me for startling you with the impetuosity of my sentiments 
Stop it . No more of that talk 
I really love you 
No , I shall faint 
And I hope so . This is what you were meant for . Say you love me , say yes , say yes 
Yes 
Can you get me a taxi 
We offer various types of transportation . Perhaps you'd like to upgrade to a private vehicle 
Thanks , but no thanks . A taxi will do just fine 
In that case , how about a limo ? Then you can travel in style 
No , I hate limousines . They're gas guzzlers 
Got it , sir . Where would you like the taxi to take you 
My destination is Rockefeller Center 
What time do you want to leave the hotel 
As soon as possible 
I'll call the taxi immediately , sir 
Okay , I'm coming downstairs now 
A brand new taxi is pulling up now 
He dresses in plain clothes and drives an old car . Who would know he is the richest man in town 
You can't judge a book by its cover 
Doctor , I have the worst toothache 
How long have you had this pain 
For about a week or so , but it ’ s gotten really bad in the last couple of days 
Did you do anything that might have aggravated your tooth 
You know , I was eating jawbreakers in the movies the other day , and I accidentally bit down really hard on one 
What kind of toothbrush do you use 
I just use a regular hard bristle toothbrush 
Does it bother you when you eat something really cold 
Yes , it definitely bothers me more when I do that 
City Bank . This is Tom . May I help you 
Yes , I am expecting some money wired to my account from Taiwan . Would you please check if the money available yet 
Sure , may I have your name and account number please 
There's someone coming 
It took them four minutes to get here . That was pretty fast 
Yes , it's fast . But four minutes is enough to do fifty thousand dollars damage 
I guess the fire wasn't in the tool shed after all.It looks like the back of the house was burning 
I wonder if anyone can call the Ridleys about this . Do you know them well 
Not really 
Do you know where they're vacationing 
I think they went to Mexico , but I'm not sure.It ' s a bad thing to return home to.They ' ll come home from their trip , and they'll see half their house burned 
Yes , but at least this way no one gets hurt.It ' s better to have a fire in your house when you're not home . Don't you think 
Yes , I suppose . It's a dangerous thing if a fire starts when people are sleeping 
Oh , no . It seems that I've lost my train ticket 
Are you kidding ? The train leaves in an hour . Where did you put it 
It was in my pocket , but now I can't find it 
Is it in the other pocket 
No , it is not here . Damn it ! I'm going to have to buy another ticket 
Let's go to the inquiry desk first to check whether anyone has got it and turned it in 
OK 
Driving during the rush hours can be a bit of a bind 
Yeah . I think so.You have to be patient and careful 
So I'd rather walk or run to work 
You must be joking 
Harry was angry last night 
That's because he's getting nervous . Anyway , this is the first time he's directed a play 
But he used to be very relaxed and cheerful . It's not like Harry to do a thing like that 
Yes , you're right . Maybe there's any other reason 
Could you say something about your educational background 
Yes . I graduated from shanghai University and later obtained a master's degree from Oxford 
What was your graduation thesis on 
My graduation thesis is on International Trade 
Hello , this is Li King . Can I talk to your manager 
Sorry , he has just gone out now . Can I take a message for you 
Yes . Would you please kindly tell him I want to apply for a proof-reader in your newspaper 
OK , I got it 
I have a little problem with room 507 
Problems are what we're here for , sir . Please tell me your problem 
This room is filthy with cockroaches 
Were you wearing your glasses when you noticed them , sir 
I've already seen nine of them and , as they say , eight is enough 
Sir , sometimes a fast elevator ride makes our guests see spots 
You are not in a position to question my vision or my statement 
I'm very sorry , sir . Will you please hold while I transfer you to my supervisor 
Mike , I'm afraid I can't come back home for dinner tonight 
Not back home for dinner again ? That's the third time this week 
I'm sorry . Our company has just opened . There are always too many things to handle . You know that 
You don't have to explain . Suit yourself 
Please forgive me . You have my word . I'll spend some time with you on the weekend . I promise 
We'll see 
Thank you for understanding . I promise I'll make it up to you 
Hey Jackie . What are you doing 
Nothing much . I'm just relaxing today . Why ? What's going on 
I was thinking about heading to the mall . Do you want to go 
Are they having a sale 
Yeah . Both Bon and Nordstrom's is having there annual sale . It's a great time to buy some clothes you've been holding out on 
That sounds great . Where should we meet 
I'll meet you in front of Nordstrom's in 30 minutes 
Sounds good . See you there 
What do you think about these shoes 
They're cute . But do you think you'll wear them much 
No . Not really 
This sweater is so pretty . I love the low neck design 
I bet it's expensive 
It's on sale for $ 80 . What do you think ? Should I try it on 
For 80 bucks it looks great . Go try it on 
Good morning , sir . Can I help you 
I'm due to check out tomorrow , but I'd like to extend my stay by two days 
Could I have your name and room number 
Tom Black in Room 207 
Please wait a moment , Mr . Black . I'll have to check the reservation records ... I'm sorry , but we are expecting several tour groups to arrive today . They have booked all the rooms on the 10th floor 
What can be done then 
If you don't mind transferring to another room , we may manage it for you . We usually have cancellations or no-shows 
That's quite all right . Thank you 
It's my pleasure 
I'm looking for a string of pearls for my wife 
Yes , sir . What price range do you have in mind 
I'm not sure . I don't know very much about the price of pearls 
I see . Let me show you some samples of various qualities . This one is very nice . It's three hundred and fifty dollars 
Is there a price reduction 
We are having a sale now . The price has already gone down 
How much is that one 
It's two hundred and eighty dollars 
OK . I'll take it . Thank you 
May I have the menu , please 
Oh . I am sorry , here you are . May I suggest our lunch special 
Could I have a few more minutes 
Of course . I will be here minutes later 
Thank God , it's Friday ! Time for a drink ! Let's hit the bars 
OK . I don't mind going bar hopping with an expert like you 
Should we start with beer or wine or go straight to the hard liquor 
I think I'll have a glass of wine . Let's see ... they have red wine , white wine and port . They even have sangria ! It's the happy hour special 
Port's too sweet . It's a dessert wine . A dry red French wine would be nice with meat . A glass of chilled white German wine would be good with fish . But , we're not eating and it's hot out , so I think I'll have a tall glass of sangria with ice 
Good choice ! But , what's your favorite kind of hard liquor 
I like to stick to the clean stuff , like vodka , gin , white rum and other clear spirits 
Mark ! I was wondering if you finished that presentation you were working on last week 
Just about . It should be done in the next couple of days . Why 
Mr . Rodriguez was asking me about it yesterday 
I ’ ll give him a call 
I heard that Ann had divorced 
I suspect it's unavoidable 
Poor Ann . She did not love her husband at all 
Yeah . She married him at her mother's bidding 
What a wonderful dinner 
Thank you . I am glad that you are enjoying it 
Where did you get your fantastic recipes 
I grew up cooking . My mother shared her recipes with me 
I especially like the wonderful chicken dish 
That is a special coconut ginger chicken with rice dish 
Is that shrimp in the soup 
Yes , do you like it ? I added a little extra lemon grass and some sea vegetables 
I am happy that the wine I brought for you works well with this meal 
Yes , thank you for bringing the wine . It really complements the meal 
The ATM machine outside won't give me back my card 
Let's go take a look at it . Do you have your ID with you 
Yes , here it is 
Okay , I see the problem . You forgot your code , didn't you 
How did you know 
The machine gives you three attempts to enter the correct code and after that it assumes that you are not the real owner and confiscates it 
Oh . But can I have my card back now 
Yes , I can get it for you but I need to go back inside the bank 
I must be going now 
Really ? Can't you stay a little longer 
No , I really must go now.My family are expecting me home soon 
Be seeing you then 
See you 
I don't know if you remember , but with honest every day last year we tided the knot 
Of course I remember , actually , I am very surprised you remembered , I thought for sure you would forget 
How could I ever forget ? I even bought you roses because I love you 
They are so beautiful . I love them , and I love you too 
You are more beautiful than the roses 
I don't know how , but I love you more than the day we gotta married 
Yes , we are match made in heaven 
I know of the past years we have faced and shared troubles , but we survived and here we are 
Yes , we did , we did have problems , but we shared a lot of happiness too . We countered the problems , and had a lot of happiness too 
Yes we did 
I love you , happy anniversary 
I love you , happy anniversary 
So , Monica , what do you feel like doing this afternoon 
Actually , I had a perfect plan for this afternoon , but it is totally ruined by the sand storm . I woke up this morning and found it was sunny . So I called Lucy and asked her to go shopping with me . We were going to look for a new purse . Now it turned out to be like this . Neither of us wants to go to outside anymore 
That ’ s too bad . I hate sand storms too . It can be worse than any kind of bad weather 
What ’ s wrong with climate ? Anyway , I think the sand storm happens more frequently these days than the years before . Can ’ t people do something to stop it 
It is not an easy job . The government is working on it . Lots of trees have been planted in the north of the capital . Also , methods of generating rain are being used by the government to fight against the drought . But of course , it will not work overnight . So , have you come out with a new plan for today 
My new plan is to wait for the end of the sand storm and clean my apartment 
Let's have a look at the map first 
All right . Wukesong stop is quite a few stops from here 
Let's buy some tickets 
The train is coming . There are a lot of people waiting here . let's stand in a better position to get on the train
Well , it's not as crowded as we expected , is it 
No , but it will be soon . Look , there're two empty seats over there . Let's get them 
It's a sunny day , isn't it 
Yes , it is . I'm Jennifer . Nice to meet you 
My name is David . Nice to meet you , too 
Are you American 
No , I'm a Britisher . Where do you come from 
I come from America . Are you a freshman 
Yes . What about you 
Me , too 
Great . Maybe we can study and play games together . I think we can be good friends 
Yeah . Anytime 
hello ! What are you reading about in the newspaper 
hello ! I was exhausted form studying , so I decided to read the newspaper to relax . Unfortunately , the news is so depressing . There has been another murder in the city center . I ’ m shocked that the pole
people are starting to get frightened by it . Everyone will be relieved when they finally catch the murder 
you mean if they catch the murderer . I ’ m scared stiff about going into the city center at night 
there must have been some good news in the newspaper . I can ’ t believe that none of the news stories make you happy or excited 
well , there was one good piece of news . You remember the local girl who was dying of a rare blood disease 
yes . Her parents were raising money to have her treated in the united states 
well , they ’ Ve got the money and she ’ s going tomorrow for treatment 
I ’ m so happy for the family ! They must be very relieved and excited about that 
I ’ m sure they are . Oh , and a local man won the lottery . I ’ m so jealous ! I wish it were me ! I buy a lottery ticket every week and I ’ m amazed that I haven ’ t even won a small prize yet . It ’ s so unfair 
don ’ t be moody ! I hope you ’ re not tired , because we ’ Ve been invited to a party this evening . I know how excited you get about parties 
Come on in.Let me show you the house.Isn ' t it something ? Spacious , bright and clean.And the walls were newly painted.Have you ever seen such a nice house 
Not really 
This is the kitchen.Every - thing's new 
It's great 
How do you like this waltz 
It's very nice , I like it very much 
Well , then , may I invite you for the first dance 
My pleasure . But I'm afraid I'm not much of a dancer , and I suppose you dance often 
Me ? Oh , no . In fact , I took up dancing quite recently 
Oh , really ? But you're doing the waltz wonderfully well 
I'm glad you say so , you dance beautifully too . It's lucky that I got a partner 
Thank you for your compliments.It ' s just that you are a good leader . Do you like the fox-trot and tango 
Yes . And what dances do you do best 
Disco is my favorite . I like it better than any other dances because it can release one's pent-up feelings , and is a healthy exercise . But I don't do the rock and roll and the break dance 
Oh , well , the music has stopped . Thank you for the dance 
My pleasure . Let's go and have a drink 
Fine 
Did you see the information on sales for last year ? The sales review was made at our last board meeting . There's a great news for our shareholders 
Yeah , I went over the figures this morning . We're finally started making money again 
We've never sold this much before , our growth this year has been phenomenal . We have captured 8 % of the market , up from last year by 120 % . Our strategy is working 
not only our annual sales brake a record , but our month by month earnings exceeded our forecast as well . After a two-year slump , we finally back in the black 
The company's performance has improved since Wallace became president . He's made our little business into a real lucrative operation . Products are selling like hotcakes 
I think our success is partly because of Wallace's contribution , and partly because of our new marketing strategy . Because of the new advertising campaign , we have become the top sellers in the field 
Let's hope this stroke of good luck lasts . I hope we are over our financial difficulties for good 
Let's hope it is 
But what if I don't win what I bid on 
Then it wasn't meant to be . Some people have put up a hard fight for some items I bid on . But I was the sole bidder for this bag and got it dirt-cheap 
It seems that you can e-mail the seller and ask questions 
Sure . I've even e-mailed some people who had bought from the person who sold this bag 
And people are honest 
They said he was an honest and professional businessman . But that's the exciting part . It's kind of like gambling ..
How do you like skiing , Pat 
I love it . All my life I wanted to learn to ski . Finally I took lessons last year 
I suppose skiing is easy for you 
No , quite the opposite . I thought I'd never stop falling down . Then all of a sudden I started skiing much better 
I see . Do you ski often 
Every chance I get . On weekends I ski all day long . Sometimes I even ski at night 
That sounds great 
Oh , yes . The ski slopes are well lit . It's really nice to ski at night . Why don't you learn to ski 
Not on your life ! I know I'd break my leg
Don't be so frightened . It's just a skill 
I ’ m interested in teaching at your school 
Great . Are you a qualified teacher 
Yes 
What kind of teaching certificate do you have 
I have a TEFL certificate 
How many years of experience do you have 
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children 
When did you get your TEFL certificate 
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago 
Why do you want to teach at our school 
Well , I ’ Ve heard many good things about it . I also like teaching young children 
That ’ s great . Can you speak Chinese 
Yes , just a little 
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00 
I sure can 
Great . See you then 
Hi , I was wondering how I'd go about getting a credit card 
Certainly , Sir . You do have a Current Account with us right 
Oh , no , I'm afraid I don't . Is that necessary 
Yes , Sir . In order to get a credit card with us , you'll need to open a Current Account here . Could you please fill out this form with your relevant details 
That's done . Do you need to see any credentials 
Yes , a passport will be fine 
I don't have my passport on me at the moment . I'll just pop back to my office and pick it up 
That's fine , Sir . We'll see you again a little later 
What are you worrying about 
I am worrying about my husband 
Where is he ? Is he in danger 
You know , he is a taxi driver . He has to have his eyes peeled all the time when he drives , especially during the rush hour 
Are there any special unemployment forms I need to fill out 
You need to get a special application form 
Do you know where I can find the application form 
You can go to the Employment Development Office and pick it up 
What records will I have to show to apply for unemployment benefits 
They will need a record showing who you worked for and when you worked for them 
Is there anything else I will need to provide 
Be prepared to show a written notice of your termination as proof 
Do I need to do anything else after I turn in the application 
You will receive a notice for a phone interview , which will continue the process 
Some of them seem to be of the latest style . Now I ’ Ve a feeling that we can do a lot of trade in this line . We wish to establish relations with you 
Your desire coincides with ours 
Concerning our financial position , credit standing and trade reputation , you may refer to Bank of Hong Kong , or to our local Chamber of Commerce or inquiry agencies 
Thank you for your information . As you know , our corporation is a state-operated one . We always trade with foreign countries on the basis of equality and mu - dual benefit . Establishing business relations between us will be to our mutual benefit . I have no doubt that it will bring about closer ties between us 
That sounds interesting . I ’ ll send a fax home . As soon as I receive a definite answer , I ’ ll make a specific inquiry 
We ’ ll then make an offer as soon as possible . I hope a lot of business will be conducted between us 
So do I 
Ladies and gentlemen , we are heading towards the first spot of our trip-the Louvre 
Wonderful . That's a place famous for its arts 
Yes . There are so many famous paintings on show . I am sure it will be an unforgettable trip 
Surely it will be . By the way , when will we get there 
Half an hours later 
I ’ m interested in all kinds of your products , but this time I would like to order some fireworks and mosquito coil incense . Please quote us C . I . F . Rangoon 
Please let us know the quantity required so that we can work out the premium and freight charges 
I ’ m going to place a trial order for 1,000 units of a dozen fireworks and 500 cartons of mosquito coil incense 
All right . Here are our F . O . B . price lists . All the prices are subject to our final confirmation 
Your price is reasonable but I wonder if you would give us a discount . You know for the products like yours we usually get 2 % or 3 % discount from European suppliers 
We usually offer on a net basis only . Many of our clients have been doing very well on this quoted price 
Discounts will more or less encourage us to make every effort to push sales of your products 
The quantity you ordered is much smaller than those of others . If you can manage to boost it a bit , we ’ ll consider giving you a better discount 
As far as a trial order is concerned , the quantity is by no means small . And generally speaking , we like to profit from a trial order . I hope you ’ ll be able to meet our requirements 
Well , as this is the first deal between us , we agree to give you an one-percent discount as a special encouragement 
1 % ? That ’ s too low a rate . Could you see your way to increase it to 2 % ? 
I ’ m afraid we have really made a great concession , and could not go any further 
It seems this is the only proposal for me to accept . I ’ ll come again tomorrow to discuss it in detail 
All right . See you tomorrow 
What's the price for that suit 
It's $ 160 
Well , I like everything about it except the price 
Sorry , sir , we are having a sale now 
I made an appointment for a perm at 3 o'clock 
Oh , yes , Mrs.Saxton . Please take a seat here 
Thank you 
Would you like a shampoo first 
Yes , with the LUX dandruff shampoo . It helps a lot to get rid of my dandruff 
Yeah . A lot of my customers love it . ( after shampooing ) Do you want a permanent wave or a cold wave 
I'd like a permanent wave . By the way , do you have any picture of the latest hairstyle ? I ' Ve been in this style for so long that I want a change this time 
Sure . We just got some . They're upto-date 
I prefer this kind of style . Can you make it for me 
No problem 
I would like to have this laundry done 
Please fill out the form first 
OK . By the way , I would like to have this sweater washed by hand in cold water . It might shrink otherwise 
By hand in cold water . Got it 
What channel did you watch last night 
Channel 24.It shows some cable networks and no commercial interruptions 
You did ? How do you like the fashion show 
It was very good . I followed it right to the end 
Do you offer a course in business management 
Yes , we do 
How many nights a week is it 
It's 3 nights a week , Monday , Tuesday and Thursday 
And how long does the course last 
It lasts for 9 months 
When does it start 
The next beginning class starts on October 25th 
What time is the class 
From 7 to 9 o'clock 
How much does it cost 
It costs 125 dollars a month 
Yes , that's all right . I want to enroll in the course 
Thank you , please fill out this form for us 
Do you want me to fill it out now 
Yes , please.we need a record of you education and your work experiences 
I hear you bought a new house in the northern suburbs 
That ’ s right , we bought it the same day we came on the market 
What kind of house is it 
It ’ s a wonderful Spanish style 
Oh , I love the roof tiles on Spanish style houses 
And it ’ s a bargaining . A house like this in river side costs double the price 
Great , is it a two bedroom house 
No , it has three bedrooms and three beds , and has a living room with a twelve-foot ceiling . There ’ s a two-car garage 
That ’ s a nice area too . It ’ ll be a good investment for you 
Yeas , when will you buy a house 
Not untill the end of this year , you know , just before my wedding 
Right , congratulations 
Thank you 
We're interested in your Drawn Works . What about the supply position 
For most of the articles in the catalog , we have good supply 
Here's our inquiry list . You'll find the required items , specifications and quantities all there 
Thanks . I'll look into it and let you have our firm offers tomorrow 
I don't need to remind you that the market has become very competitive 
You'll find our prices very favorable 
That's fine . By the way , do you quote FOB or CIF 
Either can be done , though we usually quote on CIF basis 
Then would you please make your prices CIF including five percent 
Certainly . We can work them out for you 
Daddy , are you going to the park with us this weekend 
Honey , I have a lot of work to do 
So you can't go with us , right 
No 
Daddy , you always arrange your schedule so tight on weekdays . You should have a rest on weekends 
What park do you want to go to 
Daniel wants to go to the aquarium . While Mom wants to visit the Summer Palace 
Haven't we been these places already 
Yeah . I don't agree with them , but I don't have a better choice 
What about the Olympic park 
Right , ah . It is so close to our home . How come we've never thought of that 
The Olympic Park has a small forest . It is fit for picnic 
Very well , Go ahead 
Mr.Ben , What do you think of the book 
It's an excellent one . I like it very much 
Why 
It includes a lot of useful words and phrases 
I agree with you 
I need help in ordering my office supplies 
You can print out a copy of the Order Supply Form from our company web site and turn in into me . What will you be needing 
I need ink cartridges , staples , and Post-its 
Will you need all of them right away or can some wait 
Some of these can wait but there are a few things that I need right away 
You can only buy supplies that you have a budget for . Do you know what your budget is 
We have plenty of money for office supplies 
You can pick these supplies up or they can be delivered to your building . Which would you prefer 
I want to pick them up 
Well , just finish the request and we will contact you when the supplies come in . Have a good day 
You too 
Am I ever hungry ? When will supper be ready 
It's almost ready . Can you set the table 
All right 
Want to taste this dish 
Yeah . Oh , it's delicious 
Really 
Definitely . It's a wonderful meal . Thank you , Honey 
If you like to help me do the dishes , I'll be more dreadful 
I wish I could , but I won't 
Would you please take a seat over there , madam ? I ’ ll let Mr . Emory know that you ’ re here 
Thanks . I can wait here 
Well , it may take some time . Mr . Emory ’ s at a meeting at the moment . It would probably be more comfortable over there 
I see . All right , then . Thanks 
John , could you come to my office ? I need to talk to you 
Sure . I'll be there as soon as I finish this document 
No . Come here right now 
OK 
What's the matter 
I'm sorry to say that we have to let you go , John 
Why ? I work very hard 
Well , you're working very hard but not efficiently . And you don't work well with other employees 
Well , some of those other guys are not the same kind I'd like to communicate with , but if that's important to you . I'll try to get along with them 
I'm afraid it's too late . We are downsizing our workforce and you'll have to go 
It's unfair 
We can give you the option of residing rather than being fired , because it will look better on your resume when you apply for another job if you resign 
OK . I need to think about that for a while 
All right , but let me know your decision before the end of the day 
Would you please recommend a diamond for me 
OK . How about this diamond necklace 
I prefer a diamond mounted in a ring 
Then . I'm sure you will like this one 
Do you guarantee its quality 
Sure . This is the warranty . The cut , color , clarity , weight and the manufacturer of the diamond are all indicated in this document 
Chinese tea is famous all over the world . I want to buy several boxes 
There are various kinds of tea in China . It depends on the taste and effect 
Well , I do not know Chinese tea at all 
This is green tea , you can drink it in summer . It can relieve summer-heat and it is good for maintaining your lungs 
Sounds interesting . What about this 
It is black tea , it has a strong taste and promotes digestion 
What's this ? It smells fragrant 
It is jasmine tea of high quality . It is fragrant and has a pleasant taste 
I will take the jasmine tea . Could you pack it with the wrapping paper and ribbon ? It is a gift for my friend 
No problem . Wait for a moment 
Welcome to NO Bank . It's Mr Zu , isn't it 
Ah , Jenny ! You remember me , what a good memory you have 
How's Mrs Zu doing these days 
She's fine , thanks . Actually , she's the reason I'm here . It's our Wedding Anniversary in 2 weeks and I want to get her something special . She's been nagging me about our furniture , you see 
Can I give you some advice on a loan , or ..
I would like to cash my undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate , please 
Are you absolutely sure , Mr Zu ? You know , you will lose interest if you do 
Yes , I know . But it can't be helped . It's been a pretty slow month and I just don't have enough cash to refurnish the whole house 
Let me run through a couple of other options with you . That way , you can make a more informed decision 
Do you want to settle the bill now 
Yes . Do you accept traveler's checks 
Yes , we do 
Very good 
Do you have any identification 
Yes , I have my driver's license 
Fine 
Mrs . Miller , you are an old friend of ours . In order to encourage future business and as a gesture of friendship , we are prepared to cut our price by 5 % . Will that satisfy you 
That's great . Thank you for making this concession . I accept 
Now I repeat , 5,000 transistor sets , specifications as shown in our catalogue at $ 20 each C . I . F . Los Angeles 
Good . Now that the price is decided on , we can discuss the packaging 
As to packaging , we'll pack them two dozens to one carton , gross weight about 25 kilos a carton 
Carton 
Yes , corrugated cardboard boxes 
Could you use wooden cases instead 
Why use wooden cases 
I'm afraid the cardboard boxes are not strong enough for ocean transportation 
Cartons are comparatively light , and there fore easy to handle . They'll not be stowed away with the heavy cargo . Besides , we'll reinforce the cartons with metal straps 
All right . Carton or no carton , the packaging must be waterproof as well as strong enough to stand shock and rough handling 
You needn't worry about that . Cartons are extensively used in our shipments to foreign countries and there have never been complaints from our clients . Now , as regards payment , we have agreed to use dollars , am I right 
That's right . As soon as I get home , I'll see about the opening of the letter of credit 
Please open the letter of credit 15 to 30 days before the date of delivery so that we'll have enough time to make all the necessary arrangements . Another thing , the L / C should be valid until the 15th day after shipment 
No problem . That can be done . I understand you'll ship the goods before the end of May 
Right . We'll ship the goods according to the agreed time schedule . Last , but not least , the inspection is to be carried out by Houston Commodities Inspection Bureau , which is final and binding on both parties 
Yes , we agreed to that . We have great confidence in your inspection institution . Through years of dealing with you , we've convinced of your commercial integrity 
Thank you . You can rest assured that we'll do everything possible to prevent de festive commodities from going abroad . However , if there should be any disputes , we wish to have them settled through friendly discussions 
Exactly . That's what we have done in the past 
Well , it seems we have covered everything . We'll have the contract ready in a couple of days 
Can you speed it up and let me have it today ? I'm leaving tomorrow . I've been here for almost a month now , you see . My corporation is urging me to return . I've booked the ticket for tomorrow afternoon's flight at 3 
Let me see . If we can't get the contract ready by then , we'll send it to you by airmail for your signature 
That's fine too 
What would you like to order , sir 
I'd like to try some Chinese food 
We serve different styles of Chinese food here . But I'm not sure which one do you prefer 
I have no idea . Could you recommend some to me 
Well . Cantonese food is rather light , Beijing food is heavy , and Sichuan food is usually hot and spicy 
Oh , I see . I'd like to have hot food 
If so , I suggest you have a taste for Sichuan food . Most Sichuan dishes are spicy and hot , but they have different tastes 
Really ? So do you have some specialties 
Yes . Roasted Crispy Chicken and Spicy Beef are our specialties 
All right . I'll have them 
Front Desk . What can I do for you 
This is Room 320 . Can I have a morning call tomorrow 
What time do you want us to wake you up 
Seven , please 
OK . I've set it up for you 
Thank you 
What do you know about Julia Roberts 
Her acting is OK 
I mean her personality 
I'm afraid I know less than you do.Tell me more about her , will you 
OK , Mr . Wang . Thank you very much for coming to the airport to see us off . Your great country and your hospitality have left a very deep impression on all of us and your working attitude and your way of doing business have changed my opinions about Chinese people 
Really ? I'm glad to hear that 
That's true . And this trip has been a very productive one for us 
Thank you again for your visit . We are looking forward to your reply 
Believe me , Mr . Wang . I'll do my best to promote the transaction 
We are happy that we have established business relations . I really hope that we'll have more business to do and more opportunities to meet each other 
It ’ s very kind of you to say so 
You are very nice and helpful . Hope to see you again 
I think we will have opportunities to meet each other in the future 
OK , I think it's time for you to check in . If you run into any difficulty , we'll be here to assist you immediately 
Fine . Thank you very much . Bye-bye 
Goodbye 
Excuse me . May I see Mrs . Smith 
It's me . What can I do for you 
Nice to meet you , Mrs . Smith . I'm coming here for an interview by appointment 
Are you Mr . Wu 
Yes , I am 
Nice to meet you , too . Did you have any difficulty finding our company 
Not really , I am familiar with this area 
Well , this apartment is really a must-see . Will you come with me to look at it this weekend 
Sure . And if you rent it , maybe I can help you find a roommate too 
Great ! Do you know someone else who is also looking for an apartment 
Yes , my friend Steve . I'll introduce you 
We thought you might like to participate in our rehearsal 
I ’ m afraid I ’ m already booked up for next Sunday . But thank you just the same 
That ’ s a pity . We can arrange another time hopefully 
Welcome , young man . No offence , but I haven't seen you here before 
Of course , this is my first time here . My Mom has a membership here . Here is the card 
Okay then . You are the younger customer here ever 
It's not so wise that you do not explore the children's market 
It's the marketing's fault , I suppose.What do you want to do 
Well , I want to become just like Bruce Lee . What should I do 
That's a long way to go , I'm afraid . First of all , you gotta grow up 
I am still young . And I'm growing every minute 
Sure . Then what about trying the treadmill or the skipping rope 
I love running . Anything else 
Please change your clothes first 
I'm perfect with my clothes . And I do not have anything else with me 
Sorry , but no jeans here 
Oh , that's the only place where jeans are not popular . I'd better just go home 
How are the children doing in your class , Jane 
They ’ re all doing fine . Let me show you some of their pictures 
Which child is this 
That ’ s Charles 
What a large child 
All my children are large 
And which child is this 
That ’ s James 
What an agile child 
All my children are agile 
Now which child is this 
That ’ s Joanna . Joanna hopes to go to college 
Mm . All my children hope to go to college . Right 
Excuse me . Would you tell me where The People's Park is 
The People's Park is located on Nanjing Road , near Limbo road , just on the opposite side of the International Hotel 
How long will it take me to get there 
Only about twenty minutes 
I'm not going in the wrong direction , am I 
No , you aren't . Just go ahead , please 
May I take a bus to get there 
You can take the No . 22 trolley bus to get there 
OK . Thank you a lot 
Hi , Monica , how is everything going 
Everything goes well , but I am thinking about quitting my current job 
Why ? You ’ re not satisfied anymore 
I just sense . But I cannot grow anymore . My boss is not really supporting me . I am interested in some positions in other JV companies , but I need to do some more in-step research before I send my application letters out 
That is important . Doing research on a company you are interested in will definitely help your application 
Certainly , it is very nice talking with you . But I really have to go now . Catch you later 
Ok , good luck to you 
Good afternoon , sir.What Can I do for you 
Well . I can't find my key now . I think I have lost it 
Really ? Have you left it in your room 
I don't think so . I took it with me when I went out this morning 
Well , in that case , you have to pay for it . Please fill out the form first 
Are you being served , Sir 
No , not yet . I just want to hair cut 
Would you sit here , please ? How would you like it cut 
I want it short 
What , your short already , sir 
I mean very short . shorter than it ’ s now 
Should I just trim it 
No . you can cut quite a bit off , I like it to be very short all over . You see what I mean 
Oh , I see . You like Chinese style , don ’ t you 
Yes . And Chinese style 
Would you like to have some shampoo , sir 
No , thank you 
How about oil or spray 
No , Nothing will be kind 
There , how ’ s that 
That ’ s very good 
Welcome back , soccer fans . My name is Rick Fields and , as always , I am joined by my commentating wingman , Bob Copeland 
And we ’ re on the brink of soccer history today , as Ecuador and Brazil are tied one-one as we begin the second half of the 2022 World Cup 
The ref calls the players for the kick off , and here we go ! Ecuador quickly passes the ball to the midfield , but , oath , it ’ s out of bounds 
That will be a throw in for Brazil . Adriano has the ball and makes a long pass to Robin , and the ref has called him offside 
No question about it . He was offside by a mile ! We have a goal kick for Ecuador . Edison Mendez heads it to Valencia , he shoots ! Deflected by the defender and we have a corner kick 
Delgado takes the corner . We have a foul ! Oh no , Did , the goalkeeper , has fouled the Ecuadorian player ! He gets a yellow card and that will be a penalty kick 
This is the perfect opportunity for Ecuador to get ahead in this match and become World Champions ! He gets ready for the kick . He shoots ! and he ..
Excuse me , can I have an earphone please 
Sure , but you have to pay $ 3 for it 
OK . Here you are 
Well , ou can't hear music until takeoff 
I see . Thank you 
Miss , would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream 
Sure , why not 
This is a new product of company this year . It's oil-free 
I see . It feels very light on the skin 
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look 
I like the cool smell , too 
I would like to place an order 
Alright , Ma'am . What items would you like to order today 
I have your catalog here . Do you want me to tell you the item numbers , or the names 
You may tell me both , Ma'am 
Alright . I want to order the satin sheets on page 28 
The Merriman satin sheets 
Yes , that's right 
And what size would you like 
I need one full set of sheets in King-size 
Alright , Ma'am . And what color did you want 
Ivory , please
So that is product number MS2119 , Size
Yes , I think so . Can I ask you something 
Certainly 
I'm a foreigner here . My English isn't perfect . Can you tell me what satin is 
Satin is like silk , Ma'am . It feels like silk . But it's a different material 
I see . That's what I thought 
Anything else today 
No , I just need the sheets 
Alright . With shipping charges , your total will be 68 dollars . Will you be paying with credit 
Yes 
Visa , Master Card , or American Express 
Visa 
Card number 
8825 1127 4235 9869 
Expiration date 
July , 2006 
All right , Ma'am . I will run that charge for you . And then I will get your address in a moment
Thank you 
Don ’ t do that again . You are riding the tiger 
No problem . I can deal with it well 
You will ask for it 
All is best now , isn ’ t it 
I think Bill Clinton is a good president 
But he has the sex scandal 
Well . Maybe he isn't a good husband , but he is a successful president 
I agree . He is also an excellent speaker 
Yes , he is . Of course he makes mistakes , but who doesn ’ t 
yeah , it ’ s fair to say so 
Is sailing fun 
You bet 
Merry Christmas , sweetie . How's your brother enjoying Taiwan 
Ryan says he wants to stay . I think he's in love with some girl who designs fruit platters ..
No ! Christmas without him is bad enough . So , honey , do you have cold feet yet 
Yeah , especially since Jack didn't take care of the plane reservations 
You're not coming 
Not until the 31st . So can you change the church reservations 
I'm afraid not . The church is booked until the year 2001 
Then where will we have the ceremony ? At home 
We'll have to . We'll rehearse on the 1st and have the wedding on the 2nd 
I'm sorry , Mom 
Don't worry , dear . I'm a great host . Now get some rest . Merry Christmas 
Merry Christmas , Mom . I love you 
I love you , too . And forgive Jack . He's doing his best 
I know . Goodnight 
I have a sweet tooth 
What exactly do you want 
I would love to get some dessert 
What did you want to get 
I'd love to get a pie 
What kind do you want to get 
I'm not sure 
I can tell you what kind I like 
What kind do you like 
Apple pie is my favorite 
I love apple pie too 
See , I helped you out 
I ’ Ve just taken out an insurance policy . Are you insured 
Yes , I am . I have life insurance and my home and its contents are also insured 
I took out a life insurance policy and made my wife the beneficiary 
That ’ a good idea . You are a fireman and it can be dangerous job 
I need to make sure that my wife will be financially secure if I die 
I can terminate my life insurance policy when I retire and use the money as a pension 
That ’ s one of the conditions of my police too . It covers you if you die before you retire and when you retire 
Did you have to take a medical before you could take out the police 
Yes , I did . It was one of the conditions of the insurance police . The insurance companies need to assess the risk
Do you have any idea for this vacation 
Why don't we spend this vacation earning our tuition 
Oh , yeah , let's try to find some jobs 
OK 
Do you remember Tina , my good friend 
Yes 
She just broke up with her boyfriend 
Well , that happens . I hope she is all right 
But the problem is she and her ex-boyfriend are working in the same department . It is somehow embarrassing for them to see each other everyday 
That is the down side of an office romance . I hope their work is not affected by the emotional stress . The boss must be very annoyed if that will be the case 
Well , Tina says she would be able to handle it and concentrate on her own work , easier set them done . But working harder and concentrating only on the job might well helped to overcome the initial stress of the breakup 
Our team just scored a goal 
That's more like it 
Tell me about it 
They might actually win the game 
Brian , do you know how to speak English 
Yes 
Where did you learn 
I learned in college 
You speak really well 
Thank you 
How long have you been in the U . S . 
3 weeks 
Is your wife with you 
Yes , she just got here yesterday 
Have you been to California before 
No . I've never been there 
Have you ever been to Las Vegas 
Yes . I went there once on a business trip 
Martha . What's wrong ? Why are you crying 
Jake just broke up with me 
I'm sorry . When did this happen 
Yesterday . I didn't even know it was coming . He just told me he found someone else 
What a jerk . He doesn't deserve you 
But it still hurts . I thought I loved him 
He didn't treat you that well either . Maybe you don't want to hear this , but I think you can do better 
Better or worse , it doesn't matter . I had a lot of feelings for him . I really liked him
It must be really painful . I remember when Josh and I broke up . I was crying for a week 
I know . I'll get over him . My first break up was painful because I was naive 
Exactly . You'll find someone again . You should get your mind off of this . Let's go shopping 
Maybe tomorrow . I don't feel like it tonight 
How about coffee down the street 
Sure 
Housekeeping . May I help you 
Yes . This is room 804 . I can't find my coat . I was wondering if it's in the lost and found 
I can check for you . Could you describe the coat 
It's a light blue coat . It's got a hood and a big silver zipper 
When was the last time you saw it 
Last night . I think I may have left it in the lobby bar 
OK . I ’ ll check the lost and found and with the bar manager . We'll do our best to find it 
Thanks . I appreciate that 
You'd like coffee , wouldn't you 
I think I'd rather have tea this morning 
What else are you going to have 
Just an English muffin . What are you going to have 
That sounds good . I'm going to order the same thing 
Betty was in hospital 
I know that . I met her last week , and she looked as pale as death 
She suffers from cancer 
That ’ s too bad . She ’ s been so kind to us all 
Freeze 
Don't shoot . I give up 
Do you understand any other foreign languages besides English 
Yes , I know a little about Japanese which is similar to Chinese not only in culture but in language itself 
What band did you pass in Japanese Language Proficiency Test 
I passed the Band two in LPT , but I will try to achieve Band one which is the highest level 
I'll be checking out of the hotel in about 30 minutes 
Thirty minutes or 30 seconds , sir , it doesn't matter , I'm ready for you 
Great ! As you know , however , the day in New York has hardly begun 
There's nothing like getting an early start , sir 
What can I do with my baggage while I visit a few more tourist spots 
You can leave your baggage in our storage space , with a deposit 
Isn't my baggage enough of a deposit 
I wish it was , but it isn't . They will still want a credit card 
It's always something , isn't it ? Let me think about this for a second 
Don't forget that you have very little time , sir , before you have to check out 
Julia , what's the weather forecast for tomorrow 
It says a storm may come tomorrow 
Oh ! I hate rainy days 
Me , too . I'm always in low spirits when it rains . Are you going out tomorrow 
Yes . I have to drive to Washington D . C 
What bad luck 
Yeah ! But you know sometimes the weather forecast is not correct . Maybe tomorrow is a clear day . Who knows 
Yeah , maybe you are right 
How's Jerry's new school 
Very nice . He gets along with his classmates very well 
He's a team player 
Yes , indeed 
Can I take your order now or do you still want to look at the menu 
Well , I want a fillet steak , medium , but my little girl doesn't care for steak . Could she have something else instead 
Certainly . How about spaghetti with clams and shrimps 
Sounds delicious . OK . She'll try that 
Ann , it's terrible 
What's up 
Look , this is a pimple 
Oh , I think it is 
How come 
I think it's because of your bad habits 
I have no bad habit . I sleep eight hours a day , never eat spicy food , clean the face twice a day and so on . I have done a lot 
I know you have done a lot , but you always sleep very late . Sleeping eight hours a day doesn't mean it is healthy . Sleeping after 12 is hurtful to our body , and I think this is your problem 
I wasn't aware of that 
You should do better later 
Look at what you have done . All thumbs 
I ’ m so sorry , and I will pay much attention to it later 
Gordon , you're ever so late 
Yes , I am sorry . I missed the bus 
But there's a bus every ten minutes , and you are over 1 hour late 
Well , I missed several buses 
How on earth can you miss several buses 
I , ah ... , I got have late 
Oh , come on , Gordon , it's the afternoon now . Why were you late really 
Well , I ... I lost my wallet , and I ..
Have you got it now 
Yes , I found it again 
When 
This morning . I mean ..
I am not convinced by your explanation 
So , Monica , how do you like your new office 
Well , I love it . The room is special and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place 
That ’ s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful 
What was so bad about it 
Small rooms , small window , a small desk shared by three people . I would have been interrupted all the time and for sure not be able to deliver good work 
Sounds bad ! Lucky you ! You didn ’ t take that job . I think a good office environment is also important to work efficiently 
Totally agree . By the way , the number of the telephone on your desk is extension 506 . You can pick up your office supplies from the supply room at the end of the corridor 
OK . I'll take your bet , as long as the winner gets to pick the movie . What about you , Nick 
Sure . Do you want to go first , Sally 
Why not ! I rolled a five . The category is Best Pictures 
OK , here's your question What movie won the 1996 Oscar for Best Picture 
I know that , it's The English Patient . It was one of the only good American movies of the 90s 
Well , along with Jurassic Park ! Nice going , you got the right answer 
I'd like to order room service to room 202 , please 
How can I help you 
I'd like two sandwiches and one green fruit salad , please 
Will that be all , sir 
No . Could you also get some extra towels and soup too ? We went to the pool today and used up our two clean towels 
I will have someone bring that up right away . How would like to pay for the dinner 
Just put in on with the rest of my hotel bill 
All right , sir . You would receive dinner in about 15 minutes 
Hey , Tom , what to go for a run 
No thanks . I like to run in the morning . I ran a couple of miles when I woke up today 
I try to do that , but I can ’ t get up early enough 
I couldn ’ t either at first , but you get used to it 
It ’ s so hot at lunchtime ; I ’ d rather run in the morning 
Well , why don ’ t you come tomorrow ? I ’ ll stop by your house on my way out 
I could try , but I can ’ t say for sure if I ’ ll get up in time . What time do you want to go 
I ’ ll give you a call around 6 o'clock and stop by around 6 thirty 
O . K . , maybe if I have someone to go with , I ’ ll be able to get up in time for a jog 
Great , I ’ ll see you then 
See you 
Mr . Black , I ' d like to take some time off . I ' Ve been feeling exhausted these days 
That's no problem . Let me see ... You still have ten days annual leave left , is that right 
Yes . I was wondering if I could take another two weeks off 
That's long leave . How's your project coming along 
The project I'm in charged of now will be done by the end of this week . I'd like to take my leave from next Monday on 
Well , all right . But you make sure to tie up loose ends before you leave 
Thank you , Mr.Black . There are no immediate projects coming up at the moment . Mr.Smith will be in charge during my absence . He is taking part in several projects as my assistant and knows how to maintain relationships with our clients 
Great ! I hope you have a good relaxation and come back refreshed 
I will . Many thanks , Mr.Black 
I'm afraid it's bad news for you . You haven't got the position 
Oh , no ! I can't have failed . Are you sure 
I'm afraid so . I'm terribly sorry 
It sucks . But Arden told me he's satisfied with my qualifications and experience 
He's the only one of the several to decide this 
How am I going to face the fellows in our office ? They thought I would be promoted . They must be waiting for my good news 
I don't think the thing can be that serious . You should face the result . Besides , I don't think the position is the best for you 
But I lost the chance 
Keep working hard , and then you will get another chance of promotion someday 
The results of the poll show Bill Clinton's approval rating has gone up in his second term . Do you find that interesting 
Well , I think Clinton deserves high marks for doing his job generally , but he may get low marks for his honesty and personal image 
That is exactly what the poll shows . Although the stating of Clinton as a person has gone down in the last two years of his term , his approval rating is as high as 66 percent 
I don't find this surprising . The poll data sound quite right . He is a good president 
But the poll says only 15 percent say he will be remembered as an outstanding president 
Are there any interesting articles in today ’ s newspapers 
The headlines are all about the presidential election in the united states . Few other stories made the front pages 
Is there anything of interest to us in the business sections 
There ’ s an interesting feature article in the chronicle about doing business in china and the daily news has printed a report about the special economic zone near pairs . We have a subsidiary company l
Are the reports favorable 
Generally , the reporters take positive lines . They do point out a few problems that we need to be aware of , but there ’ s nothing worrying in the reports . In the classifieds , one of our competitors is a
That ’ s interesting . They must be thinking of moving into that market . Are there any interesting editorials 
Not really . They all seem to focus on the election . There have been several letters printed in the chronicle regarding that controversial article on drugs that they printed last week 
I ’ m not surprised . That article certainly added fuel to the debate . Ok . Thanks . Can you leave two articles and the advertisements with me ? I ’ d like to read them 
Sure . There you are 
Good morning , Sue 
Good morning , Tom.How are you 
I'm fine , thanks , how about yourself 
Things couldn't be better.Where are you going now 
I am heading for the library . I've got a research project to do.How about you 
I'm going to the English class.It ' ll start in five minutes , I've got to run 
See you later , alligator 
After a while , crocodile 
Try it on in front of the mirror 
Well , I think the color is a little too bright 
We have darker ones . Do you like the style 
Yes . What's this made of and how to wash it 
lt's made of silk and you had better wash it by hand in cold water 
Excuse me . Do you mind if I ask some things about work for this company 
Not at all . Go ahead 
I've heard that the company is very strict with its staff . Is that true 
Not really , so long as you follow all the regulations 
If you make mistakes in your job , you'll be fired . Is that right 
No . Everyone has a chance to correct his or her mistakes . The most important thing is to be responsible for your work 
Working here involves a busy schedule and overtime . Is that true 
Yes . That's true . We are always busy . The company attaches great importance to high efficiency . Sometimes we have to work overtime , but not always . And we have extra pay for extra work 
It seems that working in a foreign enterprise is not the same as I expected . Thank you for your help 
Good morning . What's the matter with you 
Good morning , doctor . I have a terrible headache 
All right , young man . Tell me how it got started 
Yesterday I had a runny nose . Now my nose is stuffed up . I have a sore throat . And I ’ m afraid I've got a temperature . I feel terrible 
Don't worry , young man . Lat me give you an examination . First let me take a look at your throat . Open your mouth and say'ah ' 
Ah 
Your throat is inflamed . And your tongue is heavily coated . You have all the symptoms of influenza 
What am I supposed to do then 
A good rest is all you need , and drink more water . I'll write you a prescription 
Thank you very much 
Excuse me . I need some storybooks in easy English . Do you have anything likethat 
Well , there are a lot of storybooks upstairs in our children's section . Some are written for young children , others for teens . Maybe some of them will suit your needs 
I'll go take a look . Thanks for your help 
You're welcome 
Hey , son , are you insured 
Not yet , but I'm thinking of it . Have you bought one , Dad 
I took out a life insurance policy and made your mother the beneficiary 
Can you tell me why you want to buy it 
I am a fireman and it is a dangerous job . I have to consider your mother's life 
Oh , I see . Do you advise me to buy one 
You have children now . What if something , God forbid , happens to you 
That's true . Well , how much do you think I should get 
A $ 100 000 policy shouldn't be too expensive . Here , call my agent . He'll give you a good deal 
May I help you 
Is this the right counter for gloves 
Yes , madam . What sort of gloves do you want 
Well , let me see some of each 
Certainly . What size do you take 
Six and a quarter , I believe , but you'd better measure my hand to make sure 
I think a six is your size . How do you like these ? I can recommend them , they're very reliable 
Very well , I'll take these two 
I'd like to reconfirm my plane reservation 
What flight are you taking 
Flight 201 
And what's your name 
Anderson 
Everything is in order . Please check in at the airport an hour before flight time 
Thank you 
What seems to be the problem 
Oh , my God ! It ’ s my stomach . It ’ s killing me 
Where does it hurt the most 
Right here ! It hurts right here 
How long has it felt like this 
I felt OK when I woke up , and then , suddenly , I had this really sharp pain 
Do you have a history of stomach pain 
No , and I haven ’ t done anything out of the ordinary 
Well , I think that we are going to have to get you to an emergency room right away 
Thank you for helping me 
So it is hard to be a black student on campus 
Yes , in many ways it is . There are many stereotypes I have to deal with in my daily life 
Stereotypes ? Like what 
Well , like since I'm black , I must like rap music , come from the inner city , or play basketball well 
I do know you like rap music , but the other two are definitely false . I ’ Ve seen you play basketball 
Hey ! But that's not the only problem . There's also the affirmative action stigma 
You mean that people look down upon you because they think you're in school because of a quota ? That's not true at all , you're really a smart guy 
I know that , but some people don't think like that . And I get problems from teachers as well 
Teachers ? I didn't think that they would be racist at all 
Racist ? Not exactly . It's how they look at me and ask for my opinion on a topic , as if I can speak for all black people and give them the black opinion on a subject . Suddenly I become the representative of the black race , as if we all had the same opinion 
I see . It looks like there are still a lot of issues we need to work on in the US 
Hello ! How do I get online with my laptop 
Just plug the Ethernet cable into your computer , and you'll be online in a heartbeat 
Well , I see the cable . But my computer runs on wireless only 
No problem . I'll tell you about our alternatives 
Yes , I'd love to hear what the alternatives are 
Our state-of-the-art computer lab is on the first floor 
Great ! But is it free 
Sir , the computers are free to guests , but you do have to pay a nominal printing fee 
You said there were other alternatives 
Just use your computer here in the lobby . It's set up for wireless 
Okay . That sounds like a winner . Now if I need to print something in the lobby 
We might have a printer here next month . But for now , you'll have to go to the lab 
Do you mind if I come over to use your computer 
No , but I have to type my paper tonight 
Does that mean I can't use it tonight 
You got it 
Housekeeping . May I help you 
Yeah , the people in the next room are a little loud . Could you do something about it 
Of course . What room are you in , sir 
I'm in Room 215 
And do you know which room the noise is coming from 
I don't know the number , but it's definitely the room that's next to the stairs 
Thank you . We'll take care of it . Please let us know if there's anything else we can do to make your stay more comfortable 
OK , thanks . I really appreciate it 
Hi , did you call for an exterminator 
Yes ! Thank goodness you ’ re here.These bugs are driving us crazy 
What sort of pest are we dealing with 
We just bought this house and it is infected with just about everything . We have termites in the wood , cockroaches all over the place , and last night I saw a huge rat out in the backyard 
Well , there ’ s nothing we can ’ t handle . I ’ ll spray the floorboards and walls to get rid of the cockroaches , but the termites will be harder to get rid of . We will have to cover the entire house and fu
No problem , just get rid of the bugs 
how is your house hunting going 
not very well . I haven ’ t found anything within my price range yet 
how much are you looking to spend 
I can only afford about 300 pounds a month 
looks like you ’ re not going to get more than a bedroom in a shared flat with that 
really ? That ’ s a lot of money to pay for one room 
well , if you want to live in London , you have to pay the price 
do you know of anyone who needs a roommate 
I can ask around at work . Do you have a preference for makers or non-smokers 
I ’ d prefer non-smoking roommates , but I guess I ’ ll have to take what I can get 
how long do you want to sign a contract for 
I can sign a contract up to a year . I don ’ t know where I ’ ll be after that 
do you need a furnished or unfurnished apartment 
I don ’ t have any furniture , so it ’ d be great if it were furnished 
you know that you ’ ll have to pay utilities on top of the rent , right 
no , I thought that would be included in the rent 
it ’ s not usually included , so you ’ ll have to factor in about 100 pounds more each month for utilities 
I don't think I can afford that 
don ’ t worry . Sometimes people will give you a discount if you promise to do the clearing or take care of the children 
that's a good idea . I ’ ll look into finding something like that 
I have some good news for you 
What's that 
Jenny is getting married 
Great ! Who's the bridegroom 
Tom , that lucky guy 
The guy always hands the girls in a line . When did he propose 
Last week , It said that he fell in love with Jenny at Mrs.Whit ' s party last Monday as soon as he saw her 
My gosh ! How romantic ! When's the big day 
July 4 , the National Holiday 
Will it be a church wedding or a civil ceremony 
Jenny plans to hold it in church 
Who is the best man 
Guess 
Nobody is OK , but you 
You know , Tom is my best friend and he asked me to be his best man 
Did you promise him 
Yes , I did 
Sally , do you really need to go 
Yeah.It ' s a must for me 
But don't forget to give me a ring 
I won't , mum 
Where's the nearest tailor's 
There is one just around the corner 
The jacket is tight in the shoulders and long in the sleeve . What about the price there 
The price is moderate , but their work is sometimes not satisfactory 
Is there a better tailor's around here 
No , there is not , as far as I know 
Someone ’ s told me behind closed door that he is very hot-tempered 
I ’ m afraid what you were told is not quite right , if you could meet him in person , and you ’ ll know he ’ s very agreeable and capable 
Really ? I hope to meet him soon 
Are you ready to order now , sir 
Yes , please 
What would you like to have for your appetizer , sir 
I would like vegetable soup , please
And what would you like to have for the main course
Shrimp salad . And what kind of pie do you have 
Apple , banana and strawberry pie 
Then a piece of apple pie , please 
And what would you like for dessert 
Icecream , please 
What flavor would you like 
orange
Thank you . I'll bring your order right away 
Mr Brown ! How nice to see you , can I help 
I'm not exactly sure if it's your department , but I'd like to ask some questions about qualifying for Comprehensive Credit Granting 
I see . You are one of my favourite customers , Mr Brown . I'm more than happy to help . For Comprehensive Credit Granting , IBA will grant a promised quota for you , that is , if you qualify . Of course , your credit record , within you field of trade needs to be up to scratch 
How long a period will you look at to determine this 
We will consider the first part of the year , in your particular field , and your credit rating can be no less than class A , during that period 
That sounds simple enough . It's Friday today , I'll be back on Monday morning , first thing , with all of the relevant data . See you then , and enjoy your weekend 
The academy is an important part of the education system 
I couldn't agree with you more 
It ’ s nice meeting you 
It ’ s nice to meet you , too 
I am happy to be speaking to a presidential candidate 
Would you like to ask me anything 
What do you feel about gay marriage 
I think everyone has the right to love who they want 
Would you legalize gay marriage 
Yes , I would 
Many people won ’ t like that 
I ’ m sure they won ’ t , but that ’ s my view on gay marriage 
I really like you 
I really appreciate that 
Hello , come in , I've been waiting for you 
Than you , I'm not late , am I 
No , no , no , not at all.It ' s just that I've been looking forward to meeting you 
Well , thank you , but it's not all that hard to do , you know . I've been calling your office and sending you proposals for about two years now , and you've never responded before 
Ha , ha , ha ! Yes , I guess I deserved that . Let me explain , okay 
Please , I wish you would 
Well , as you probably know I buy from a selected group of suppliers and don't , as a rule , deal with new people 
Yes , I know that . It's why Ive been trying to become one of those suppliers . I hear you're a good man to do business with 
I'm very old-fashioned . I believe in loyalty.Once I start a sales relationship with someone , I stay with him or her , and we so most of our business on the phone . I expect their absolute best price possible and don't haggle.But if I find out they screwed me over , then I find another supplier 
That's pretty much what I heard 
Well , those are my terms . As long as you honor them , we do business.If you break faith and try to take advantage , I'll find someone else to work with . Can you live with that 
No problem at all , Mike . Just give me the chance 
Well , Randy , I'd say you've got a bad case of the flu . The main thing to do is get plenty of rest and drink lots of liquids . I'll prescribe something for that throat 
Thanks , doctor . Is there anything I can take for this headache 
Some aspirin or Panadol should help . You can pick some up at the pharmacy when you go to fill your prescription 
Okay 
Goodbye , Randy . Take care 
Steven , shall we go shopping tomorrow 
Hum ... Why not go shopping the day after tomorrow ? Tomorrow is Saturday . I hate all the hustle and bustle of Saturday shopping 
But Sunday is the same with Saturday . If you don ’ t mind , that's OK 
Hum.Maybe it will be better . The most important thing is that I can have a day to relax after a week's work 
I see . We will go the day after tomorrow 
By the way , what kind of stores do we need to go 
I want to buy some clothes in clothing store . When we are going back , go to the butcher's shop and buy some chicken 
Let ’ s also go to the jewelry store to buy a crystal necklace . I want to buy one for you as your birthday present 
Thank you , darling 
This place is great . I'm surprised there are so many things here 
Yes , but it takes a while to find things . It's not organized as carefully as a regular store 
What's the difference between an outlet and a regular store 
Usually a clothes company will send their overstock to an outlet . The prices are very low . But you may find faulty products here too 
Faulty products 
Yes . Sometimes the fault is very small ; if you have a needle and thread , you can fix it yourself . So it's a good deal to buy it 
Oh , that's easy for me . I think it's really a good deal 
Yes . You can save a lot of money in this way 
That's great for me . Look , children's clothes ! I'd like to buy some winter clothes for my son and daughter 
Why not buy the sweater ? It only costs 30 Yuan 
Yes , I'll take it . Are there any jeans ? Xiaohui's jeans are always dirty . I also need four pairs of slippers 
How many do you want to buy 
I ought to make the most of it while I'm here , don't you think 
You're right 
Ladies and gentlemen , here is the Westminster Abbey . It's one of the oldest buildings in London 
What a large building . Can we visit by ourselves 
Of course . Take your time and enjoy your trip 
Thank you . When and where shall we meet 
We will meet at 5:00 right here 
I see 
I'm better now . Want to play again 
I'll let you break the balls this time 
Let's get all the balls out of the pockets 
OK . How much do you want to bet on this game 
You are crazy . Gambling is against my principles 
May I ask what the core value of the company is 
The core values are credibilities , team work , diligence and devotion 
Are they different from other companies 
Yes , we are a foreign-invested company 
I'm really fed up with Larry ! He's the biggest airhead I've ever met.He always makes careless mistakes , and he's a pain to work with 
You shouldn't be so negative.You ' ll always have some co-workers that are harder to work with than others.But if you are negative and start name-calling in the office , it will make a bad working environment for everybody 
You only say that because you don't have to work with him.The people in your department seem so capable and nice to be around.Take Mary for example.She ' s smart and enthusiastic . I've never met anyone as cheery as she is 
Everybody has their strengths and weaknesses.Even Larry.He might be a pain to be around , but he's also very good at staying in budget on projects.Mary , on the other hand , spends our project money like there's no tomorrow.Also , she's never willing to stay a little later at the office.She always leaves at 5pm sharp 
Isn't there anyone in the office that is a perfect co-worker ? What about Bob ? Everybody loves Bob.Even though he's flesh out of college and still a bit green , he is a great co-worker 
You're right.He ' s a hard worker , easy to get along with , honest , and he never steals the credit on projects.The only thing he's lacking in is experience 
Maybe that's why he's so nice 
When you need an apartment , where do you look for one 
Our school has a link on its website for apartments 
Can I share an apartment with someone 
Some of the ads in the paper are from people looking for roommates 
Are apartments expensive in this city 
Do you need a single apartment , or is this for two people 
I want a two-bedroom apartment 
You can get that type of apartment for around fifteen hundred dollars a month 
Would you have time to go look at apartments with me 
I love apartment hunting . I ’ ll be happy to go with you 
Could you give me an expense report ? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season 
Here you are . Do you need glue 
That is very kind of you . I ’ m just running out of glue 
You ’ re welcome 
I heard Betty lost her tennis match this morning , so she's out of the tournament 
Really ? What a shame ! I thought she was going to win this one 
Me , too . I'm sure she'll do better in the next tournament 
Hello , ma ’ am , can I help you find something 
Yes , actually I ’ m looking to buy a camera 
We ’ Ve got a wide selection do you know if you ’ d like a point-and-shoot , or something a little fancier ? Are you shopping for yourself or for someone else 
Actually I ’ m buying a camera for my husband 
Ah , well then I ’ d recommend a nice entry-level digital SLR 
Yeah ? Can I take a look at the Sirs you carry 
Sure thing , follow me . This here is the 
The Canon Eos . Yeah it ’ s ok , but I ’ m looking for something that performs better in low light , has a better display panel , and longer battery life 
Oh , ah , um the Nikon D60 is a nice option 
Yeah , but what kit lens does this camera come with ? I don ’ t want some bulky telephoto lens 
Oh , well this one has the , uh 
Looks to me like an 18-55 mm lens . pretty standard , that will do . Not like my husband will be stalking celebrities or anything 
So , ahem , can I interest you in any acc ..
Accessories ? Do you carry polarizing filters 
Polarizing filter um we should ! I ’ m sorry , ma ’ am . It looks like we ’ re sold out 
No you ’ re not ! There are some right here 
Oh , well , would you look at that ! Polarizing filters 
Thanks for your help , Ralph 
No problem , ma ’ am 
I know that you are interested in our washers 
Yes , we are thinking of placing an order . However we would like to know what kinds of machines are available for export and in addition your sales terms , including mode of payment , discount and possible date of delivery 
We supply washers of all types and sizes . We have years of experience in the manufacture of washers 
We have read about this in your sales literature . Could you give us some idea of your prices 
Our prices compare favorably with those offered by other manufactures either in Europe or anywhere else . Here are our latest price lists . You will see that our prices are very attractive 
Do you take special orders ? That is , do you make machines according to the specific requirements from clients 
Sure , we do 
How long does it usually take you to make delivery 
As a rule , we deliver all our orders within three months after receipt of relevant L / C . It takes longer , of course , for special orders . In no case would it take longer than six months 
Good . One more thing , we'd like you to quote us on CIF basis 
Okay . No problem 
Can you show me some jade , please 
Yes , of course . Do you like a jade necklace 
No , but I do like jade bracelets 
Here are all kinds of jades . Choose whatever you like , please 
Thank you . ( A moment later ) Oh , this one is quite impressive . I'll take it . By the way , do you sell pearl earrings 
Yes . Natural pearls or cultured pearls ? We have both kinds 
I wonder which looks more lustrous 
Well , natural pearls are of higher value , but the cultured pearls have equal lustre and are just as beautiful 
Oh , I see . I think I prefer a natural one 
Hey , where's Cindy 
She told me that she's got tennis practice today 
You're Mary , right 
How did you know 
Cindy told me about you in our gym class 
I see . Do you live in this neighborhood , too 
My house is next door to yours 
Oh , Cindy did mention you before . You're Alexander Newman 
Just call me Alex . Alex and Alexander are the same thing 
Hey , Robert , what are you doing this weekend 
I didn't have any big plans 
We are putting together a birthday party for Mary 
That sounds like fun . Where will it be 
We thought it would be fun to have a pool party at Jay's house 
Oh good ! Can I bring anything 
We will be providing hot dogs , hamburgers , and cake , but people can bring side dishes 
I am assuming that the dress is casual 
Dress casually and bring your bathing suit 
Wonderful . Just e-mail me the time and date and I'll be there 
Let's speed up . We're going to be late again 
If we hurry , can we get there in time 
I hope so 
Peter , enough with your computer games . Go do your homework now 
Can't I play more 
No ! Stop playing computer games 
Mom , I'll be finished soon 
Peter , if you don't turn off your computer , then I won't allow you to play it again starting next week 
Good afternoon , madam . Can I help you 
Yes , I'd like to change these dollars , please 
OK . How do you like your money , madam 
In fifty yuan bills , please 
Just a moment , please . I'll check for you 
Do you have any questions you want to ask 
Yes , I'd like to know if there would be any future opportunities for specific training 
If necessary there will be . Any other questions 
When will I know your decision 
We'll give you our decision in a few days . How can we get in touch with you 
I can be reached at my office during work hours and at home in the evening . My office phone number and home phone number are in my resume 
Thank you for your interest in our company 
Thank you , sir . I expect to hear from you as soon as possible 
Would you please let the next applicant come in on your way out 
All right . Goodbye 
Have you ever served in any international trading company 
Yes . I once worked in a small company for one year 
Then why did you leave 
My reason for leaving is that I wish to get into the advertising business 
What have you learnt from this short experience 
I've learnt a lot about business knowhow . I got to know what kind of knowledge was needed in my future work 
I'd like to purchase a parking permit for next semester 
Are you a daytime student or do you just come in the evenings 
I am a daytime student 
Will you be driving a motorcycle or a car 
I will be driving my car 
OK , that will be twenty-five dollars . How would you like to pay for it 
I'll pay for it with a check 
Would you like to pay for any extra permits for another vehicle 
No , thanks ; I'm fine 
Here you go then . Have a great school year 
Excuse me , Bill 
Hi , Christine . How ’ s it going 
Fine , thanks . Mr . Emory would like to meet with Mr . Macmillan tomorrow afternoon . Can you take a look at his book 
Sure , just a second . All right , what time 
Daddy , do you mind helping me prepare the supplies for mountain climbing 
OK . I am coming 
Is it gonna to rain tomorrow 
I have checked the weather report . It says it will be cloudy , but no rain 
Just take my umbrella in case of rain 
Daniel , don't forget to take enough water and food 
Definitely , or else , I will starve to death halfway up the mountain 
Me , too , haha 
Daddy , may I take your compass ? I feel so cool with it in my hand 
All right . Oh , I nearly forgotten , I left my sneakers at my office 
It doesn't matter . I can go with you to the supermarket to pick up a new pair 
OK , after we finish our preparation , we'll go to the supermarket 
Can you book me a double room for February 22 
Well , we won't be able to guarantee you a room for February 22 , but we can book you on February 23.Is that OK 
I guess so 
How is Rose now 
It ’ s still touch and go . We don ’ t see how she can make it 
I ’ m sorry to hear about that 
Would you mind telling me the purpose of your visit to the U . K . 
I am here on business 
May I see your passport 
Of course , here you are 
Would you please open the suitcase ? What are these 
They are two cameras 
Do you have anything to declare 
Yes , I have one carton of cigarettes and a bottle of whiskey 
OK , you're through now 
Excuse me . Does this hotel have a fitness facility 
Yes , we try to accommodate all needs of our patrons , including fitness 
Where is your fitness facility located 
The gym is just below the lobby . Take the elevator or the stairs . You can't miss it 
Is there an additional surcharge for the gym 
No , the gym is free to guests . Take your room key , however , so you can get in 
What time is the gym open , and what time does it close 
The gym is open seven days a week , twenty-four hours a day 
Do you offer trainer services along with the gym 
Unfortunately , no . If you want a trainer , you'll have to use another gym 
You wouldn't believe what I got in the mail today 
what's that 
it's a letter from Ray and Sue in Shanghai 
have you read it yet 
no , I thought I'd wait until you got home 
go on , read it out loud 
ok . It says , " Dear Jessica . It was so good to receive you letter . I sounds like you and Riley are settling into your new home with ease ... 
when did you send her a letter 
just a few weeks ago . Sue and I send letters to each other often 
I didn't know anyone did that any more . Ok , go on 
ok ... I'm going to have to skip over this section . It's girl-talk 
that's fine with me 
oh . It's actually all rather personal 
well , skip over all of that and read me the rest 
ok , it just says , ball , blah , blah ... " Ray and I look forward to seeing you in June . Write soon . With love , Sue . 
are we going to see them in June or are they coming to see us 
didn't I tell you ? We're going to Shanghai to stay with them in June 
oh , I guess I missed that 
men 
Welcome to IBA . Do you need any assistance 
Yes , please . I'm hoping to get a mortgage from you and was wondering about your interest rates 
I see . We offer Personal Housing Loans , or mortgages , at a rate of 0.42 % per month 
That's pretty much the same as I've been quoted at other banks 
We offer many different payment plans . Would you be looking at long-term or short-term ? Are you looking at a 10 - year repayment plan 
Definitely . I want to get my mortgage paid off as soon as I can 
Then we can certainly help you with that . You see , for shorter term loans , we can offer an even more competitive interest rate 
Mmmm ... that does sound interesting . Is there anyone available I can talk with about this in more detail 
I'll get our Mortgage Adviser for you . Please take a seat , I won't be a minute 
Hey , I'm hungry . How about you 
Yeah , I can really go for some Chinese food right now 
That's a great idea . Let's go to a Chinese restaurant 
I know one . Let's go 
When can I know whether I am accepted or not 
I think we'll send you a letter next week , if you are wanted , or we may give you a call . By the way , have you got a telephone 
Yes , my office phone number is 373 ... 36 
What's the best time to call you , then 
Between four and five in the afternoon 
Thank you for coming , Miss Yang 
The pleasure is mine . It's been nice talking with you . Goodbye 
Hi . What can I get for you 
I ’ d like a half a pound of ground beef , please 
Good choice ! Our ground beef is extra lean , if you know what I mean 
Could I also have half a dozen pork chops and two pounds of boneless chicken breasts 
No , no no no chicken breasts at the moment , but we have some nice chicken thighs 
No , that won ’ t do . I ’ ll take this smoked ham you have here 
Okay , is there anything else 
Is this salami and bologna you have here 
Yes ! It ’ s very fine meat ! Made it myself ..
Sounds good . Okay , that ’ s it 
Wait ! We have T-bone , rib eye , and sirloin steaks . They are very fresh ! Just came from the slaughter house ..
Mmm ... No that ’ s okay , really . I think that ’ s all for today 
Okay . That will be thirty-four dollars and fifty cents 
Hello , I am calling to confirm my reservation for a single room 
On which day 
This Friday 
Well , let me check for you . Yes , you are booked already . It's a single room with a bath , facing the south 
That's right . Thank you 
Well , that's why you'r here.My source for big TV sets overcharged me on the last shipment , so I need someone new . I wanted to meet you to see if we can work together . I think
I agree 
Fine , but before you agree , don't you need to know what you're agreeing to 
I guess you're right.But like you said , you called me here to check me out . I've been doing the same 
Ha , ha , ha ! That's fair.How did I do 
Quite good , actually . I'm pretty sure you're demanding , but fair and honest . I feel we can work together 
Good , well , here's what I need from you . Are you ready 
Shoot 
Well , I know you work for someone else , but as your client , please , we have to get this straight between us . I'm your client , not your company.As your client , I expect you to be square with me at all times . Can you do that 
I don't see a problem 
Good ! Do you have any questions 
The fried shrimp is crunchy ! But my mom will never cook shrimp this way . She always says that fried food is not healthy 
How does she cook the shrimp 
She often cooks it in a large pan of boiling water 
I don't like that . I like fried food , fried potatoes , fried chicken , fried sausage ... I can't see why fried food is not healthy 
My mom says it has a lot of fat . I also suggest you do not eat so many fried things 
It's all right ! I often fry sausages when my mom is not at home 
Really ? I really want to have a try 
Come to my house this Sunday . My mom will not be at home then . We can cook some wonderful fried food by ourselves 
That sounds like a good idea ! But I'm afraid my mom will be angry about it 
Look , all you do is press that button and it ’ s ready to use 
Then what about the wire 
Just make sure you never touch the wire 
So I know . Thanks 
Could you explain the paper-making process to us - in very simple terms - please 
Well , the pulp falls from a box onto the first part of the paper machine , which is basically a wire bed with large holes in it , where most of the water is extracted 
So , is it actually paper at this stage 
Yes , it is . But we need to take out more water . So it then passes through a series of rollers , where more water is squeezed out . After that it goes through the dryers , which are at a very high temperature . The paper is then coated . And finally it's wound onto reels and cut down into smaller lengths 
How many languages can you speak 
I can speak French and German 
How well can you speak them 
I can speak German quite well , but I can't speak French very well 
Can you help me to translate these sentences into German now 
No , but I'll be able to tomorrow 
It seems a glorious day today 
I agree ..
It's beginning to spot 
Just now we both thought it would be fine 
Did you enjoy the restaurant 
I didn't really like it all that much 
What do you think the problem was 
Well , they are pretty new . I just didn't feel that they were ready to open yet 
How did you feel about the food 
The food wasn't all that exciting 
I don't think that the service was good , either 
Yes , the service certainly didn't add to the experience 
Would you like to return to this restaurant 
Maybe we could try it again in a few months when things have settled down 
Could you help me to register for a class 
Do you know what class you want to take 
Are there any Psychology classes available 
I believe there are still two Psychology classes open 
On what days are the classes 
There is one class on Tuesday and Thursday from 2 to 4 
Can you tell me about the other class 
It's from 10-12 on Monday and Wednesday 
You're positive that these are the only classes left 
These two are the only ones 
The class on Monday and Wednesday will be fine 
Very good 
Do you know how happy I am ? The Ant Kingdom is a perfect world with colorful fairy tales . It seems like the air is fresh here 
Just kids like that 
Come on baby , stop trying to pretend like a man . If you go there , you are sure to like them 
Hurry up ! Hurry up ! What lovely caterpillars are over there 
I said you are sure to like them . There is the Grand Parade Of Ants Carnival in a few minutes in the square . You will experience a dream of fantasy 
What's that 
All kinds of insects dress themselves up . They drive straight their own Flower Cars along the Parade Avenue of Ants Kingdom 
That's splendid . Can you take three pictures of me with them 
I thought you had grown out of such child practices 
Cut it out . Look at my smile , and it seems like the flowers in the spring . Right 
Gross 
Hurry up ! The smile is frozen on my face 
I'd like to open an account please 
Would you like a savings or a chequing account 
Savings , please 
Right.Could you fill out this form please 
Good afternoon , Mr . Dome ’ s office 
This is Denise , Mr . Bruce ’ s Secretary . I was calling to confirm his meeting tomorrow with Mr . Dome at 4 o ’ clock 
Yes , it ’ s confirmed for here in our office 
Is your address still 1150 Lake Road 
Yes , that ’ s correct 
Ok . Thank you 
I've been standing here since half past seven . Where on earth have you been 
I'm terribly sorry I'm late . I just couldn't help it 
It's really very easy saying you're sorry 
Look , just give me a chance . I can explain it 
You have got a problem , haven't you 
Yes . I am getting fat . What should I do 
Eat less and exercise more . Do not eat too much sweet food 
Are you voting tomorrow 
Of course . What about you 
You know that I am 
Where is your polling place 
It ’ s at the park up the street 
Oh , is that right 
Where ’ s your polling place 
I have no idea 
How come you don ’ t know where it is 
Nothing came in the mail telling me my polling place 
You should check online 
Oh , really ? Thanks , I ’ m going to do that right now 
He has so many friends supporting him 
And he himself is very diligent . Considering all these , I think he has the ball at his feet 
But he has to stick to it and to it long enough 
I want to send some money to Nanchang . Is it handled here 
Yes , sir . How much would you like to remit 
I want to remit 1,200 yuan to my brother in Nanchang 
No problem . Do you want the money to go by M / T or T / T 
What's the difference 
If you take M / T , it will take a longer time for your brother to receive the money 
OK . I'll take T / T 
Would you please fill in this application form 
All right . Here it is 
For 1,200 yuan to Nanchang , the commission is 12 yuan 
Here you are . Thanks 
You are welcome 
Bye-bye 
So , how's your work 
Good . How about you 
I am going to resign . A few of the new staff have already left . Obviously , a lot of similar jobs pay much better salaries 
But your company is huge . Can't they afford to pay the staff decent wages 
But we have a policy of paying according to seniority in the company , so new employees get quite low salary , no matter how excellent they have done 
That's shortsighted . By the time the workers are experienced and contributing . They are likely to go 
That's why I am going to leave 
But you have already worked there for five years 
I am worried about my future . I can't believe that our company is as big as it is . The company can only continue to grow by taking care of its staff 
Well . The management doesn't seem to think that way . Anyways , you have to think twice before you act 
Thank you . I will 
What's your name please 
Wang Yongmei 
Why are you applying for a visa 
I want to immigrate to the States because my daughter works and lives there 
How long has your daughter been in the States 
About nine years
What's her job 
She is a teacher in a highschool , She teaches Chinese 
OK . thank you . Could you please fill out this form 
All right 
Hello , there . Welcome , and what can we assist you with 
Good morning . I have a Bill of Exchange against Bank Acceptance here . I'd like to discount it . Is that possible here 
Yes , we can do that . We require the original Trading Contract and also the VAT Invoice and the Commodity Delivery Documents . They all need to be in duplicate 
Yes , I've got all that here 
Do you have a copy of the ID card of the person who took care of the legal aspects of this ? The Legal Rep , I mean ? We also need the Loan Certificate as well . Do you have that 
A copy or the original ? I guess you need the original , right ? OK , I'll return shortly 
Excuse me , Professor , I have a problem and need to leave class early 
Why do you have to leave early 
I am not feeling well 
Could you make it up by attending my other section this week 
Yes , it's all taken care of 
Are you leaving right away or can you stay for a few more minutes 
I can stay a few more minutes 
OK , but please make sure that you get all of your make-up work completed 
Thanks , Professor . I've got it covered 
Go do what you have to do , but make sure it doesn't happen again 
Do you know what you're going to do this weekend 
I am going to see a movie with a friend of mine . What about you 
I don't know 
Would you like to see a movie with me and my friend 
Do you know what movie you're going to watch 
I don't know , but was there a certain movie you wanted to see 
None that I can think of 
Well , would you like to go 
Thank you for inviting me , but I think I'll pass 
All right . Another time then 
I was told to come to you to get a chest X-ray 
No problem . Just take your clothes off from the waist up and put the gown on , with the opening in the back 
Then what should I do 
You will stand over here up against this plate 
Should I just stand naturally 
You will raise your arms up shoulder high 
Is this all right 
Yes , you are doing great 
Where will you be going 
I need to stand behind this shield . Now you will take a deep breath , hold it , and let it out 
Is that it 
That ’ s it . You can get dressed when the film is developed 
Good afternoon , sir . May I help you 
I want to post this package to the United States 
Do you want to mail it by air or by sea 
By sea 
Good morning , Sir . Are you here to get some advice about our new Personal Financing Program 
I am indeed . What can you tell me 
The account is a compound savings account , which is in RIB and Forex 
Do I get a card 
Yes , you can have a Money Link card . You can also base the account on time deposits . The choice is yours 
How about the interest ? I'm not really happy with the interest I'm receiving through my Current Account 
The interest on this new account is higher than any of the accounts in our Personal Financing 
That sounds better . Also , can I use the one card for several accounts ? Say , if I have two or three accounts and want to transfer money from one to the other 
Yes , you can have multi-accounts on the card , you can also make transfers from the account and securities companies and various other benefits 
That's wonderful 
Steve , thanks for looking after Johnny 
It was a pleasure , Mrs . Robinson 
And this kitchen is so clean . Did you help Johnny with that 
I helped break ... I mean WASH ... all the dishes 
That's great . And the garbage , too 
Yeah , uh , it's outside . Listen , I really have to be going now 
Thanks for your help 
Have you ever thought about Tom ’ s attitude 
I ’ Ve cut it upland come to the conclusion that hi is actually sick of Jenny ’ s brother . But he likes Jenny . She is a big apple in his eye 
Love me , love my dog . He ’ s a sensible kind man 
That ’ s why many people look up to him 
Good afternoon , everyone . The experiment is to start at 3 . Have you gone through the instructions 
Yes , sir 
Ok , now some points for attention . First of all , pay attention to safety ... Now , sign your names on the lab record , and after that you can start . If there is any question , just let me know 
Excuse me , sir . This air compressor doesn't work 
Have you turned it on 
Yes , I have 
Ok , I will get you another one 
Thank you 
Where do you come from 
I come from Greece 
What's the climate like in your country 
It's very pleasant 
What's the weather like in spring 
It's often windy in March . It's always warm in April and May , but it rains sometimes 
What's it like in summer 
It's always hot in June , July and August . The sun shines every day 
Is it cold or warm in autumn 
It's always warm in September and October . It's often cold in November and it rains sometimes 
Is it very cold in winter 
It's often cold in December , January and February . It snows sometimes 
It's time for bed 
I'm not ready to go to sleep . I'm not tired 
It's quite late , and you have an early day tomorrow 
I'm not going to be able to fall asleep 
Why don't you try counting sheep 
I've tried that before . It really doesn't work 
That's beside the point , you still need to go to bed 
Why can't I just stay up until I fall asleep 
If I let you do that , then you're just going to be up all night 
I promise I'll go to sleep soon 
No , you're going to sleep now , so good night 
See you in the morning 
What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess 
Generally speaking , he needs creativity , the ability to communicate , sense of personal responsibilities , the ability to solve problems and so on 
Do you have all these qualities 
Yes , I have all of them . I am totally competent to be a senior executive 
Sybil . Is that spelt with an I or a Y 
Both actually . S , Y , B , I , L 
Of course 
Do you have to leave soon 
No . Actually I can stay longer . Dave called to say that there is a beautiful Chinese girl who ’ s going to pick me up at the school gate tonight at ten thirty instead of eight thirty 
Oh , that ’ s better . So you don ’ t have to rush 
Yeah . You know what Dave just said 
What 
He said I should put on something very nice , because this girl will be my next target 
He knows you very well 
He always makes fun of me . He always says things like that . You know the new coming teacher , a Chinese Canadian . He said she would really be my chance 
I ’ m sure you have chances everywhere . You ’ re handsome , talkative , and got a sense of humor . You must be very popular 
No , you ’ re kidding . I ’ m not taking it seriously 
What have you been up to , Johnny 
You know-sweeping , scrubbing , washing , drying , waxing , polishing ..
Wow , your grandma's really having a field day with you , huh 
You got that right ... and my mom's still mad about what we did with the dishes 
You have all the fun , don't you 
Listen , I'd better get back to the grindstone 
Sure thing , Johnny . Watch out for dishpan hands there , kid 
Excuse me , I ’ Ve been waiting here for fifteen minutes.Do you know why the traffic is so heavy 
A lorry overturned on the road and blocked it , so all the traffic was held up 
Oh , what a terrible situation ! This traffic is unbearable 
Yeah , traffic was brought to a standstill by the accident . If we had gone early we would miss the traffic 
I agree with you . But now we have to wait . The sky is overcast , and it is very sultry . I fear a thunder storm is brewing 
Don ’ t worry . The traffic jam is said to be over soon 
Yes , I hope so . Thank you for telling me this 
It ’ s my pleasure 
Have you heard about the new iPhone 
yes , I heard it's supposed to come out in June . Are you thinking about getting one 
I'd like to . It's a cell phone , camera , PAD and mp3 player all in one 
if I had enough money , I'd buy one , but I don't even have enough to buy one of their shuffle spods 
how big is a shuffle iPod 
the first generation iPod shuffle is about the size of a park of gum and the second generation iPod shuffle is about half the size of the first 
how many gigs of music can it hold 
I think it's either one or two gigs . I can't remember 
how much do they cost 
not much at all . I think it's about 100 dollars 
you're right , that's not bad at all 
do you have an iPod 
I got one for my birthday when they first came out , but after the battery died out , I never brought another one 
why didn't you just buy another battery for it so you could use it 
that's one of the problems with having an iPod . Though an iPod might have an above average battery life , once the battery is dead , so is your iPod 
What ? I don't get it ..
Many of the slower dances are danced to the lyrics of tragedies . He meant that you turned it into a comedy 
Well , I'm glad I made everyone happy 
He meant it in a good way . You added a little spice to the performance 
I'm glad you guys all have such a good sense of humor . Ha-ha ..
Of course ! That's why I always say , Eat , drink and be Greek 
What is your technical title 
I am an Assistant Electronics Engineer 
Why do you choose this field as your career 
I've wanted to be involved in engineering ever since I was little . And my study has equipped me with a career as a mechanical engineer 
Hello , I hope to get a room for the night 
Do you have a reservation 
Sorry , I don't 
Let me see if I can fit you in . What kind of room do you want 
I only need a single room 
Smoking or non-smoking 
Smoking if possible 
You are in luck , we have one free 
I am very grateful . How much will it be 
That will be 600 RIB . Could I have your credit card please 
Oh dear . I don't have it with me . Do you take debit cards or should I pay with cash 
A debit card will be fine 
Yesterday I read hamlet.such a fantastic book 
You said it.No one can match Shakespeare in artistic talent 
I do agree with you 
Hello , Tom . Where are you heading for 
I am going to a movie theater . You know there is a new action film produced by Hollywood . A thriller , really 
Another terror film ? There is too much terror and violence in the films . Do you like seeing such a picture 
I don't really like seeing bloody frames , but I appreciate the lifelike frames simulated with the highly skillful special effects 
Which department do you want to register with 
I want to see a dentist 
Please pay the registration fee , 10 Yuan 
OK , thank you 
Your request for compensation makes me surprised . What happened 
It is because of the quality 
Could you tell me the particulars 
I told you that we want first-class goods . So the quality , specification and price are clarified in our contract . Do you remember those details 
Yes , I do 
The re-examination results indicate that one-third of the goods are not up to standard 
Really ? We began to load the goods after we made sure they were qualified 
I told you the truth . According to the contract , if you fail to honor the contract , we are entitled to cancel it 
It's amazing to me how international business has become . Take my store for example . On any given day , you will find imported items from more than 20 different countries on our shelves 
How many different varieties of products do you import from China 
China provides the bulk of our product inventory , for sure . We import more than 40 different items from China . Most of the imports that come out of China are low-grade plastics or toys . Japan produces many electronic exports , Germany produces excellent mechanical exports 
Do you import any food items 
Generally speaking , food items are difficult to import . Food with the short shelf life is liable to spoil in the time it takes to ship from one place to another . The only food items we import are specialty canned or preserved foods . The shelf life is longer for these products 
Excuse me , but could you tell me the way to the railway station 
The railway station ? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner.The station is at the end of that street 
How long will it take me to get there 
It's about a ten-minute walk 
That's very clear . I think I can find my way now.Thank you 
Not at all 
Anna , Would you like to dance 
I ’ d love to , but I ’ m a terrible dancer . I ’ m afraid I may step on your toes 
Don ’ t worry about it . I ’ ll show you how . It ’ s a piece of cake 
Thank you . I ’ ll try my best 
What kind of job have you ever had 
I used to work as a teacher 
How did you like your job 
Oh , if I hadn't moved here I would never thought of changing it 
How do you like your overcoat , sir 
It's a bit too large . Would you please shorten the sleeves 
OK , no problem . Let me take your measurement 
Besides , can you take up the hem one inch 
Fine 
How's your new apartment 
I thought it was in a quiet neighborhood , but it isn't 
What's wrong 
One of my neighbors has a dog 
Does it make a lot of noise 
It barks all night long 
Could you help me 
What do you need 
I can't seem to find my class 
What building is it in 
It's in the C building 
Oh , I know exactly where that is 
Do you think you can tell me where it is 
Sure , what room number is it 
It's room number 261 
I have a class around there right now 
Could you show me where it is 
No problem , come on 
This shirt is really nice 
You have a very good taste , sir . Would you like to try it on 
OK . I'll try on a medium size 
Here you are
Where is the fitting room 
It's just around the comer 
It's too big tor me . Do you have a smaller one 
Yes . One moment , please 
Excuse me , sir . I wonder if I could exchange the shoes for a larger one 
No problem . May I see your receipt , please 
Here you are 
That's right . Now try on this one . It's size 41 
Why don ’ t we go for Teppanyaki tonight 
Mmm ... to be honest , I ’ d rather go for a pizza 
Actually , I haven ’ t had a pizza for a while . Let ’ s do that then 
Ok , shall we go to Pizza Hut or Pizza Italia 
If it were up to me , I ’ d prefer to go to Pizza Hut . The toppings are much tastier 
I think you ’ re absolutely right . Ok , that ’ s decided then 
See you tonight 
I am really excited 
Why are you so excited 
I just got done voting 
This was your first time voting , wasn ’ t it 
I just turned 18 last month 
That is so lucky of you 
Why 
You turned 18 a month before the election 
I didn ’ t think of it that way 
Are you serious 
Seriously , but I ’ m excited that I did 
Congratulations on being a part of history 
Let's sell our stocks now 
Why ? They keep going up 
I have a feeling they're about to go down in a few days 
Come in , young man 
( while shaking hands ) I am Zhang Wei , nice to meet you , sir 
I am Smith , the personnel director . Please have a seat , son 
Thank you . Have you received my resume 
Actually , I haven ’ t had time to look it over . Did you bring another copy with you 
Of course , here you are , sir 
Call me Mr . Smith 
Certainly , it would be my pleasure , Mr . Smith 
when are you going to give me those brochures 
What ’ s the rush ? You ’ re not leaving for another week 
I know , but I want to make reservations this week 
Okay . I ’ ll bring them in tomorrow for sure 
Wake up , it's time for school 
I'm so tired . Let me sleep for five more minutes 
You have to get up and get ready for school 
I know , but just five more minutes 
I can't let you go back to sleep , because you won't wake back up 
I promise I'll wake up , in five minutes 
You still need to eat breakfast , take a shower , and get dressed 
I realize that , and I can do all that when I wake up in five minutes 
I don't want you to be late for school today 
I'm not going to be late today 
Fine , five more minutes 
Thank you 
Hey , Jim . It's time to wake up and get out of bed 
Do I have to get up now 
You'd better get up , or you'll be late 
What're you talking about ? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet 
Yes , it did . It went off thirty minutes ago . You slept right through it . You're like a dead person while you sleep 
I must have slept right through it 
Rise and shine ! Sleepyhead 
Just let me sleep five more minutes 
The early bird gets the worm 
I know , I know . But I don't want any worms 
Ha ! Ha ! If you don't make an effort now , later on it'll be a lot tougher for you 
Crossed cousin marriage is not allowed in China 
It it true of many countries 
You know why 
Sure . If people are near in blood , they might pass on some genetic disease to the next generation 
What is today 
Thursday 
So the weekend is coming ! How about seeing a film 
I'd love to 
Good coming , sir 
Good morning 
Would you mind moving to the middle of the bus 
Of course not . But I don't know when to get off 
Where are you going 
I'm going to Wangfujing 
Don't worry . I'll let you know when we get there 
Thank you very much 
are you a blogger 
sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years 
oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started 
I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides 
what do you usually write about 
at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an
that's interesting . How often do you write a blog 
it's random . If there happen to be a lot of things going on , I may add several new entries in a week , and if I've got nothing to share , I may leave my blog untouched for weeks 
got it . Are you still updating your blog 
sure , since I came back from the US , I've been keeping the habit of blogging , simply to share my personal insights on any topic I like 
good for you . I know many people just leave their blogs alone after the first few months 
I made a reservation three days ago.My name is George Smith 
Just a moment , please.Yes , I can let you have Room 560 with a view of the sea 
That's very kind of you 
How much for these autographed Elvis records 
Thirty bucks a record . Or five for one hundred and twenty bucks 
Uh , I'm not sure . Are these all in good condition 
Absolutely . I bought them from the King's estate myself ! Tell you what-I'll let you have five for one hundred bucks 
I don't really need five 
OK . Five for eighty-five bucks . That's my final offer 
Oh , why not ? I'll take ' em 
Excuse me . I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London . Can I change my ticket now 
Please Show your ticket and passport 
Here you are 
Which flight do you want to change 
The next one to my destination . I have to be there as soon as possible 
Is this taxi taken 
No , sir . Where to 
Please take me to this address 
OK . Please step in . I know where it is 
Hey , did you hear the news 
No , what's up 
Miss Yang is dating the manager who's married 
You're joking 
No joke ! That's why she hasn't married yet 
Our national economy is increasing hand over fist 
That ’ s really a good phenomenon to see 
I hope it ’ ll continue for a long time 
Excuse me , Miss 
What can I do for you 
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed 
What's your flight number 
Flight CA216 to Chengdu 
Yes , it's true . It has been delayed 
Could you please tell me why 
Yes , of course . The delay is due to heavy rain 
How long will the delay be ? Do you have any further information about it 
I am sorry , we don't know the extent of the delay at present . But according to the latest weather forecast , there will be a change in weather soon 
We have to wait . Well , is it possible for the rain to stop before noon 
It's hard to say . Weather is so changeable in the summer . Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight 
Yes , I will . Thanks a lot . Bye 
Bye
What's wrong with you 
I have got a run . Can you tell me where is the restroom 
It's just around the comer.Would you need some pills 
No , thank you . I have brought some 
Do you have any special interests besides your job 
My chief interest is swimming and climbing with my friends 
What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy 
I think that the most important thing is you can ’ t live all by himself . It takes a lot of people working and cooperating together . The more really close friends I have , the better 
There is a reason in what you say 
What can I do for you , Madam 
I'd like to buy a pair of leather shoes 
What size do you take 
Size 38 or 39 
How about this pair ? They're well-made 
But they are a little tight , They Pinch 
In fact , They'll stretch a bit later 
I know.But can you show me a little larger size 
All right.Here you are 
This pair fits me perfectly . I feel comfortable 
What game do you like 
I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts 
I ’ Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ’ Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated 
It ’ s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn 
I like playing cards . I ’ m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards 
I ’ m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ’ d lose all my money 
Do you play bridge 
Yes , I do . It ’ s hard to find four players though , so I don ’ t play very often . Do you know anyone who plays ? If so , we could set up a game 
I can play quite well . I have a friend who likes playing , but she ’ s not very good at it . Shall I invite her to play 
Sure , I have a friend who play fairly well . We should find out when our friends are free and arrange a game 
I ’ ll call my friend now . you call yours 
What are you doing 
What am I doing ? What am I doing ? Don ’ t you know what day it is 
Mumm . no 
It ’ s only the day when the world ’ s biggest sporting event is kicking off 
What 
The World Cup ! The first match is today ! It ’ s Mexico vs . South Africa ! It ’ s going to be a really good match ! Both teams have a very strong offense and have skilled players . I think that South Africa
I have no idea what you ’ re talking about . The only sporting event we watch at home is the Super Bowl 
This is bigger than the Super Bowl , man ! Teams from 32 countries compete against each other every four years and fight to win that trophy . They first start in a group stage with bigger groups , each g
Sounds interesting , but soccer doesn ’ t really appeal to me 
Are you kidding ? Over seven hundred million people watched the final match of the World Cup ! It ’ s a very exciting and nerve wracking sport ! Each nation is cheering on their team , hoping they will bec
All I know about soccer is that you can ’ t use your hands and that players are always falling down , trying to get a free kick or penalty kick . It seems like a sissy sport to me 
Whatever , I ’ m going to go watch the opening match 
Hey , Blake ! Are you still listening to Mozart 
Yes.Do you like it 
It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent 
Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it 
Is classical music your favorite 
Yes . What about you 
I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it 
Pop music doesn't have any depth for me 
Yeah , that's why I can enjoy myself in it 
Did you always like pop music 
I think so , since I was in primary school . How long have you been interested in classical music 
I didn't like it at all until I started to learn violin when I was eight . From then on . classical music has been an important part of my life 
oh , I didn't know you can play the violin . Do you still play 
Sometimes , but these days I'm often too busy 
Ben always appears rude to the people around him 
But he's really kind at heart 
That's true . We can not judge people by appearance 
Actually I have a passion for Chinese literature 
You do 
Yeah , those classics from the great writers 
But I find Japanese ones better 
I feel terrible , but I've just broken your ashtray 
It's nothing to get upset about 
I don't know what to say . I'd like to replace it 
No . It's out of the question 
Sorry to bother you , but do you have change for a one 
I'll have to look . What do you want it for 
I need it for the parking meter 
I can give you quarters , if that'll help 
The doctor sent me over here to have my blood drawn 
Certainly , please have a seat and roll up your left sleeve 
What is this test for 
Well , today your doctor wants us to check your white blood cell count 
What does that tell him 
Well , if it is elevated , you might have an infection 
Will the blood test hurt 
It is only a little pin stick . I am going to put a tourniquet on your arm to puff your veins up 
Ouch 
There we go ! I got the blood that I needed 
Good morning . I need to speak with the property manager , please 
Good morning . You are speaking to the property manager 
While it was raining last night , water started leaking in from the ceiling 
Was it leaking in the bedroom 
It was in the living room 
Can you tell me which floor you are on 
We are on the bottom floor 
I would like to look at the leak . Will you be home this morning 
Yes , someone will be here to let you in 
Just in case you have to leave , we will just use the master key 
Sorry to interrupt . Can I have a word with you 
Certainly.Go ahead 
I want to have a continental breakfast 
Here is the coffee , toast and bacon . Do you like fried eggs or poached ones 
Neither , can I have them scrambled 
Of course . They will be ready in a few minutes 
Thanks for your hospitality 
You're welcome 
Do you need any help 
En , I am looking for the shop . Can you tell me where it is 
Walk along the way and then turn left , It's right there 
Thank you . Do I have to pay duty if I want to buy something 
No , you don't have to . It's a duty-free shop 
Thank you so much 
Johnny , are you just sitting around again 
I'm just taking a break between washing the windows and cleaning the toilet 
I'd say all you've done is moved the dirt from the windows on to your face and hands . Disgraceful 
I'm doing my best , Grandma ..
Your best isn't good enough . Back in my day , I'd clean a whole hospital with a toothbrush and spit , and it'd be twice as clean as this sty 
Uh-oh , here we go ..
Hey , if you're not busy this weekend , would you like to go see a movie 
Sounds good . What should we see 
How about that European movie 
You mean the one starring John Travolta 
Yeah , that's the one I've heard the special effects and the plot are outstanding 
Sounds like an interesting film . Let's meet at five o'clock on Saturday 
Okay , see you then 
This is exciting ! Thank you so much 
My pleasure . Release the parking brake , and we're almost ready to go 
Boy oh , boy ! This is so cool . Let's rock and roll 
OK . Relax . This car is an automatic , so you don't have to worry about a clutch 
Which one of these is the gas pedal 
What's wrong with the photocopier 
The toner has run out and there's none in the stationery cupboard 
I need to make six copies of this report for the Board Meeting tomorrow . Ring Office Supplies and ask if they have any in stock . If they can't deliver this afternoon , I'll go and collect it 
Hi , Ann . I was wondering if you are free tomorrow night 
Well , George . I guess I am . Why do you ask 
I've just gotten a pair of pre-sale Star Wars movie tickets from a friend and was thinking of inviting you along for the opening premiere . Are you interested 
Yeah , definitely ! Thanks for inviting me 
My pleasure 
I really wanted to watch the Star Wars on the opening day , but the pre-sale tickets were sold out . How did you manage to get hold of them 
A friend of mine works at the corporate headquarters of Pepsi , which is a major sponsor of the movie . He was able to get the tickets for free , and then he sold two more for me for 50 dollars a piece 
You paid 50 dollars for each ticket ? That's a huge premium over the regular price 
Not really . Considering the fact that other people were willing to pay as much as 200 dollars each on the black market . Besides , I knew you were really looking forward to watching Star Wars on the opening day 
Wow ! I am really honored you went through all this trouble just for my sake . I really appreciate that . So , what time are we going 
Well , let's see . The movie stars at 10 . We should be there at least 1 hour earlier , because there is a big line . I could pick you up at your house at 8 , if that's ok with you 
8 pm , that's fine with me 
Okay 
So I'll see you tomorrow then at 8 
Yeah , that's great . I'll see you tomorrow night 
Ok , George . Bye 
Bye , Ann 
Good evening . Welcome to our program 
Thank you . Good evening , Mr.Dean 
Would you tell us your name , please 
I'm Helen Baker 
Glad to meet you , Ms.Baker 
Glad to meet you , too 
Where are you from , Ms.Baker 
I'm from New Zealand 
What do you do for a living 
I'm a teacher 
Thank you for coming , Ms.baker 
I ’ m sure that the boy will become nobody when he grows up 
Be careful of what you say , or you ’ ll have to eat humble pie 
Eat humble pie ? Impossible , I ’ Ve never been wrong in judging boys like him 
Hello , Mr . Smith , I am returning to Shanghai by the 10:00 plane . I am calling to thank you for all your help during my stay here 
Don't mention it . It's been my pleasure 
Next time you are in Shanghai , please let me know , and let me be of some assistance to you 
OK . I will 
Have a nice flight back , and take care . Thanks for your call 
Honey , the house is such a mess ! I need you to help me tidy up a bit . My boss and her husband are coming over for dinner and the house needs to be spotless 
I ’ m in the middle of something right now . I ’ ll be there in a second 
This can ’ t wait ! I need your help now 
Alright , alright . I ’ m coming 
Ok , here ’ s a list of chores we need to get done . I'll do the dishes and get all the groceries for tonight.You can sweep and mop the floors . Oh , and the furniture needs to be dusted 
You know what , I have to pick something up at the mall , so why don ’ t you clean the floors and I'll go to the supermarket and get all the groceries 
Sure that ’ s fine . Here is the list of all the things you need to get . Don't forget anything ! And can you pick up a bottle of wine on your way home 
Hey , honey I ’ m back . Wow , the house looks really good 
Great ! Can you set the table 
Just a sec I ’ m just gonna vacuum this rug real fast 
Wait ! Don ’ t turn it on ..
I have a taste for something sweet 
What are you thinking 
I want some kind of dessert 
Well , what kind of dessert do you want 
I was thinking about ordering some kind of pie 
Do you know what kind you want 
I honestly don't know 
Did you want to know my favorite kind of pie 
What's your favorite kind 
My absolutely favorite kind of pie is apple 
That sounds really good to me right now 
I'm happy to help 
Here's the restaurant we're meeting the Smiths at 
Let's go in to wait for them 
After you 
It's quit a big cafeteria , isn't it 
Sure . I usually have my lunch here . The food is tasty and they offer a big variety 
Let's line up . The steak is very inviting . I'll have it 
I'll have ham and egg with French fries . What dessert do you want 
Banana pie 
Where shall we sit 
How about there 
Mmmm ... This apartment seems a little expensive . Do you have any cheap studios 
Actually , the one-bedroom is the only vacant apartment right now 
Do you think any studios will open up soon 
No , not for a few months 
Mrs . Reynolds ? This is Martin Gross calling 
Hi , Martin . What can I do for you 
Well , I ’ Ve got the spread sheets you asked for , but I ’ m still waiting on some data from accounting 
That ’ s all right . Bring me over what you ’ Ve got 
More and more women don ’ t want to stay at home and keep house now 
This is the result of women ’ s liberation 
Now , many people think that women ’ s liberation is a kind of civilization , but children are getting less love from their mother because of that . What is your opinion 
I have no idea 
Hi . This is the Customer Service . How can I help you 
Hi . I bought one of your vacuums from spend-wart . It ’ s broken now 
Is it under warranty 
I think so . I bought it four months ago 
Yes , it is still covered by our warranty . Tell me the mode number of your vacuum , please 
Okay . The model number is 6594 - c 
What ’ s your address , your name and your phone number 
906 Ottawa street . My name is David Yang . My phone number is 713-786-0234 
Okay . There are two Customer Service Offices in your area . The nearest one is Chadwick and Hacks Appliances 
Could you tell me where the office is located 
Sure . 878 Fennel South 
Oh , I know that place . It ’ s only two minutes drive 
You have to call the office first 
All right . Thank you very much for your help 
My pleasure 
Taylor , you're sweating up a storm 
Your boyfriend , Bryan , wanted to toss the football . I think he wore me out 
Yeah , you look a little shaky . And pale . You seriously need some time in the sun 
You're like the tenth person to say that 
We're just worried about you , Taylor 
Whatever . I wish people would just leave me alone 
Do you think I should ask Bob to help ? Will he come 
No problem . You know him . He ’ s the kind of guy that ’ s always willing to go the extra miles 
That ’ s right . But I have bothered him several times 
I bet he will come 
We must set 1000 dollars aside each month 
Why 
We are going to buy our own house 
Really ? Congratulations 
Would you allow me to drive your car 
No problem , but you've got to be careful 
Surely I will 
Here's the key then 
Oh , no . We ’ re going to be late for the meeting 
No . We ’ ll get a cab . It ’ s faster than taking the bus or the subway 
Oh , good 
How much will it cost 
Well , cabs are more expensive than the bus or the subway . It ’ ll probably cost around six dollars 
Taxi ! ! 
I can ’ t find the business card . Do you know the address 
Yeah . I met with them back in March , remember 
Right 
Driver , 1600 Pennsylvania Ave . , please 
Is that you , Bob 
Sorry , he ’ s on another phone . Will you hold 
Oh I ’ m sorry . I think I ’ ll call later . Thank you 
That'll be eight dollars , please 
Here's ten . Keep the change 
I'll help you , Lucy . Look at what I've got here . In this small bottle , there's a magic love potion 
A magic love potion 
Yes . If you put a few drops on someone's eyelids while he's asleep , he'll fall in love with the first person he sees when he wakes up 
It can't be true 
Take my word for it 
So what am I going to do 
Just come to our house and stay over . You'll sit by his bed and greet him like a beautiful red rose , ' Good morning ! 
That sounds like a blue rose ! My sitting by his bed 
Don't be so shy , Lucy 
Hi , have you got the exact number of people who are going take part in this activity 
Yes , there are 62 in totals , and 2 of them still can't be sure 
They always push the time . How many of them are over fifty 
6 . So we should give them special attention . Some of them don't have a good health 
OK , I see . As far as you think , how many buses should we get for them 
2 should be enough , for each one has at least 30 seats . There will be some seats to spare 
I'll call the bus charter later . And have you announced the itinerary of this journey to all of them 
Yes , most of them think it's good . But , some people have different opinions . They consider we should arrange some challenging activities 
That's possible . At that time , they can choose any activity they like 
That's good . I'll tell them later . And what kind of medicine we should be prepared 
Let me think ! Pills for carsick , traditional medicine for cold , some painkillers and something like that 
OK , we should get them ready this afternoon 
One more thing , have you got all people's phone numbers 
Oh , God . I've almost forgotten . I'll get it done right away 
DO you have any plan for your future 
I'd prefer to go abroad , if possible 
Many people are striving for going abroad nowadays.It seems to be a trend 
I'm one of them 
Tom set the whole country by the ears with his discovery 
He is really terrific 
He was very clever when he was a boy 
What can I do for you today 
I need to buy a new refrigerator today 
Were you looking at a particular refrigerator 
I like that Kenmore refrigerator 
This particular refrigerator is a very good choice 
Tell me about it 
Not only is it affordable , but it comes with all the appliances 
What are the appliances 
It has an ice maker , water dispenser , and plenty of room on the inside 
I'd like to see it for myself 
Go right ahead 
I like what I see 
Sorry , I overslept . My clock didn't go off this morning 
Again 
That's right , even though I did set the alarm last night 
Your clock never works . Perhaps you should buy a new one 
Well , if it breaks down again tomorrow , I'll definitely buy a new one 
Is Water Shrinking Festival official 
No , most of the traditional festivals of the minority nationalities are not official 
Don't you think these festivals are more interesting 
What an idea 
We are doing Secret Santa at the office again this year 
Whose name did you pick 
I got Jacob . Any ideas what to get him 
Booze 
Yeah , you ’ re right . Can ’ t go wrong with that 
Hello , this is IBA Bank . Maria speaking , how may I help 
Hi , I'm looking into your loans and I'm a little confused about the interest rates . Could you give me some advice 
Not a problem . Which loan was it you were interested in ? Sorry , I must ask , because the interest rates can depend on the type of loan you apply for 
I understand . I'm interested in the Petty Consumer Loan 
One of our most popular ! The usual interest rate is fixed by the PBC . That is The People's Bank of China . But of course , with some loans , credit rating and loan amount come into play , too 
So , the rate could fluctuate a little , depending on the amount given by the PBC 
That is correct 
I'm going to have to do some more research into this . Thanks for your help , bye for now 
I want to start a tradition of family vacations with our family right now before we have kids 
You want to make sure it's good solid habit before anything else takes its place , like work 
Yes , so this year we are going to take our first family vacation , just you and I 
And where are we going to go 
I don't know yet 
Are we going all out or just starting with a mini family vacation 
I want to go all out if we can afford it 
Well , I was looking in this magazine the other day and cruises are not very expensive at all . Take a look at this 
What are you doing here today 
I would like to fight my ticket 
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today 
Yes , the officer is here today 
What's your case 
I was pulled over for running a red light , but I never did 
Do you believe that the officer lied 
There was a camera on the signal . So , he was obviously lying 
Your license plate was caught on camera 
A picture of my license plate was never taken 
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record , I'm going to let you go 
Thank you . I'm glad that you believe me 
How many pieces of luggage would you like to check in , sir 
Three bags and a suitcase . This is my luggage to check 
Do you have any carry-on luggage 
No 
Put your luggage on the scale , please . Oh , your luggage is overweight 
How much is the excess baggage part charge 
Twenty-two dollars
Here you are 
This is your voucher , and you can get your luggage back on this . Have a good trip 
Thank you 
We'd like to welcome everyone to the Michelson Tools factory site , and thank everyone for being here today . My name is Paul Shafer , I'll be showing you around today . Please feel free to ask questions at any point during our tour , I'll be happy to answer questions for you 
Is it really necessary to wear all this protective gear 
That's an excellent question . I'll bet your wondering why we ask you to wear hard hats and safety googles while you's in the plant . The reason is simple , we care about your safety and we want to ensure there are no injuries today . As you will see , to maintain a high level of safety , we also require all of our staff to wear similar protective gear 
How long will the tour take 
It should take about twenty minutes to go through the main plant , and maybe another ten to take a look at the laboratory . All together our tour should last about half an hour 
Okay ..
Well , if you don't have any questions , shall we get started ? If you'll follow me , first I'll take you to the site of our semi-conductor system ..
Now that we know what kind of music we will play , we have to decide what each of us will do 
Well , I love hip hop dancing , so I should probably dance . Do you know how to rap 
Oh yeah ! I'm a great rapper . And I know all the Vanilla Ice lyrics by heart 
Excellent . I'll start practicing my dance moves 
Personal Finance Department , Lucie speaking , how may I help 
Hello there . I need some advice about personal finance . Could you help me please 
That's no problem . What exactly would you like to know 
Well , I've been very busy recently and I'm having trouble keeping up to date with everything , so I just wondered what exact service you offer 
We have a wonderful new service which provides a wide range of banking services , 24/7 , wherever you are 
That sounds perfect and just what I'm looking for 
And the cover is great ! The colors are brilliant 
Give me a break . You don't care about the colors . You just like the hot babe on the cover 
OK , you got me . So , do you have a subscription 
Of course . I'm currently the subscriber of 10 different fashion magazines 
So what do you do with all the out-dated issues 
I guess I'm lending them to you ..
I can't believe how hot it is 
It's not even noon yet 
That means it will get hotter 
I am dying from the heat 
Turn on the air conditioner 
It doesn't work 
What happened 
I don't know 
Did you call the repairman 
Of course 
When is he coming 
He's busy . He said next week 
What do you want to do in this company after five years 
I want to be in a higher managerial position in the field of international marketing . I ’ m very interested in the European market hopefully , in Brussels 
Why do you think so 
It ’ s truly exciting to work in newly emerging unified market . Brussels will be center of the new market in the continent 
What are you looking for in your next job 
My experience in my last job showed that I have the talent to motivate people . It could be seen from the low absentee rate in my team . I want to continue that kind of contribution and to further develop this potential 
What is your career objective 
I want to apply my knowledge and experience to a challenging position and finally move on to management level 
What do you consider important when looking for a job 
I think the most important thing is the nature of the job . One should never do anything one is not interested in . To me , pleasant working conditions with co-operative staff are also important 
What sport do you like the most 
I like baseball the best 
Me too . Did you play when you were a kid 
Yeah . I played until I graduated from high school 
What position did you play 
I think I tried every position , but the last few years , I played third base 
I hate third base . It's scary when the ball is coming at you so fast 
It was scary at first , but after awhile , I got used to it . If you have fast reflexes , then it's not really a problem . What position did you play 
I played outfield . I hated the infield because I never figured out all the bounces 
I wish I could play again , but there isn't much opportunities around here 
I'm on a softball league . It's not fast pitch , but it's still fun . You wanna join our group 
When do you guys play 
We play either Tuesdays or Thursdays 
Sounds pretty fun . I'll come out and join you next time 
Can you speak French 
Yes , I can , but not very well 
Can you understand your Spanish teacher 
More or less . How well do you understand Mr . Wang , your Chinese teacher 
About 40 percent , if he speaks slowly.When he speaks fast , I can only catch a word here and there . But Mr . Wang is an excellent Chinese teacher.With his help , my Chinese is getting better and better e
This is the menu . What would you like to have 
I don't know what to have . If you don't mind , I'll just leave the choice to you 
With pleasure , sir . May I suggest Steamed stuffed buns and deep-fried twisted dough sticks ? They are popular breakfast among Chinese people 
OK . Anything to drink 
Yes , sir . We usually serve soya-bean milk and jellied beancurd . Which one do you prefer , sir ? A
I'll try the soya-bean milk this time 
So , that's steamed stuffed buns and deep-fried twisted dough sticks , and a Soya-bean milk 
That's right 
Thank you , sir . Just a moment , please 
I would like to have a continental breakfast 
OK , here you are 
Well , could I have coffee instead of orange juice 
Of course , you can . Wait a moment 
I've never been to a restaurant like this before 
It's really different , isn't it 
That's a good word to describe it 
I hope you're hungry because the pizza here is huge as well as to die for 
I am hungry . I think I could eat a large by myself 
Well , let's order one for starters 
I'm in the mood for a Californian 
That happens to be my favorite . Waiter , I think we're ready to order 
I had a terrible journey back from Bangkok last week 
Really ? Why ? What happened 
Well , first of all , the taxi that was taking me from the client's office to the airport broke down on the freeway 
Oh , no 
Yes , and the driver didn't speak any English or Chinese and he didn't have a phone on him-can you believe it ? - and his radio didn't work . So there was no way he could get in touch with the office to get them to send another taxi 
So what did you do 
Well , I actually thumbed a lift 
You what 
Yes , I stood on the side of the freeway and stuck my thumb out , and a passing truck stopped and took me to the airport 
Wow , good for you 
Yes , except he drove really slowly , and I missed my flight 
Oh , no 
Yes , so I had to wait three hours for the next one . I didn't get home till four in the morning , and when I got home I realized I'd left my house keys in my hotel in Bangkok 
You really have bad luck , don't you 
Seems like it 
What do you think about the apartment so far 
It is beautiful 
You don ’ t have any problems with how it looks 
Actually , there is a problem 
Like what 
There are some stains that were left in the carpet 
Those stains will be cleaned out of the carpet before you move in 
Oh , is that right 
Yes . Now what other problems do you have 
That was the only problem that I saw 
Well , I ’ m glad that everything else is to your liking 
I honestly love it 
I think I found my Yankee's mug ..
Oh , great . Where was it 
It fell out of the garbage bag 
What was it doing there 
It was with all the other dishes from dinner 
You mean Johnny threw out all the dinnerware 
I think our son was trying to pull a fast one on us 
What do you think of doctor Thomson 
I feel confident of his ability to cure my daughter's disease 
How can you be so sure 
I can tell form the way he spoke to us 
Never believe his words 
Do you believe in god 
Not at all . I ’ m an agnostic . do you 
I ’ m not sure . Why don ’ t you believe there is a god 
I think everything has a scientific explanation rather than a theological one 
I basically believe in science over theology . I mean , I believe in evolution for example . However , there are many things that science hasn ’ t explained yet 
I ’ m sure that science will explain everything eventually . I think that the strangest thing about religion is that so many religions people act in ways that their religion claims are wrong 
For example 
Religions preach tolerance , but many wars are caused by intolerant religious fanatics 
Yes . Such people don ’ t appear to be acting in accordance with their religious beliefs 
Do you have any questions before you commit yourself to this 
Actually , yes I do . I was wondering about the subscription fee . And how much will you charge me during the time of redeeming this new fund 
The subscription fee is charged at a rate of 1.2 % . But for redeeming , a rate of a usual 0.5 % , we shall charge you 1.6 % if you apply to buy it after the fund-raising period 
So , it's going to cost me then 
I'm afraid so , yes . There is always some risk on the buyer's part 
Sarah , you don't look so good . What's the matter 
I've got a really bad headache and my stomach hurts 
It sounds like you're coming down with something 
Honey , could you help me operate the VD player ? It can't play 
Oh , are the connections correct 
I think so 
Let me see . Look ! You confused the video frequency with the audio frequency 
I'm too careless 
Can it work now 
No 
So what's the problem ? Maybe there is something wrong with the disk 
It's a new disk 
Give it to me 
Here you are 
Uh , the movie of Tom Hanks . I know why it can't play . This is a DVD disk 
What's your favorite season 
I like the freedom of summer with no school 
Yeah , and all those fun summer sports and activities 
And I like the festivities of winter with Thanksgiving , Christmas and New Year 
Oh , me too ! All the family getting together ..
And I really like the smells and colors of spring 
I like the feeling then that school is almost over 
But I must say , if it were only for the weather , I like autumn most 
Hey Julie , you want to go grab something to eat 
Sure ! What do you feel like having 
I really feel like having a big juicy steak 
Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right 
I didn't know you were a vegetarian 
I'm not , I am a vegan 
A what 
A vegan . I don't eat or use any animal based products . I don't wear leather , eat eggs , drink milk or anything that comes from an animal . I used to be a pescatarian before , which basically means you don't eat meat , but still have fish and seafood 
Wow ! That's interesting ! It must be tough 
It's a bit difficult to find vegetarian friendly restaurants sometimes , but since more and more people are vegetarians or vegans nowadays , it's getting a bit less difficult 
What's up 
Nothing , how about you 
Next Saturday , I'm going to have a party 
Oh , really 
You are coming 
Probably not 
Why is that 
I don't feel like going 
Why not 
I really can't stand going to parties 
I understand , I guess 
Sorry about that 
We have mild wines and strong liquors . Which kind do you prefer 
I've no idea . I'd like to listen to your suggestion 
It's my pleasure . Actually , it's really hard to say as individual tastes are different . As for myself , I'd like to recommend gin and tonic 
Well , I'll try gin and tonic 
Hi Barbara . Have you lost weight 
Hi Julie . Yeah . I've been on a diet for a couple of months now 
Wow . You look great 
Thanks for noticing 
What type of diet were you on 
I joined a health club and my trainer gave me tips on eating . With a combination of eating better and exercising , I managed to lose 15 pounds in 2 months 
That's amazing . What tips did your trainer give you 
Mostly on how to exercise , but the best advice I got was changing my eating habits . Instead of eating 3 times a day , she told me to eat 5 times a day 
That doesn't make sense . If you eat more , than how do you lose weight 
Actually , I'm eating the same amount . I eat 5 smaller meals a day . Basically , it naturally speeds up the metabolism and helps to burn fat at a faster rate 
That makes sense . I'm going to try that 
You don't need to lose weight 
I have a little gut I have been trying to get rid of 
Ah ... but remember to incorporate a little exercise into your diet 
Thanks for the advice 
No problem 
How often does the bus run 
Every five minutes 
Oh , here comes a bus 
It comes on the dot 
What do you think are the main causes of war today 
I ’ d say the main reason is poverty . Countries and their people get frustrated because they have so little . If their neighbors have some resources , they try to steal them by military force 
It seems that a lot of wars nowadays are really civil wars . People from different ethnic groups in the same country sometimes fight for power in that country 
several of those civil wars have been going on for years and years . It seems they will never end 
How do you think they could be ended 
I don ’ t think that there is any easy way . The united nations could send peacekeepers into the country . At least then the warring parties could be forced to negotiate . The thing is to find the real pro
So , if the cause is poverty , there should be a programme to make the country richer . If the problem is resources , share them 
It sounds easy when you say it like that . In reality , it ’ s harder to make peace between countries 
Yes . It is . One way to stop countries fighting is to cut off their financial support . Wars are very expensive 
The problem is that many poor people might suffer 
Wow ! What happened to you ? You look sad 
I just lost my job . My boss just told me 
That's unbelievable . Why did this happen 
I don't understand of myself . It seems they have to save money 
I cant't believe it . You've worked here for years 
Excuse me , Miss . The total works wrong . What are these extra charges 
There's a 20 percent service charge in this hotel 
Well . What's this 138 dollars charge then 
That's for the hotel restaurant . You had five meals here 
Oh , right . I forgot about that . Sorry , I'll pay cash 
Ann ! Don ’ t you see the children are making so much noise here ? Why don ’ t you keep them occupied and out their mother ’ s hair 
OK ! What about taking them outside and flying a kite 
Good idea ! Well , Joan , I have something important to tell you 
Why do you want to go to the U . S . 
I want to enrich my knowledge in management . The United States is an ideal place for me 
What will you do when you come home 
Before I work in the office , I was a teacher . So if possible , I'd like to come back to some school to pass on my new knowledge to more people 
Do you feel your English is good enough for the course 
Yes . You know , English is my present working language . Besides , I scored very high in TOEFL 
Who will be your supporter during your stay in the States 
I will support myself . In recent years , I have saved enough money for my study in the U . S 
How long do you expect to stay there 
I will be there for three years 
I can ’ t believe it 
What ’ s wrong ? That was a great goal 
Yes , but I bet $ 200 dollars on the Cougars 
Looks like you ’ re going to lose out on this game then 
I can ’ t believe it ! I thought the Cougars were going to win for sure 
What were the odds 
20 to 1 , in favour of the Cougars 
Too bad 
Joseph , who is that woman 
That's Susan 
What does she do for work 
She's a lawyer 
Is she American 
No , but she speaks English fluently 
She's really tall . Do you know her 
Yes , I know her . We're friends 
Who's that man standing next to her 
Which man 
That short guy on her right . What's his name 
Oh , that's Matt 
He's really good looking 
Yeah 
Do you know him 
I don't know him , but I think my sister does 
Is he married 
Yes , he's married 
I remember now . I met him before 
Do you mind if I ask you a question 
No , not at all . Go ahead 
What do you do in order to improve your English 
I go to movies ; I go to lectures ; I listen to the radio ; I do lots of things . Most importantly , I practice every chance I get 
It ’ s a good idea to have a radio , isn ’ t it 
Sure . It ’ s like understanding on the telephone — — you can ’ t see the speaker ! It ’ s great for improving listening comprehension 
It takes a long time to learn a language , doesn ’ t it 
It certainly does . But if you practice speaking every spare minute and learn useful sentences every day you can make big progress 
Hello . What can I do for you 
Hello . I'm here to get my salary 
I see . Do you have your Current All-in-one Passbook with you ? I'll need your password for this transaction 
No problem 
And how much of your salary would you like 
I think just 3,000 RIB will be enough 
Help me sort out my problem , will you 
OK , but I think you should keep an eye on your plan if you see what I mean 
I know it ’ s so costly , but ..
No buts . The thing is to cut down your expense , Judie 
Excuse me , I wonder if you can help me 
Sure . What's up 
I'm completely lost . I'm looking for the Empire State Building 
Oh , this's easy . You can take the subway to 34 street . You'll see it as you get out 
Great . Thanks a lot 
What are you studying all day long for ? It ’ s summer vacation 
I know ! I hate it ! But I ’ m taking this crash course in math 
Why 
I have to take my exams for getting into the university , so I need to prepare 
Do you think it will help 
It has to ! I ’ Ve been studying every day , eight hours a day ! I don ’ t know , but the school has a great success record 
Hmm ... Maybe I should sign up too 
I ’ ll pick up an application form for you at school tomorrow 
Can I help you 
I'm looking for books on WTO.Could you show me where they are 
Come this way please.We ' Ve got plenty of them and they're all on the shelf near the cashier's desk 
Thanks a lot 
You're welcome 
Sally , you look so corporate ! What interview do you have today 
Amalgamated Trading Company . It's Swiss . Don't you think working at a foreign company would be glamorous 
Yeah , I guess so . I've never actually heard of this one , but ..
Well , it's small , but it's a young , dynamic , rapidly-growing company with a progressive , humanistic philosophy 
You didn't read their brochure or anything , did you 
Four times . I'm totally prepared . Oh , no ! I forgot to take off my nail polish ! And I have to be there in 15 minutes ! That's it . I blew it 
Well , they are progressive and humanistic-maybe they don't care about nail polish ... uh ... even blue nail polish . Just keep your confidence up and you'll do great 
But the competition is fierce this year ... and it seems like I'm the only one left who hasn't found a job 
Not quite the only one . I really wanted that job at the magazine , but I still haven't heard from them 
Hi , is this Professor Clark ’ s office 
This is Professor Clark speaking 
Hi , this is Kalina from your morning literature class 
Yes , what can I do for you 
I had a skydiving accident over the weekend and won ’ t be able to come to school today 
My goodness ! Are you OK 
I broke my leg , but it is healing 
How long will you be out of class 
I should be able to return by next Monday 
Fine . Well , thanks for calling and letting me know you will be absent . I hope you feel better soon 
My mother bought me a new video game 
What's it like 
Well , the hero is a Super Warrior . He has to fight the bad guys to find the treasure 
Who are the bad guys 
There are a lot ! Two really bad ones are Giant Monster and Human Spider 
Wow ! Where's the treasure 
It's in a dungeon , under a castle 
How do you find it 
It's not easy to find . Anyway , you can come to my home after school today and try 
Great 
What would you like to eat tonight 
I'm not sure , what about you 
Do you think Kentucky fried chicken is good 
Sure sounds good to me 
Jack , what's wrong 
You 
What are you talking about ? What did I do 
You told Martha that I was on a date ? What was that all about 
No ... that's not what I meant . I didn't mean that . She asked me where you were and I jokingly said that you were on a date with Sara . I thought Martha knew that you and Sara were just friends 
She started feeling suspicious after you said that 
I'm sorry man . I didn't know . I didn't mean to screw anything up 
Martha gets jealous easily and it took a while to convince her that Sara was just a friend . Now , I have to explain to Sara that I can't hang around her because of you 
Look . I really didn't mean to , and next time I see Martha , I'll really tell her that you and Sara are really just friends 
Don't bother 
Could you have a taxi pick me up and take me to the airport before 1 p . m . 
What's your address , sir 
I live at 323 Park Street 
Ok , someone will be there by 12:15 
What are your rates 
It's 2 dollars initially and 35 cents for each quarter mile 
I have four very large suitcases . Will those fit in the taxi 
No , I'll send a larger vehicle to pick you up 
Well , that was an interesting documentary 
For sure ! I didn ’ t really understand some of the technical jargon they used in the film when they talked about social security in the US 
Like what 
Well , they mentioned how people put away money in something called a 401K 
Yeah , I know it sounds weird , but a 401k is a type of retirement plan that allows employees to save and invest for their own retirement . Through a you can authorize your employer to deduct a certain amount of money from your paycheck and invest it in the plan . Everyone tries to contribute as much as possible so that when you retire , you can rest peacefully on your nest egg 
That ’ s interesting and logical I guess . In my country , we also have to contribute to a government-run retirement fund , but most people don ’ t really trust it so they just invest in properties or things like that 
That seems a bit unstable don ’ t you think 
Yeah , but corrupt governments in the past have created distrust among banks and financial institutions , so now people prefer to have money hidden in a jar or a piggy bank 
I ’ Ve been thinking of doing that lately ! I don ’ t want some banker to run off with my money 
Who are those guys 
Kobi Bryant and Shaquille O ’ Neal , they are the Los Angeles Lakers ’ star players 
Oh 
Wait a second . He shoots , he scores 
All right 
Here comes Jordan , though 
Wow , Michael Jordan ’ s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch 
Yeah . He ’ s older , so he doesn ’ t slam , as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it ’ s still amazing 
Which team do you think will win 
The Lakers . Jordan is the only good player Washington has 
Hey , Mike . You've been surfing the Net for quite a while . What on earth are you searching for 
It's something relative hackers . I often hear people talking about them , but I don't know much about them 
Well , roughly speaking , a hacker is a computer buff 
You mean a guy using enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the computer 
You can say that 
But why are people always having such a negative attitude towards them 
They must have mixed hackers with crackers 
What is crackers then 
There is another group of people who loudly call themselves hackers , but they aren't . They break into computers and break the phone system . Real hackers call these people crackers , and want nothing to do with them 
So they are two totally different concepts 
Well , the real hackers mostly think crackers are lazy , irresponsible and not very bright , and feel that being able to break security does make you a hacker any more than being able to start cars without keys makes you an automotive engineer . Unfortunately , many journalists and writers have been fooled into using the word hacker to describe crackers . This irritates real hackers to no end 
I see . Then the basic different is , hackers build things , crackers break them 
You got it 
Thanks a lot 
You are welcome 
Can I give you a hand 
Thanks 
This broth is wonderful . What's in it 
Lamb and beef . It will get even tastier when we add the veggies 
Hey ! Watch out ! You're using the same spoon for both broths 
So 
You're getting that hot stuff in my mild broth 
You'll be OK . It's just a little bit ..
Hello , I ’ d like to speak to Kate 
I ’ m sorry she is not in at the moment . Can I take a message 
It ’ s ok . I ’ ll call her back latter . Thank you 
You ’ re welcome 
I am calling to find out why I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week 
Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period 
I think I forgot to send it in 
You need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid 
Can I send it in now 
You should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due . If it hasn ’ t been , we will still accept it 
Can I mail it in early next time so it isn ’ t late 
Actually , you cannot mail it in early , as it needs to reflect all of the information up to the due date 
Will my paycheck come right away now 
Your check will arrive a little late 
What ’ s happened ? Is there a problem 
I think the gears have seized up
You'll have to dismantle the unit and lubricate the bearings . Do it as quickly as you can but make sure you top up the oil before you start the motor up again 
I am sorry to trouble you again , Mr.Stone 
It's ok . What do you want to ask 
Where should I go after I arrived at the university 
The first place you should go is the International Center 
Why 
You can get help there in dealing with the United States Immigration and Naturalization Service ; you can find Foreign Student Advisers 
What kind of role do foreign student advisers play 
They'll discuss personal concerns , housing , adjustment , finances and other matters with you 
Can we get any more help at the International Center 
Yes , a lot more . If you go there just before the beginning of the fall's semester , you can get your student ID and social security number there . They will keep your documents up-to-date . They will offer an orientation program for new comers . They will also help you contact your department and registration office 
I see . It must be worth going to 
Besides these , the center staff also works with community organizations which provide tours , home hospitality , speaking engagements and assistance for wives of foreign students . In cooperation with nationality clubs , student associations and other organizations , the International Center provides a varied program of cultural and social events throughout the year 
Wonderful . It is a home for foreign students 
It sure is . They also serve tea , coffee and refreshments . The Center staff members are also friendly and helpful . Everyone loves them 
Thank you for organizing this great baby shower for me ! I ’ Ve always been to baby showers but never actually had one held for me ! Let ’ s get started 
Ok , let ’ s start opening some presents 
Oh look ! What a great little bib for the baby ! This will definitely come in handy ! Oh wow , you also got me a stroller ! That ’ s so great ! Thank you 
This next one is from Betty 
A highchair and car seat ! Wow Betty , thank you so much ! I really appreciate it 
One more from Carla 
A playpen and crib ! Thanks Carla ! This is just what I needed 
OK , that ’ s all of them.No more gifts . Now who wants to guess when the baby is due 
Umm . I think my water just broke ! Get me to a hospital 
Good afternoon , how may I help you 
Hi , I'd like to order some flowers 
Who are they for 
They're for my Wife . Her name is Samantha 
What kind of flowers would you like 
I don't know . I don't know too much about flowers . Can you recommend something 
OK . What's the reason you are sending her flowers 
Today's her birthday and she told me she wants me to buy her flowers 
Do you know what kind of flowers she likes 
I'm not sure . I know I should know that , but I can't remember right now 
Well , they're for your wife , so I think you should give her roses 
Roses will be fine 
What color 
I think red would be nice 
Do you want to pick them up or should we deliver them 
Can you deliver them , please 
What's the address 
241 Main street 
Excuse me , are cameras allowed here 
Sorry , sir , in order to protect these paintings , taking photos are strictly forbidden here 
I see . What a pity . I have to appreciate it carefully 
I am really sorry for that 
My elder aunt feels like vomiting , she is pregnant 
She'd better drink plenty of hot water and lie in bed 
But she feels like having no appetite at all if she stays at home all day 
Don't worry . She will be all right 
The Great Wall is a great attraction for visitors 
It's a man-made wonder . I've seen it many times in textbooks and it's part of my dream to visit it 
Someone claimed it was one of the two man-made wonders that could be seen on the moon 
That's true 
Excuse me , sir.Is there anything I can do for you 
Yes , I think so . I have just checked out . But I left my book in the room . Can I get it back 
Is it this one 
Yes , thank you very much 
You are welcome . Looking forward to seeing you again 
Hi ! Do you want a fill-up 
Yes , please 
Which type of gas do you want ? Regular , Super , or Premium Unleaded 
What's the price difference 
Regular is $ 1.15 , Super is $ 1.25 and Premium is $ 1.39 
Just fill it up with Regular , Unleaded , please 
Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids 
Yes , I would . Thanks a lot 
Would you mind waiting a while 
Well , how long will it be 
I'm not sure . But I'll get a table ready as fast as I can 
OK . We'll wait 
Okay , here are the graphs and figures for this month's sales . Let's review them all together 
This first one , I have a question ... This graph is marking the sales performance for our line of hair products , right ? Can this line be right ? It looks like our sales plummeted . I can't believe we did that poorly ... If I remember correctly , sales went down slightly , but not as dramatically as the graph shows 
I think you are looking at the wrong line . The rapid drop in sales wasn't our hair products . You are correct , the hair product sales decreased slightly , but not dramatically . The one that didn't do so hot this month was the cleaning products . I think there was a problem in the marketing plan . Some people were offended by our advertisements for the cleaning products , but it was already too late to mitigate the damage , so our mistake shows up in the sales 
Well , the good news is the new industrial cleaning products really took off . Look how the sales have shot up over the last two weeks 
That is our one major success . If you look at the other graphs , you can see that most of the other product lines remained steady with little increase 
At lease they stayed the same . That's better than dropping 
Did you see the woman that just left my office 
Yes 
She's another applicant , and a leading contender , but I didn ’ t want to hire her . She ’ s qualified , but she doesn ’ t quite fit the profile . We ’ re looking for an accountant , and part of the job requires interacting with clients . Well , our clients want conservative people to handle their money . And green hair with ripped jeans doesn ’ t exactly fill them with trust 
But it's the style now 
I realize that , but our business is serving clients and giving them what they want 
Of course 
Well , they don ’ t want to deal with people who look like that . They want people who look more like yourself 
Why is that 
Well , they ’ re older , and they don ’ t understand today's fashions . When they see someone dressed like that , warning bells go off . They don ’ t like that style at all , and they don ’ t like dealing with people who dress like that at work 
Oh , I see 
We used to have a woman here who dressed like that and she was good , very good . But , the clients reacted very negatively when they saw her . Some asked that their account be given to someone who dressed more conservatively 
What happened to her 
Well , she was a very good employee and we wanted to keep her , so her supervisor called her in for a chat and laid it on the line for her . She got the idea and now she saves the trendy styles for evenings and weekends 
I see 
Good afternoon 
Can I help you 
Yes , we have a reservation for three nights.Mona White . I called last week 
One moment please , Ms White 
Yes , that was for two single rooms , wasn't it 
I've reserved rooms 402 and 403 for you 
Are they quiet rooms 
Well they are facing the street
but there's a lovely view 
We'd like quiet rooms thanks 
Of course
Mom ! ? ? 
I know , sweetie . Just open wide . Don't talk 
Mmm ..
Oh , you've got a fever . One-oh-one ... time to break out the children's Tylenol 
I have the chills . Can you turn on the heater 
We're not turning on the heater in May ! You need to take a bath . We'll heat you up and see if you can sweat this thing out 
Paul , is this Paul , isn't it 
Well , well , Mike.Fancy meeting you here 
Small world , isn't it 
Yes , I haven't seen you for four years.How time flies 
you're finally here ! What took so long 
I got stuck in traffic again . There was a terrible traffic jam near the Carrefour intersection 
it's always rather congested down there during rush hour . Maybe you should try to find a different route to get home 
I don't think it can be avoided , to be honest 
perhaps it would be better if you started taking public transport system to work 
I think it's something that I'll have to consider . The public transport system is pretty good 
it would be better for the environment , too 
I know . I feel bad about how much my car is adding to the pollution problem in this city 
taking the subway would be a lot less stressful than driving as well 
the only problem is that I'm going to really miss having the freedom that you have with a car 
well , when it's nicer outside , you can start biking to work . That will give you just as much freedom as your car usually provides 
that's true . I could certainly use the exercise 
so , are you going to quit driving to work then 
yes , it's not good for me or for the environment 
Hey Jack . What's going on 
Hey Matt . I'm going to ask Martha to marry me 
Really ? When did you decide this 
I always knew she was the one , but I decided to pop the big question about 2 weeks ago . I'm just debating on how to do it 
That's exciting , man 
So how did you propose 
You shouldn't use my example . It wasn't special . I kind of wish I made it more special but it's too late now 
What do you think I should do 
There are a lot of options . You can surprise her over dinner , or ask her in a public area , or if you have the balls , ask her father in front of her 
I never thought about that 
Thought about what 
Asking her father in front of her . How do you think she will react 
I don't know . You should know how she's going to react . She is your girlfriend 
I think that's the idea I was looking for . Thanks , man 
Don't mention it . Good luck . You're going to need it 
Excuse me , sir , but you have to put your bags here before entering the market 
Oh . I am sorry . I was busy looking for some whisky.Can you tell me the exactly place where I can find any 
Yes , it's on the third floor 
Who's the man that is kicking the boy 
He's the poor kid's father 
Does he often beat his son 
Yes , very 
Have you had enough time to look over the menu 
Yes , we are almost ready to order 
Let me remind you of the specials of the day , which are posted on the board 
Oh , that all sounds so good ! Can we get the sauce on the side 
Yes , we would be happy to prepare the food to meet your special needs 
I was wondering if you have any vegetarian choices 
Yes , the roasted vegetable salad is good , and the portabella mushroom burger is also a good choice 
I think that I would like to order the broccoli noodles , please 
That is an excellent choice , and I could bring you your salads now or bring them with your dinner 
Please bring our salads to us now . We are hungry 
Could you recommend something to drink 
Well , since you have order the roast chicken . I suggest you to order the red wine to go with the main course . It can help you digest the food 
We would also like some alcohol before the main dish 
I think whiskey will be a good choice 
Would you travel around the world if you had the money 
At the drop of a hat 
Can you put me through to Mr . Lining 
Yes , speaking . Can I help you 
I am calling to let you know that you are selected to fill the position of Project Manager 
I am happy to hear that and I'll accept that 
By the way , are you married 
No , I am single 
So how did you meet Bill 
I met him through a computer bulletin board 
Oh , really ? Which bulletin board 
It was one I used down at the local coffee house called the San Francisco Net . It's been around since around 1991 
I've heard about that , but I've never tried it 
You ought to . One dollar buys you 15 minutes of computer time . A Chat session links you with cappuccino sippers in other cafes and also to home computers on the network 
I have no desire to talk on a network with a bunch of strangers 
That's the whole point . All your inhibitions disappear because you can ’ t see the other person . This network allows you to talk to people whom you normally wouldn ’ t talk to 
I just want a private conversation with one other person 
You can do that . A private session lets two people talk alone . This techno-chat program lets you talk about anything with everybody , without prejudice because you can ’ t see them 
Well , maybe I'll tag along and watch how you talk 
That's fine with me , but we'll have to get there early . Because after 8 pm , there is always a long line 
It ’ s that popular 
It sure is 
Excuse me , but could I use your bathroom 
Certainly . It's right over there 
Thanks 
I'd like to open a one-year time deposit account and a checking account 
Okay , if you'll please fill out these forms ... ( She hands the forms to the customer . ) There's a minimum initial deposit of $ 100 for the checking account , and a minimum deposit of $ 500 for the savings account 
Okay , here are the forms . Can I use traveler's checks to open the account 
Certainly . Just make them out to National Bank , and sign and date them 
Okay , here you are 
Excuse me . What should I wear if I want to go to an interview 
You should wear a tie to go with your suit 
I am afraid I would tense up during the interview 
It doesn't matter . Just do your best to sell yourself 
You have been here for how long ? Four months now 
Yeah , about 
Do you know Chinese better now 
Oh , definitely . I remember , when I first arrived in Guangzhou , my girlfriend was haggling with a sales clerk over the price of a mobile phone 
Oh , yeah . Many Chinese like to bargain . It happens almost everywhere 
I mean , I understand that . But the speed of the conversation got faster and faster , until it seemed to me that they would fight . My perception of the tone was that it was a violent shouting match . The truth was that it was a perfectly normal conversation 
A shouting match ? You ’ re so funny . You must be exaggerating . I don ’ t believe it 
I am not exaggerating at all . I ’ m telling you the truth . That was how I felt at that time 
Yes , perhaps . Chinese usually don ’ t notice that sort of thing . Maybe it ’ s quite natural to us 
Yes , absolutely true 
George speaks Japanese better than Frank 
Yet in writing , George has nothing on Frank 
Therefore , I hope they could help each other and learn from each other 
It's Mrs Bardot , isn't it 
Yes , it is . But I'm afraid we haven't met before 
I'm Greg Wu , Head of Consultancy . I see that you'd like a credit check done for your company . Is that right 
Hello Greg . Yes , that's correct . You see , we have just acquired a new partner , the transaction is huge . It's to be signed next month , and we would really like to have some clearer information about them 
I see . So , it's not for your company , it's for the prospective partner 
That's right . I feel it's always better to go in with both eyes open , if you know what I mean 
I couldn't agree more . If you have the company details with you I can get on with that right away . Is there anything else that you need from us today 
The lady at the desk , Shelly I think , told me you offer many other consultancy services 
We do indeed . Such as making trade investments , financial consultancy , and of course the service you requested 
That's good to know . Thanks for your help today , I'll leave you with the details and you can get started 
I don ’ t think I can take another semester of this dorm food 
I know what you mean , it leaves a lot to be desired 
Sure , like taste , variety , nutritional value , what I should do is move into an apartment off campus where I can cook for myself 
Have you found anything yet 
You know how hard it is to find a decent place at this time of year 
You should be able to find something comfortable in town , though that would be kind of far from school 
I got a car , so the distance wouldn ’ t really be a problem 
But the parking might be 
You bet 
I've brought some potato chips . Would you like some , Jack 
Yes . I'd like to swap some of my peanuts for your chips 
That'll be fine . Thanks 
Do you have any ketchup 
I forgot to bring it , but maybe Mary has some . Let's go and ask her 
hello , do you remember me ? I bought some vases from you yesterday 
yes , you sent them to New York , right 
that's right . I thought I'd come back to buy some more souvenirs 
what did you in mind 
well , first , I'd like to buy a few postcards . My sister used to always send a postcard to herself whenever she went anywhere . I want to do that , too 
we have plenty of postcards to choose from here . The same designs can be found on these posters 
posters are difficult to travel with . I think I'll just buy the postcards . I heard that you might also have some of the masks that are made in Venice 
yes , we do . They're on the wall behind you 
how much do they cost 
the prices are clearly marked on the back of each mask . Would you like me to get one down for you to look at 
yes , I think I'd like the green mask in the middle 
here you go 
I'll take it , I'd also like to buy some chocolate 
are you looking for some homemade chocolate as a gift 
yes , it's my girlfriend's birthday today and she loves chocolate 
we've got plenty to choose from here 
they look delicious . I think she'll be pleased 
Mary is such a cautious girl 
What do you mean by cautious 
She never puts words into her mouth , she only repeats the opinions of others 
Thats a clever way to escape responsibility 
How many courses do you have for this semester 
Eight altogether 
How are they proportioned 
Six are compulsory , two optional 
Hi , still in the office ? It ’ s already 7 
I would like to go but I have to finish a very important presentation . Our boss needs it for tomorrow ’ s morning meeting and I was given the complete information only late this afternoon 
Sounds like our boss . Typically him always late with important information . Anything I can help 
Oh , that will be great . Thank you so much . Please help me to double-check the name list . I have to make sure they are all correct 
Ok , shall I make a coffee first 
Not for me . It is already late . I can not fall asleep after drinking coffee this late 
May I try on this dress 
By all means . (= Of course . 
Overseas operator , may I help you 
Yes . I would like to place a collect call 
Can you tell me the name and number of the person you want 
Terry and his number is 4562325 8 
Please wait a moment . It Will take a few seconds to get through 
Hi there . Do you need any help 
I've been told about something called Southern Fund . How can I buy it 
First of all , you should open a Fund Account with us , just fill in this form . We'll need to see some ID and your Cash Card 
That sounds simple enough . Do you charge any admin fees for that 
You'll have to pay 20 RIB , and then you will have your Southern Fund Management company card 
Do you need any other documentation from me 
Yes , we'll need to fill in this form , for fund trading and this one , for subscribing for and / or applying for purchasing fund units . The minimum is 500 RIB 
Oh , man . I had the best supper last night . My wife made a stir-fry and it was amazing 
I love stir fry crispy bitesize vegetables covered in a mixture of soy sauce and oyster sauce . Wilted greens and fresh bean sprouts . Throw in some onion and garlic and ginger ! Mmm ! Mmm ! It ’ s almost lunchtime . I would die for a plate of stir fry right now 
Well , you can keep the vegetables , I ’ ll take the meat . The stir fry my wife made was really hearty , with chunks of beef and slivers of bell peppers and onion ..
What ? You call that a stir fry ? More meat than vegetables ? That ’ s the worst insult you could throw at a Chinese stir fry . What a disgrace to the wok she fried it in ! What you had is equivalent to a fajita without the wrap 
We're in big trouble , Jason . Nick is beating us by a long shot 
Impossible ! Well , I'm not giving up yet . It's not over till the fat lady sings 
OK , comeback kid . Here's you last question.How many times did Robin Williams win the Oscar for Best Actor 
Hmm . Let's see ... there was Good Morning , Vietnam , Dead Poet's Society , The Fisher King ... Three , right 
Nope , sorry ! Actually , Robin Williams has never won an Oscar for Best Actor--only for Best Supporting Actor 
You have a nice apartment 
Thank you . My wife would be very happy to hear this 
She must have done a lot of work on it 
You bet 
Well , I ’ d like to have my coat to order.Will you take my measurements 
Certainly.How do you like to have it made 
Make it after the present fashion , please.What if it does not fit 
You may rest assured 
When can I expect to have it 
By the end of next week 
Ok then . See you next weekend 
morning , Mary ? It ’ s John Kramer calling . You remember you handled my tax forms for me 
Of course , Mr . Kramer . How are things going these days 
Better than ever ! You won ’ t have to worry about “ finding ” extra money for me anymore ! We made nearly a quarter of million in profit last year 
Congratulations ! I ’ m really glad to hear it ! That should make balancing the books a lot easier 
I hate to do this to you , Alice , but I ’ m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime 
Does it have to be this afternoon , Mr . Fairbanks ? I ’ Ve already made plans 
Well , I would have preferred to do it today , but if you ’ Ve already made plans , we can do it tomorrow 
I ’ d appreciate that , sir . How long do you think you ’ ll need me to stay 
What a busy week 
Really ! I've never seen so much work 
Right.How are you going to spend your weekend 
I don't know . I have no idea 
Would you like to play some tennis with me before going home 
I'm not good at sports , I have never played tennis , and I know I would be terrible 
You should try it.It ' s a great game . Come on , let me help you . I'm a good player , and a good teacher , too.What do you say 
OK , but don't say I didn't warn you 
That was a pretty good shot , Mary 
Thanks.This is fun 
Let me help you with your serve 
No one has ever tried to show me how to play a sport before.Maybe I should learn to do something 
Of course , you can.All you need is a little help and a lot of practice 
Do you really think I can be a good player 
Well , maybe not a Michael Zhang , but better than the average . Person would you like to play again Wednesday 
Yes . This has been fun 
You know John 
Which John ? Mr.Turnbow ’ s son 
Yes . I ’ Ve read news about him in today ’ s paper 
And he ’ s bright and intelligent . I ’ m sure he can pass the university entrance exam 
I wish he could too 
How ’ s your boy , Jack 
He ’ s a bit tired , you know . It often takes him a couple of hours to brush up 
Poor boys ! They work harder at school nowadays , don ’ t they 
Good luck to them 
Have you heard of the Love Bug 
Do you mean the ' I love you ' virus that attacks computers through e-mail 
Yes . It is one of the most harmful computer viruses in the world . People say it will break out again om Valentines ' Day this year 
This is terrible . Why do hackers play such a dirty trick 
Hackers are smart , and they want people to know about it 
So they create viruses to tell people they are smart ? That's really sick 
Very good . Now , I have a couple of final questions 
I hope they ’ re not too hard 
Well , why should we hire you 
I think that I would be a perfect fit in this company . I have a unique combination of strong technical acumen , and outstanding soft skills . you know , I excel at building strong , long-term customer relationships . For example , when I headed the customer support department in my previous company , our team solved about seventy percent of our customers ’ problems . I decided that we needed better information and technical preparation on our products , so after I implemented a series of training sessions in coordination with our technical department , we were able to solve ninety percent of our customers ’ issues . Given the opportunity , I could bring this kind of success to this company 
Impressive ! So , what would you consider to be your greatest weakness 
I struggle with organization and time management . Punctuality has never been a strength of mine . I find it hard to organize my time efficiently . I have actually addressed this weakness recently , by attending a workshop on efficient time management . It helped me a lot , by providing me with great insights on how to get organized and use my time efficiently , so I think I ’ m getting better now 
Great ... Well , let me tell you that I am very pleased with this interview . We are short-listing our candidates this week , and next week we will inform our short listed candidates of the day and time for a second interview with our CEO 
Great , thanks a lot ! I hope to hear from you ! Good bye 
When ’ re you getting married 
We planned our wedding for next May 
Why so late ? Didn ’ t she want to get married this October 
Yeah , I did . But my fiancee has an important project 
That ’ s really a shame . By the way , who will be the bridesmaid 
Julie ’ s friend , Mary . And John will be the best man 
Wow ! I ’ m very excited about your ceremony 
Where shall we go on vacation this summer 
Well , that depends . Tell me where you want to go 
Venice . I have great interests in the boats 
That's interesting to travel by boat to see the whole city that is between the sea and sky . But personally I like Greek better 
I like the country too . It's quite famous for its culture 
Get changed 
What for 
Repair service , how may I help you 
My phone has got lot of static 
How old is your phone 
About five years old 
The wire in your phone might have gotten rusty . Could you bring your phone into our office ? We'll clean it for you 
Sure , where is your office 
We're located at 132 West Street 
When are you available 
From 9A . M . to 5 P . M 
Alright , I'll bring it in this afternoon 
No problem . See you this afternoon 
Well , Jeff , that was a very productive meeting , I thought . You had some really great ideas in there 
Really ? Well , thanks for saying so 
No , I mean it . Look , are you hungry ? Shall we go get something to eat 
Sure . Why not 
OK , well , let me just get my coat and we'll go to the diner around the corner 
OK 
Are you busy tomorrow morning 
I'm free . What's up 
Someone has to pick up the boss at the airport 
Oh , I just remembered I've got a report to write 
Excuse me , could I have a menu please 
Here you are 
I want to try the local specialty . Can you recommend me some 
Sure . I think filet steak will be a good choice . It's the best local food 
Fine , bring us double 
Who is responsible for the accident ? Is it Tony ’ s fault 
No . I don ’ t suppose he ’ s to blame . The man in the other car made a big mistake 
You mean Tony is the victim ? No , I don ’ t think so . He ’ s equally responsible because he tried to overtake you 
Yeah . I think everyone should go easy on driving 
I think I'll get some new goggles 
Good idea . I'll get some , too 
We also need some sunscreen . What about beach towels 
Sure . We have to have something to lie on while we're catching some rays 
I think I'll get a hat , too 
No hat for me , but I'm getting this cool pair of shades 
Okay , I guess that's it . Let's go pay for this stuff 
Have you given the puppies food yet 
Of course . I fed them today 
Good job ! Please give them a bath later on today 
Sure , I'll give them a bath 
Thanks . But don't forget that they have a vet appointment this Saturday 
I remember . What time do they need to be there 
They need to be there at eleven in the morning 
All right . I'll make sure and remember 
Don't tell me you're pregnant again 
I'm afraid so 
What kind of personality do you think you have 
I'm easy to approach and friendly to everyone 
Do you think you are introverted or extroverted 
I'm quite outgoing , I think 
Are you more of a follower or a leader 
I don't agree with someone else's opinion if I think he's wrong , but when I understand his thinking and see he has some good ideas , then I'm very happy to go along with him 
What did you say 
I said it's a lovely day . Why don't we go for a walk 
Well , I feel a little tired 
Come on ! A little labor , much health 
Then can you wait a few minutes ? I want to finish writing this letter 
Don't take too long . It would be a shame not to take advantage of such lovely weather 
I won't be long . No more than ten minutes . Why don't you go ahead and I'll meet you in the park 
Believe I will . Look for me near the lake 
How did you do that 
It was a piece of cake 
You're right--Italian ! Ha ! Ha ! I was trying to trick you , but you didn't fall for it 
I almost did ! Actually , I don't know that much about coffee , even though I sell it 
I could give you a few pointers if you want . I know a lot about coffee 
Thanks . Maybe if things slow down later I'll stop by your table 
I'm Robert , at your service 
Rita . Nice to meet you 
What will you do now ? Propose to her 
Of course I won't chill out . Opportunity knocks only once 
You should strike while the iron is hot 
You're right . I will have a talk to her about that 
Hello . What can we do for you today 
I've just had some money sent from Germany , in Euros 
OK , could you give me your details and I'll see if it has cleared . We need your banking details and some ID . A passport or something like that 
I have my passport right here , and here are the account details . The name , number ..
Mr Jurgen , yes , the remittance has been successful 
That was quick ! I didn't expect it to come through so quickly . Yes , that is good news . The full amount should be 20,000 Euros , is that right ? I'd like to withdraw 5,000 Euros worth of local currency , if that's possible 
Not a problem , Sir . Please fill in this exchange form and show me your passport 
I like small towns 
But many roads are very narrow 
Not always , and there're also few cars 
Yes , because of fewer people 
May I help you 
Yes , I would like to check in 
Do you have a reservation 
Yes , my name is Carol Tiang . That's spelled J - I - A - N - G 
I'm sorry , Ma'am . I can't find anything under that name.Do you have your confirmation number 
No , I don't have it with me.But I know I have a reservation . My husband made it for me last month 
Well , let me look again . How do you spell your first name , Ma'am 
C - A - R - O - L . Carol 
I don't find a Carol in the computer for today . I have a Carol Larson here . But that reservation is for next Monday 
No , that's not me . My name is Tiang , not Larson . My husband reserved for me 
Are you sure he used your name , Ma'am ? Maybe he reserved under his name 
His name is Lin , L - I - N 
I'm sorry . I have nothing here 
Miss , I know he made this reservation for me 
Would you like to come to our factory for a visit 
Oh , yes.Thank you . I'd be glad to 
You can look around our new workshops and the automatic machines 
I'm sure the output of your production will increase a lot 
Who is this on the water buffalo 
That's my grand-father . He was a farmer . When he was young , he had to take the water buffalo to graze in the field 
Oh yes , that was the best job in most farm families . That's where many of them learned to play the flute 
My grandfather did that too . He used the time to study instead 
That's interesting . Go on 
My grand grandfather was a merchant who ran a small business . He couldn't afford to send my grand father to school 
So he became a self-taught man 
Right . Later he was a soldier and a fireman in the village . When he was middle aged , he became a great man , quite famous 
In what field 
As a leader of police officers in charge of the whole country 
Is he still in that that type of work 
No . He retired from that . He is a senator now 
Would you want to be a senator 
Well , maybe when I get old . But first I'll be a lawyer 
Excuse me . I think I have got lost in the Art Gallery . Can you tell me the way to the exit 
Sure . Go back and take the third turning on the left 
Thank you very much . I have been wondering here for almost half an hour 
It is really like a labyrinth 
Do you know anything about health food 
It is so popular among people to preserve health now , so I read some books about health food 
Can you give me some examples 
Drinking warm and fresh water in the morning on wakening up is one of ways to keep healthy 
Really ? Why we must have warm and fresh water 
Warm water can be good for your stomach , which is empty at that moment . And freshness can keep the water active to clean your digest system 
Anything else 
Yogurt , because it has protein , vitamins and it is acidic . If you drink it everyday , your stomach will be more comfortable 
I really want to take a nap . I feel very sleepy today 
What ’ s the matter ? Didn ’ t you get enough sleep last night 
I fell asleep very late . It was almost two o ’ clock in the morning when I finally fell asleep 
Are you worried about something ? Why couldn ’ t you sleep 
You know how it is when you ’ re in a strange country . Everything is new , and you get tired and nervous sometimes . Then you worry about your family , about conditions back home , about your courses , about your money , about everything . I tried to fall asleep but I just had too much on my mind 
Well , take it easy . Things will look better tomorrow . Maybe you should try exercising or a hot bath to help you relax 
Anything is worth a try . But right now I really just want to find a quiet place to take a nap 
Hi , Mark ! Long time no see 
Hi , Alex 
Where have you been 
I just got back from London 
How was your flight 
It was OK . There was a lot of turbulence , though 
That ’ s too bad . how long was the flight 
It was 10 hours 
Did you have a layover 
Yes , in paris , France 
Did you buy anything in the duty-free stores 
Yes . I bought two boxed of chocolate ? one for me and one for you 
Oh , you didn ’ t have to ..
It was nothing 
Hello , this is Dr Cook's clinic.May I speak to Mr.Smith 
This is he 
Dr Cook won't be able to see you at the time suggested.Could you make it a quarter to two 
All right 
Whoa ! This is a massive flea market 
You're telling me ! There are thousands of people here 
And hundreds of booths-all filled with different kinds of stuff 
This is almost like a Taiwanese night market ! I can't believe it 
You can't buy much more , Wei ! You already have enough to fill two boxes to send back to Taiwan 
Oh , yeah . OK . I'll just buy smallthings 
Could you please wait for a minute ? I'll buy the tickets
All right 
Here is your ticket 
Thank you 
The park will close soon . We Should better go in right now 
Really 
Yes , let's go in 
It is a new park , isn't it 
Yes , how do you know 
I guessed it 
Well , generally speaking , the park is a window on the world history , a window on the world civilization and a window on the world's tourist attractions as well 
Oh , how wonderful 
No . Just let me see a doctor . I'm worried about my arm 
Be brave , sir . It won't be long . I will fill out the form for you . What is your name 
Steve Schliessman . S C H L I E S S M A N 
Alright Steve . Your social security number 
349-95- 8821 
Do you have medical insurance 
Yes , I do . Blue Cross 
Do you have your insurance card with you 
No , I don't 
Well , you can call it in later . You can phone us 
Can I sit down now 
First I need to get your address . Try to move your arm as little as possible 
Good evening , Mr . Wu 
Good evening , Mr . Smith 
Have you met my wife , Mary 
No . I haven ’ t had the pleasure 
Mary , this is Mr . Wu , my new Chinese friend 
How do you do , Mr . Wu ? Welcome 
How do you do 
Have a glass of wine , Mr . Wu ? And let me introduce you to some of my guests 
Do you know how late it is 
My fault . I didn't realize what time it was 
I hope you don't think that excuse lets you off the hook 
Not really . I'm telling the truth 
Haven't I asked you to call if you're going to be home late 
This is true , but it must've slipped my mind 
Regardless , all you had to do was give a call 
I know . I should've called 
Come home late one more time , and you'll find your stuff outside 
You want to throw me out over this 
That's right , maybe then you'll respect my rules 
That's fine , because if I leave , then your rules won't matter 
It's time for desserts ! Are you still hungry 
I've always got room for something sweet 
what are you going to try first 
I've never tried traditional Greek yogurt , so I want to try that first 
do they serve the yogurt with anything 
I believe they add locally produced honey to it 
that sounds good . I'm going to start with an Italian tiramisu 
do you want to try some of my yogurt . It's a favorite everyday dessert in Greece 
ok . Mmm 
what do you think ? How does it taste 
it's nice , but it's rather plain . Do you want to try my tiramisu 
sure . I'll just have a bite 
what do you think ? Does it taste good 
it's absolutely delicious ! That is the best tiramisu I've ever had 
I'm glad you like it . I don't care for it . Why don't you finish my tiramisu so that I can try one of those fried bananas 
ok . I've had one of those before . They're really sweet and crunchy 
do you know where they are from 
I believe they are a local delicacy in the South 
do you want me to get you one , too 
yeah , why not ? We've already pigged out as it is 
ok , I'll be back with two fried bananas in a few minutes . Wait for me here 
Can I make a reservation 
Yes , sir . For what time 
7 o'clock tonight and there will be 5 persons 
OK , sir . Five persons at 7:00 
Do you have a VIP room 
Sorry , sir . We have only tables in the main dinning room left 
May I help you 
I would like to find this book 
Is there a problem 
I don ’ t think you guys have it 
You should look it up on our computer 
I did that 
What came up 
It should be on the shelf , but I didn ’ t see it 
I can try to get the book from a different library 
I didn ’ t know you could do that 
I will call you when I find it 
I appreciate your help 
From the looks of this house from the outside , I don ’ t really think that I want to go inside 
From here , it does look like it could use a little work . Let ’ s see what the interior looks like 
I am not impressed by the interior of this house 
Sometimes all a place needs is a little bit of cleaning and some fresh paint 
With so few windows , how can you even see what the problems are 
I think that we should check out the kitchen . It is listed as roomy and spacious 
Where are you supposed to store things without any cabinet space 
The picture in the listing shows a lovely master suite . I think that we should go look at it since we are here 
Is there a dead animal somewhere in here 
Well , I think that it is pretty safe to say that this is not the house for you 
I am calling to apply to work in your agency of entry 
OK . Do you have any advantages to work in our entry agency 
Yes . I know many ambassadors in Chinese Embassy and British Embassy in China 
Wonderful , I will give you a chance of interview 
Excuse me , where can I find a guide 
You can find one at the ticket office 
Thanks a lot . Have a nice day 
You are welcome 
Why are you cut up recently , Nancy 
I ’ Ve just parted with my boyfriend 
Oh , cheer up . A boyfriend is not everything 
But I cannot forget him 
It looks like our company trip will have to be canceled because of the typhoon 
That's disappointing . I was really looking forward to it 
How often do you have English lessons 
I have a lesson once a week but I try to practice every day 
How do you practice 
I usually look at English language websites every day and go to my local English Corner twice a week 
Do you ever speak to native speakers of English 
Sadly , I hardly ever speak to English people . I usually practice with my Chinese friends 
Hello , what can I do for you 
Hello . I'm sorry to tell you that I've lost my credit card this morning . I want to report the loss and replace a card 
Don't worry . I will help you soon . Please fill in this form first . And write down your name , your account number and the amount in your card please 
Done 
OK . May I see your ID card ? ( B passed his ID card . ) Please wait for a moment . Let me go and check the account . ( A few minutes later . ) We have locked your card . You can come here to renew the account and get a new card a week later . Your money will not be lost 
Thank goodness 
Please pay 10 yuan , the handling charge 
OK ! Thank you very much . See you a week later 
See you 
What's the matter , Paul 
Can you believe this ? I locked my keys in the car , and I have to go to the airport to pick up my aunt 
So , what are you going to do 
I don't know ... Hey , do you think I could borrow your car for a few hours 
I'm sorry , but I really need it this afternoon 
Well , could you drive me home ? I have spare keys there 
Sure . That's no problem 
Oh , and Andy ? Do you have a quarter for the phone ? My wallet's in the car 
Here you go . Anything else 
No , that's it . Thanks . I really appreciate it 
So , John , what do you do for a living 
I ’ m a sales manager in a publishing company 
Oh , really ? That sounds interesting , what kinds of book do you publish 
Oh , mostly fiction , lots of romance , science fiction , biography , stuff like that 
Oh , What a cool job ! How long have you worked there 
About two years now 
May I have your order , please 
Yes , I'd like to have a share of steak 
OK . How do you like your steak , do you like it rare , medium or well done 
I like it well-done , please 
Anything else 
One Whisky 
It will be ready right away 
I want to rent skis and boots 
Here you are . Have a nice stay here 
Thank you . I am a learner so can you tell me where I can find a ski instructor 
We will find you one . Wait a moment 
Thank you very much 
Oh , so the zoo is over there . Thank you so much for your help 
You ’ re welcome . Can I ask you what brings you to China 
I ’ m actually travelling around Asia 
Oh , very nice . How long will you be in Beijing 
Probably another week 
Oh , I see . Well , I ’ ll give you my phone number and if you need a guide , please call me 
Thank you very much . That ’ s very kind 
I wish to make it clear at the outset that this matter of labels is entirely our problem 
I should say it is something we have never come across before 
The Federal Food and Drug Administration , or the FDA as we call it for short , imposes a whole set of regulations on the import of food products to the United States . Over the years , they have become so rigid and complicated that they are now quite a head - ache for us importers 
In my opinion , overly strict regulations are just another way of restricting imports 
Ah , there's something in what you're saying . According to the present FDA regulations , the Ma Ling Labels then cannot be used if the lichee is to be offered for import into the United States 
Why not ? Our cannedlichee and canned provisions have already been widely sold in various markets abroad , and the Ma Ling Label has now been accepted by most of overseas customers and importers . Is it quite impossible for you to use the Ma Ling labels as they are 
I'd be quite willing to if I could , but we must comply with the label requirements according to our law , or we can't clear the consignment of lichee through the Customs 
In that case , what can we do to help you ? Have you any suggestions 
Would you consider quoting us for the order with neutral cans on a C . I . F . basis for delivery in Hong Kong ? Our associated company there will have the labels printed to comply with the FDA regulations 
Do you think that's the only way out ? You know we usually do the labeling , as we are responsible for the brand labels of our products 
You get your bus pass 
I'm not going to buy one 
You're not 
I think it's a waste of money 
It actually costs less if you have a bus pass 
How is that 
You can use it however many times you need to 
Is that right 
Yup , and you can keep the money in your pocket 
That sounds nice 
You should go get yours 
Yeah , I think I will 
How many people are there in your family 
My immediate family is quite small . It's just my older step-brother , my mom , my step-dad and me . How about you 
I have a large family . I have three older sisters , my twin sister , a younger brother , and my parents 
I didn't know you were a twin ! Are you identical or fraternal 
We're identical . I mean , we look exactly the same , but we complete opposites when it comes to everything else 
Interesting . It must be great having a twin sister . Are you best friends , too 
We used to be really close , but that all changed once she moved to Shanghai . How about your family ? You didn't mention to your biological father 
I don't know much about him . He died when I was just a baby . Even though I don't have a blood relationship with my step-father and step-brother , I consider them to be my real family 
What about your step-brother's mother ? Does he keep in touch with her 
No , she also died when my step-brother was little . My mother and my step-father met each other shortly after my father died and became good friends . They ended up getting married a few years later 
Sounds like it was ment to be 
My son came home from three years in the navy 
It was a real red letter day for you 
Yeah . We rolled out the red carpet to welcome him home 
How's your brother doing 
As a matter of fact , he hasn't been feeling too well 
I'm sorry to hear that . What's the matter 
Tell him I hope he's better soon 
I'll tell him . Thanks for asking about him 
Good morning , Madam . What can I do for you 
I'd like to withdraw 35,000 RIB from my Corporate Account 
Do you have an appointment 
Yes , my name is Ms Jane Reeve , R-E-E-V-E 
Ah , yes , Ms Reeve . I have all of your information here . Do you have the cash cheque 
Here you go 
I'm sorry Ms Reeve , it says 45,000 RIB here 
Oh , how silly of me . Can we correct it here 
I'm sorry , we cannot make corrections on these . You'll have to bring another one with the correct amount , I'm afraid 
Have you been served , sir 
I am just looking , thank you ... Excuse me . Can you tell me where I can buy a pair of shoes 
It's on the fourth floor 
Thank you 
What a nice photo you ’ Ve taken 
I ’ m flattered , but really anyone else could do it 
You have a real talent , Ellen 
I ’ m thinking of making an album , you know 
Good afternoon , madam . Is there anything I can do for you 
Yes , I spent so much time sightseeing here . It is already so late now . I am afraid I can't catch the last bus back to downtown 
Don't worry . I will try to get a taxi for you . You can take it to the bus station 
I am very grateful to your help 
Don't mention it . It is my duty 
Thanks again 
Are you looking forward to seeing that big concert next week 
You bet . I'm really excited 
Oh , hey , Keri ! You cook , right ! You're a pretty good cook 
I'm OK 
OK . I want to make an omelet , so actually this is really silly , I've never made one before . How do you make an omelet 
OK , Well , I can teach you how I make them , which is the same way my father and grandmother make them , which is a little special 
OK . Yeah ! Yeah 
First you take some eggs and crack them in a bowl , and whisk them up , quite , so they're quite high and fluffy , and in a hot pan , and you need a pan that's that's kind of small , that the sides go up at an angle . You put some oil and heat it up , so it's quite hot , and then you take your whipped up eggs , or whisked up eggs , and pour them into the pan , and as it's cooking , if you take a spatula , and push the bottom layer of the egg , to the side , to the sides , and then to the middle , so the uncooked egg gets to the bottom of the pan 
Oh , OK . Wow 
OK . And keep doing that until most of the egg is cooked so you should have a nice thick omelet and then flip it over , you'll only have to cook that side lightly . Put your fillings on the top and fold it over and let it sit just long enough to melt the cheese 
Wow . That sounds really good 
Mm , it is 
Wow . What fillings do you recommend 
Um , well , if you want to do a real simple one , you can just use some pre-made salsa and cheese , and that's easy , or you can do something like cut up some ham and cheese , onions , tomatoes , mushrooms , anything that you like . If you want to make a spinach omelet then you have to add the cooked spinach to the egg mixture . So it's actually cooked in it . It's inside bacon and sour cream is nice and Jack cheese 
I have to talk to you 
What , Hilary ? I ’ m really in a hurry 
I know , Blake . But you ’ Ve been avoiding me all morning , and we have got to talk about this deal with the Mc Kinsey Food Company 
I ’ Ve been busy , Hilary . We can set up a meeting to talk about the deal , but I still feel the same way . I don ’ t think it ’ s worth it 
are you still coming to my place for dinner tomorrow night 
of course . Is the dinner still on 
yes , I was just wondering how you and your roommate were planning on coming to my place 
we were planning on walking both ways since the weather is still nice 
that's what I thought you would do . Listen , I live in a bit of a rough neighborhood . It's just down the street from all the bars . You probably don't want to be walking around after dark 
it can't be that bad 
I wish it wasn't , but there is actually a lot of crime and prostitution around here 
really ? I never would have guessed . The criminals must only come out in the evenings , because I've never noticed anything strange when I've been at your house in the daytime 
do me a favor , and take a taxi . It'd make me feel a lot better 
ok , we will . How do you get around in the evenings 
when I first moved in , I walked everywhere . But within a week , I had my purse stolen — just a block away from the police station ! Now , I always take public transportation 
has anything else happened to you 
nothing else has happened to me , but I have seen quite a few fights on the streets after the bars close 
well , we'll be careful . Thanks for letting me know 
Amy , could you help me with this work 
Sorry , I'm busy . Why don't you ask Alice 
Okay 
What do you think about half day kindergarten for Stacey 
We could try it for the first few weeks and see if she likes it 
I just think it will be a little difficult for her to be away from home for so long right off the bat 
You have a good point . She hasn't really ever been away from home for longer than a few hours 
I think she is really going to like her teacher though 
Yes , they seemed to click at the meeting the other day 
Did you happen to notice if she was interested in any of the other kids 
No , but I did notice that she was very interested in the art supplies 
Can I try it on now 
Of course . I will show you the fitting room 
The dress is slim in cut 
Thank you for saying that 
You're looking great 
You , too 
Speed Airlines Reservation . May I help you 
Yes . Do you have any flight to Paris on 15th ? I want one leaving in the afternoon 
Yes . Flight DP336 leaves at 15:16 . Is that all right 
Is it a direct flight 
No , Sir.It has an hour layover in London 
Well , I don't think I want it 
Staying out all night , you frightened me to death 
I stayed with my friends 
You should at least give me a call 
I'm sorry , Mum 
Today more and more people advocate lifelong learning . But people have different views about lifelong learning . How do you understand lifelong learning 
I think lifelong learning is the concept that it's never too soon or too late for learning
Does that mean studying all the time 
I don't think so . I think it's about your attitude towards learning . One should be open to new ideas , decisions , skills or behaviors 
Then the axiom - ' You can't teach an old dog new tricks ' doesn't work any longer 
You're right . Lifelong learning is about finding learning opportunities at all ages and in numerous contexts
Yes , I agree with you . When I retired I will participate in programs to keep momentally active 
Me too . To keep up with the changing world , one must be involved in lifelong learning and be ready to accept new things 
You know what ? I've recently been teaching myself French 
Really ? That's great ! I know that your company has a lot of clients in France 
Yes , so I want to learn French to develop my career 
I've been so stressed these days 
What's the matter ? Are you OK 
I don't know where to go for college , and what to major in 
Don't worry . You have plenty of time to decide 
And I also want to get scholarships to help me pay for the tuition . I want to get the burden off my family 
You always worry too much about everything . Take it easy , honey . You are good enough . You can go to the ideal college 
OK , OK . I'm so sorry . By the way , for you , is it more important to make money or to enjoy your work 
In a perfect world , I would enjoy my work if I do not have to do much , and make lots of money 
OK , honey , stop dreaming . You should face the reality 
That's only a joke . To be honest , I have to improve my English , because my English is not good enough . I still get confused about some simple grammars . Since you are quite good at it , do you have any suggestions 
En , first you should be concentrated on what the teacher said in class . Second , I suggest you to take an additional course in some training center 
Is the training center helpful 
I think so . Because I've taken one to improve my oral English during summer vacation 
Do I have to deposit my handbag at the checkroom 
No , you do not have to . The handbag can be taken with you . There is the cart at the entrance 
Thank you . I'd tike to buy some milk powder for my baby . Is there anything that you can recommend for me 
Well , how old is your baby 
No more than three 
The milk powder on the second level of the shelf is for the kids from 2 ages to 4 ages . I advice that you should buy the Wyeth brand , the source of milk is imported from New Zealand 
How about its quality 
You can be assured of it . There are various nutritions which are beneficial for the growth of babies ' bone and cerebrum 
OK , what is this 
It is feeding-bottle as the free gift 
It is thoughtful . I will take it 
Are you free next thursday 
Yeah , why , is there something going on Thursday 
A bunch of us in the office are planning a retiring party for Bob , he's been with the office for ages , so everyone was really surprised to hear he took early retirement 
Bob is retiring , wow ... that's news to me , I had no idea Bob was that old , retirement's still sixty-five , right 
Retirement age is still 65 , but I think more and more people are retiring earlier , I think Bob's in upper fifties already , he just looks pretty young 
Wow ... I thought he was early forty stops , why would he want to retire so soon 
Well , I think you prepare it well and capture good savings , retiring early can give you a lot more time for travel and other activities , you should get out and enjoy the life you still can't , don't you think 
Hi Sam 
Hi Chris . I am glad to see you . Can you help me with my new computer 
When did you buy your new computer 
I bought it yesterday afternoon and they delivered it this morning at 10:45 
So what's the problem 
I am not sure . I just can't connect to the net 
Can I have a look 
Of course , come in 
Oh this is the new little EEE notebook from Asks . How much did you pay 
It was only 345 pounds 
Very nice . I am sure we will sort out your Internet in no time 
I am on my way to the doctor now , but I should be back in about 45 minutes . Can I come back at around 3:15 
That will be perfect 
Hello . Do you like this jewelry ? I made most of these items myself 
You really have talent . How did you learn to do this 
My mother taught me some tricks of the trade . I've always loved jewelry 
Me , too . But I could never make bracelets like these 
I've been making these designs for over ten years . You can have a bracelet for ten dollars 
I'll take one right now for seven dollars 
It's a deal 
I've got some bad news about the bike you lent me 
What's that 
I fell on the way to school , and your bike got scratched . I'm really sorry 
Don't worry about it . It's not new , it already has a few scratches . Did you get hurt 
No , thank you 
That's the most important thing 
It's kind of you to say . I feel a little stupid 
Forget about it 
When you lent me the bike , it looked brand new , almost anyway 
Maybe , but really I have fallen a couple of times and it's been hit once or twice as well 
I appreciate that , thank you 
Welcome to Flash Foot , sir.How can I help you 
I ’ d like extra prints made of these photos 
Do you have your negatives 
Yes.Here they are . I ’ Ve marked how many prints I want on each shot 
What size do you want the prints 
Four by six , except this one . I want a ten by thirteen print of this one 
Okay , they ’ ll be ready for you in an hour 
Did you know that drinking beer helps you sing better 
Are you sure ? How do you know 
Well , usually people think I'm a terrible singer , but after we all have a few beers , they say I sound a lot better 
Well , I heard that if you drink enough beer , you can speak foreign languages better ..
May I serve your dishes now 
No , I'm used to having tea first 
With sugar 
No sugar , please 
I went to visit a customer in IVS Company the other day . Their offices were very impressive , especially their company Logo which is all over the place . There are Logo models in metal , copper , clove , paper . They are even printed on the wall paper and the balls of the table-lights . It is really decorated identity 
It is just too much . Don ’ t you feel it is an exaggerating style to decorate offices in that way 
Not at all ! I like the design so much . The designer must have thought really hard to come out with such a brilliant concept 
Well , I doubt that 
Hello ? Ms . Patterson ? This is Bill from Workmate calling . I'm just wondering if you had a chance to look over the estimate I sent for your gala dinner project next month ... As I said in my email , we can help you with production according to your needs , but we will only be able to give insite management support services on a limited basis 
Oh , yes . I reviewed your estimate . But it seems like the project blueprint you sent with the estimate is not quite what we had in mind . Did you get a copy of the specs for this project 
Yes , I have several copies , but they're all different versions ... The latest I have is version 12 , is that current 
No . Later we decided to opt for the prior outline , version 7 
Hold on , let me pull up your version 7 requirements ... Oh yes , no wonder our estimate is a little different from what you had in mind . I see the version 7 also includes 6 additional hostesses and a cocktail self-serve bar that wasn't in the version 12 . That will definitely add to your cost on this project ..
Hi Kevin , how was your year at college 
It was great ! How was your year 
It was good . Do you have a girlfriend at school 
Yes , I'm dating someone . Her name is Amanda 
I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things 
Well , I ’ ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week 
Let ’ s put it down for 1:15 on Thursday . We ’ ll definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit 
Fine . I ’ ll bring both our office furniture and equipment catalogues on Thursday 
Hello , can I help you 
Yes . Do you have a pharmacy here , please 
Sure . We have one on the second floor 
Which floor are we on now 
This is the first floor . The second floor is one level up 
And where's the elevator 
That's just over there . On the right 
May I help you , sir 
Yes , I'd like to get some gas 
Regular or unleaded 
Unleaded . My car is new 
How many gallons do you want 
Fill it up . I will have a tour tomorrow 
All right . Shall I check the oil 
Yes , please 
You're a quart low 
Give me a quart of light oil 
Yes , sir 
Check the mirror . How do you like it 
I think the style is a little old-fashioned . It's not what I want 
I think this one fits you . It's the new fashion style 
Oh , yes . That's just the one I want . I will take it 
If you are staying here for a few days , we ’ d be delighted to see you at our factory 
It ’ s very kind of you to say so . My associate and I will be interested in visiting your factory 
Let us know when you are free . We ’ ll arrange the tour for you 
Thank you . I ’ ll give you a call this afternoon to set the time . There ’ s nothing like seeing things with one ’ s own eyes 
That ’ s for sure . You ’ ll know our products better after the visit 
We like your product , and are interested in placing an order with you as soon as possible 
Well , we can proceed with the order until after the Christmas holidays . Our factories will be closed for another week 
That's all right . We will send you a purchase order in one week . I hope you will be able to take care of it 
No problem . Once we get your purchase order , we will begin the execution of the order right away 
Thanks . We need the products in less than one month , because we have a big deal with another company . By the way , will payment against delivery be OK 
That will be fine . And I can promise you that you'll get the goods about two weeks after we get your purchase order 
Hello . Mr . Othman ? This is Michael in Mr . Emory ’ s office . He ’ d like to set up and appointment with you to talk about buying a new copier 
Sure , I ’ d be glad to . What time frame did he have in mind 
He ’ d like to do it as soon as possible , sir . How about tomorrow at 2:45 
Mm , yeah , that ’ ll be great . Tell him I ’ ll see him then 
Do you plan to further your study 
Yes , I have been always learning the Economics on my own . My dream is to get a master's degree in Economics 
If you make every effort to the company , you will have a great chance to attend the on-the-job postgraduate . The tuition fee will be financed by our company 
Really ? It is amazing . I will apply for a position in your company 
Excuse me , madam . Is this seat taken 
No 
Do you mind my sharing the same table with you 
Of course not.There are so many people here today 
Yes . I can't even find a seat 
Oh , my God . I can't take it any more 
What's wrong , honey ? Take it easy 
I am tired of doing that boring work . I just repeat doing counting everyday . It's so terrible 
Me too . But I think we can do something else for a change 
You know I work with my professional knowledge not passion . Sometimes I don't know what the meaning of working is 
But you did a good job . You always perform the best in our company 
Yes , that's in the past . Maybe I need to go to my psychologist for help 
Perhaps you've just tired and you need a vacation 
I was full of ambitions before . But now I have no aim for my career 
Maybe we should keep on studying to enrich our knowledge and make our life exciting 
That sounds interesting . But I don't know how to do that 
How about a training course 
A training course ? That must be costly 
But it's worth it . Maybe it can get us into a good mood and also helps us learn something to use for the future 
OK , let's have a try 
OK 
oh , Sam ! Is this your dog 
it's Cindy , you know that . Hey , Cindy , say hello to Maria 
Cindy , you're so cute 
she is also very naughty . By the way , do you have a dog , Maria 
I have a little white cat 
Oh , a cat ? Come on 
yes , cats are always gentle . and they don't need a lot of space since they're small 
but I think they're dull , aren't they 
not at all . They're quiet most of the time.But they can be every bit as affectionate as dogs 
well , cats are certainly more independent 
absolutely . Believe it or not , I found my cat by a garbage can around my neighborhood two years ago 
oh , really ? so you just took home a stray cat 
yes . It was starving and looking for something to eat when I saw it 
Poor cat 
now we get along very well . It makes me feel that I'm someone special 
Can you help me now 
No , but I'll be able to tomorrow 
That'll be too late 
Why don't you ask Bill if he can help 
I did , but he wasn't able to either 
What can I do for you 
I'm looking for the cameras 
They're in Aisle Two 
Can you play baseball with me today 
No , I can't . I'm sorry . I have to help my mother . We're going to move tomorrow 
Where's the new house ? Is it far from here 
No , it's not far . It's near our old house 
Can I help you pack 
Sure . Thanks 
I hear that Mary got mad 
So I heard 
What ’ s wrong with her 
She went over the edge after her son was killed in an accident 
I have never bought a house before and don ’ t know how to make an offer 
The process of actually making the offer is something that I will take care of for you . What price were you considering offering 
I love this house and would be willing to pay the full asking price of three hundred and fifty thousand dollars 
Let ’ s leave some room on this offer . I think that three hundred and twenty thousand dollars is a fair offer in this housing market 
We could try that , but I really want this house 
It is common practice to offer and then have a counter-offer 
How long will it take to find out if they are going to accept the offer 
The sellers are usually fairly quick to respond . They want to get things moving 
Should I tell my bank that I have made an offer 
There really isn ’ t anything else to do right now except wait . You are already pre-qualified for your loan 
Paul , let's go and see Grandpa this afternoon 
But Grandpa will be working 
It's Saturday 
I almost forget 
On balance , dress designing appeals to me most 
Yes , it's to my liking , too 
Say , how would you like to be a dress designer 
It's my dream 
Hello there , welcome to Wine World . Let me know if I can help you out at all 
Um , yes , please , I could really use some help . I'm going over to my boss'house for dinner tonight and don't know what kind of wine I should bring 
OK , do you know what kind of food will be served 
Well , his wife is Japanese . He said she makes really good sushi 
Hmm , that's a bit of a challenge . Sushi is notoriously difficult to pair with wine . Well , let's see . have to be a white wine , of course 
Why ? Wouldn't a red wine go well with sushi 
No , I don't think so . Sushi is a very delicately flavored food , and red wine would be a jarring contrast . You need a white wine , which has more subtle flavors , to complement the fish 
I see . So should I get a bottle of Chardonnay ? That's a white wine , right 
Yes , Chardonnay is a white wine , but I'm not sure it'd be your best bet . Chardonnay is one of the more fullbodied whites , and tends to be a bit oaky . I'd suggest that you go for something brighter , like this Sauvignon Blanc from New Zealand 
Sauvignon Blanc ? What's that 
That's another varietal , or type of grape , just like Chardonnay 
Let's see . The label says it's got " attractive citrus and grassy aromas that give way to crisp , mineral flavors and a bonedry finish . Serve chilled . " Oh , no , how long will it take to chill the wine ? I'm on my way to the dinner now 
It's OK , don't worry , we'll just choose a wine from the cooler . We don't have quite as extensive a selection over here , but ... this Rhone Valley white would be lovely 
All right . What varietal is that 
Well , this is a French wine , so they don't always specify the varietal on the label . The French believe that the soil a grape is grown in is one of the most important factors in the final flavor of the wine . This wine is probably a blend of a few different types of grapes , mostly Viognier , I'd guess 
And you think this is a good wine 
Yes , this is one of our best-sellers . It's not quite as dry as the Sauvignon Blanc we were looking at earlier , which means it's more approachable . It's light and crisp , with a bit of a vanilla aroma 
Perfect ! I'll take it 
Mom , happy Mother's Day ! A necklace for you 
What a surprise ! This is the best present I've ever received 
Thank you for your love and care over the years . I love you so much 
I love you , too 
How about a dinner tonight ? My treat 
Actually , I prefer to eat at home , and then we'll have more time to have a chat 
All right . Let me prepare the supper 
Ahahah ! What is that thing on your couch ! It just moved 
Did you think it wasn't real ? That's my pet lizard 
You have a pet lizard ? Somehow I never would have imagined that 
His name is Grunt . Come closer and I'll properly introduce you 
Does it bite or scratch 
No , he's perfectly harmless . And he's not afraid of strangers either . Here , hold him 
Wow . He's heavy ! And his skin feels really cool 
Stick around and you'll get to know him better . He has a very unusual personality 
You're spending a very long time on my hair 
I'm almost done 
I needed you to be done and finished an hour ago 
I'm all done now 
Are you sure you're finished 
I don't understand 
You did a horrible job on my hair 
What's wrong with it 
I don't like anything about it 
I apologize 
That's fine , but I'm not paying for it 
Excuse me ? Let's try to work this out , okay 
Where are you going 
It ’ s Tuesday today . I always go to my class on Tuesday night 
I didn ’ t know you were taking any kind of class . Tell me about it 
Well , I ’ m learning how to use math in the business environment 
What for 
The job market is so competitive nowadays . I want to develop some useful skills 
I really admire you for that . How is it going 
It ’ s going all right . I ’ m learning some things for the first time , but I ’ m also brushing up on some things that I already know 
Are you really dating with Frank 
Yeah . But in my heart of hearts , I find he ’ s not very much to my liking 
Then why not keep away from him 
The problem is that I just have no one to turn to right now 
That ’ s stupid 
What is the best way to find a job here 
There are different ways of conducting a job search . Do you know what you want to do 
I don't know 
Can you work part-time or full-time 
It doesn't matter right now , either one would be OK 
The binders have current local jobs listings and the computer jobs lists are good too . Understand 
OK , I'll go check it out 
Schedule an appointment with a counselor and you can get more information . Would that work for you 
I am not sure 
Everything that you need for a successful job search is here . Happy job searching 
How is your job search 1 going , Janet 
I found the ideal position . I ’ m working for a plumbing company 
Are you serious ? You studied mathematics at college for four years , and now you have a job working with your hands 
Plumbing work requires mathematics knowledge , and creativity . I love this job 
I can see that . But I didn ’ t know you had experience in that line of work 
I didn ’ t , but I applied for an apprenticeship , and since I studied math , AND I have a good attitude 4 , my application was accepted 
Congratulations ! You do have the right attitude 
Excuse me , could you please turn on the air-conditioner , it's so hot here 
OK , I will fetch the remote control 
Aha , it's cool now . Can I keep the robot 
Yes . Here you are 
So can we play PlayStation later 
Sure , if you're done 
All my games are so lame , Mom . When can I get a new one 
Well , listen , Honey , you've been a big help lately ..
Right on . I'm gonna get a new game 
If you take out the garbage and do the dishes , I'll think about it 
I knew there would be a catch 
Nothing in life is free , Son 
Except housework , that is 
During the last two years , there has been a great increase in goods stolen abroad 
If they steal the entire package , that would be theft . So they don't do that . Generally , thieves open the case and take part of the contents out . Then fill the case so that the gross weight will be the same 
If the goods are received in apparent good order and condition , the steamship company doesn ’ t have liability for pilferage . How do we protect ourselves 
The insurance policy protects us 
Is it true that products of high value such as watches , jewels and luxury clothing items are often subject to pilferage 
It's absolutely true in the United States that losses from pilferage have been limited to high valued goods . We must study more about packing 
How was Mei ’ s party on Saturday 
Oh I didn ’ t go . I stayed at home with my family 
Oh really ? What did you do 
We watched lots of television and films 
I see . Anything else 
Yes , we ate a delicious meal and drank some very good wine 
Well , it sounds like you really enjoyed yourself 
Do you like the room 
Yes . What is the rent 
$ 300 per month 
Then what's the rent due date 
At the beginning of the month . Besides , you should pay me $ 1000 as deposit 
You are saying he will be promoted to the general manager 
Yeah 
Are you sure 
Yes . I bet my bottom dollar that he will get promoted 
Just because he gets on well with everybody 
Partly , and he's also a hard working man 
Are you going somewhere 
I ’ m on my way to work 
Where do you work 
I work at the polling place 
You didn ’ t tell me you were working there this year 
I do this every year 
How ’ d you get that job 
I applied online 
That ’ s interesting 
I enjoy working there every year 
How much do they pay 
They pay just enough 
Good coming , sir . What can I do for you 
Good coming . I would like to open a new account . I want to deposit 500 dollars 
Very good , sir . What kind would you like 
Could you tell me how many kinds there are in your bank 
Besides the checking account , there's a monthly savings account and a daily interest account 
Oh , I think I'd like to take the monthly savings account then 
Would you fill out this form 
OK . Here you are 
All right . And here's your deposit book 
Thank you . Goodbye 
Goodbye 
Good afternoon , sir , is there anything I can do for you 
Yes . I can't find my sweater . I have my laundry sent to you yesterday but when the washing is done . I find my swatter missing 
Well , it's our fault.We are sorry for that.Would you please fill out the form ? We will pay for you 
That's fine . Maybe you should be more careful 
Could you give some information on your European tours 
Our pleasure . We have several package tours you may choose , from ten days to three weeks in Europe 
I would be interested in a ten-day trip around Christmas time 
I have one ten-day tour that is still available . It will depart from New York on December 24th 
What is the cost 
The price for one person for a ten-day tour is only 1,099 US dollars , which includes round trip airfare 
That sounds reasonable . Let me think it over . And I'll call your back to make reservation 
Ok , but don't delay too long , or that trip will be all booked 
It's almost Christmas . What are you doing this weekend 
Nothing special , just working . Why do you ask 
Well , I still haven't finished my Christmas shopping . Do you want to go shopping with me this weekend 
I'd like to , but I'm not sure if I can . Work has been really busy lately . Why don't we go on Friday instead 
Friday's not good . I think the stores will be very crowded and I have to work 
OK , then let's try to go this weekend . I should know if I can go by Friday . Is it OK if I call you then 
Yeah , that's fine 
What's your number 
233-331-8828 . Let me give you my email address too . It's Tom861@gmail.com
OK , I'll talk to you soon 
OK 
I'd like to make an appointment with manager Mr.Wu . Would 10:00 a . m . tomorrow be all right 
I'm afraid not . He has a meeting tomorrow morning 
Could I possibly make it early in the afternoon 
No , that's not good either . But give me your phone number and I'll call you if somebody cancels 
Thank you very much 
Has the game started yet 
Yeah , about 5 minutes ago 
Who's winning 
The Bulls , of course 
What ! That wasn't a foul ! C ’ mon , ref 
Don ’ t worry , Shan always screws up free throws 
You were right ! He didn ’ t make the shot 
That was a great shot ! A three pointer , yeah 
Did you see that ? He traveled and the ref didn ’ t call it 
This ref needs glasses . Hey ref , open your eyes ! I can ’ t believe he didn ’ t see that 
Okay ... end of the first quarter ... Alright , I ’ m gonna make a beer run 
Good morning 
Can I speak to Miss Cooper please 
Would you hold on a second , please ? Miss Cooper's extension is engaged 
Engaged.Oh , dear ! Could you tell her it's a long-distance call 
I'm sorry , sir . I can't interrupt her . I'm sure she won't be very long 
How long do you think she'll be 
I really can't say how long she'll be 
Can I leave a message , please 
Yes , certainly 
Can you tell her I'm waiting to speak to her 
Yes , sir . I'll ring her on an inside line if you like 
Thank you very much 
What a washing machine ! It ’ s getting worse today . Look ! Now it doesn ’ t work at all . I think I need a new one 
Here ’ s an ad . about a big sale of washing machine . Do you want to see it 
Of course ! Let ’ s have a look . Great ! In my frame of mind , I ’ d like to buy one today 
This cake is excellent . Where did you buy it 
Actually , my mother made it from scratch 
What ’ s wrong with you ? Why are you scratching so much 
I feel itchy ! I can ’ t stand it anymore ! I think I may be coming down with something . I feel lightheaded and weak 
Let me have a look . Whoa ! Get away from me 
What ’ s wrong 
I think you have chicken pox ! You are contagious ! Get away ! Don ’ t breathe on me 
Maybe it ’ s just a rash or an allergy ! We can ’ t be sure until I see a doctor 
Well in the meantime you are a biohazard ! I didn ’ t get it when I was a kid and I ’ Ve heard that you can even die if you get it as an adult 
Are you serious ? You always blow things out of proportion . In any case , I think I ’ ll go take an oatmeal bath 
Would you like to go to the theater with me tomorrow 
Yes , of course . Have you got the tickets 
That's coincidence , someone's just returned two tickets and I picked them 
Matinee or evening 
Evening 
Circle or stalls 
Stalls 
Wonderful , I'll go with you 
Kim , have you made contact with Mr . Lee 
Not yet , Mr . Wang . But I'm working on it 
What seems to be the problem 
I just keep getting a busy signal 
Maybe his phone is out of order . Anyway , keep working on it . I really need an answer about the contract I sent him 
All right , I'll let you know when I get through 
I don't know . I think you might be over the hill 
Well , if not gymnastics , then mountain biking 
Mountain biking is an Olympic sport 
Since 1996 it has been . And I bet I'd be pretty good at it . I ride my mountain bike to work almost every day 
I'd like to speak to Robert 
Speaking 
Hello , Robert . This is Frank . I'm coming to Guangzhou on the the 7th and I'd like to call in to discuss the project plan 
All right . What time are you coming 
Well , my flight leaves at 8 a . m . , and I'll arrive at 10 a . m . Shall we say 11 o'clock 
Can we make it 11:30 ? A customer will come to the office at 11 
Oh , yes . That's fine with me . Maybe we can have lunch together 
Great . I'll see you on the 7th 
Why is the car before us stopping 
What's going on 
Look . Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other . That's why that car stops 
More and more people easily get irritated while driving 
Yes . This is what is called road rage 
Good afternoon , sir . Can I help you 
I'd like a beef-burger , a French fries and a milk shake , please 
What flavor would you prefer , sir 
I'm not quite sure . What do you have 
We have strawberry , chocolate , vanilla and banana 
Very well , I'll try the banana flavor 
Anything else , sir 
No , thanks . That will be all 
I really appreciate your driving me around 
It's no problem . I have time today , and I think it's important that you find a good place 
It would be hard for just me to do it . I don't know the city at all 
So what do you see in there 
This one sounds good.Efficiency with view of the lake.Utilities and parking included . Newly remodeled kitchen . $ 470 
Can you afford that much 
No , I guess not . But that's what I want , isn't it ? An efficiency 
Yes , an efficiency is a small apartment.Usually one large room and a small bathroom.There is often a small kitchen too . So it's good for one person 
How about this one ? Downtown efficiency . Furnished ... What does furnished mean 
That means the apartment has furniture in it 
That's good 
Sometimes it's good , sometimes it's bad . You have to like the furniture 
Furnished . Parking included . $ 400 
It's still pretty expensive 
Yes , but it's downtown . I would like to take look at this one 
Alright . What's the phone number 
256-7797 
Got it . What else do you see 
This one . Two male grad students seeking roommate.Must be quiet . Comfortable downtown apartment.Does this mean I have to share a room with them 
No . It probably means they have a large apartment.Probably a living room , kitchen and three bedrooms.They need someone for the empty bedroom 
That sounds alright 
Yes , it might be an advantage for you . You are a foreigner , after all.If they're alright roommates , you could learn a lot from them 
Here's the number , 256-4367 
Got it.Let ' s call these two and see if we can make appointments to see the apartments 
Sounds good to me . I really appreciate your help on this 
Don't mention it , Larry . What are friends for anyway 
Good evening . Do you have a reservation 
No , we don't 
How many people are you together 
Just two people 
Would you like to sit in a smoking section , a non-smoking section or whatever comes open first 
We prefer non-smoking section 
I am awfully sorry but there are no vacancies left now . Would you like to wait for a moment 
How long a wait do you think there ’ ll be 
I think about ten minutes 
Ok , we'll wait a while 
I am sorry for making you wait so long . Now there is a table available in non-smoking section . Please follow me 
Thank you 
This is the menu . Are you ready to order now 
Well , I think I'd like to have a tomato sausage soup first . And the same for him , please 
Yes , and what would you like to drink 
One goblet of red wine and one bottle of beer please 
Would you like a dessert 
What special kind of desserts do you have 
Lemon pie , hot cake in syrup , chocolate sundae and custard pudding 
Well , I think we will order after we finish the main course 
All right . I'll bring your soup right away 
Waiter ! May I see you for while 
Yes . I'll be with you in a second . Yes , sir ? What is the problem 
This is not what I asked for , I'm afraid 
What did you order 
Roast beef 
There must be a mistake . Those are fried oysters . Would you like to keep it or change 
Roast beef , of course . That's what I ordered 
Just a moment and I'll get your order right away . Sorry to cause the inconvenience 
Hello , Jenny . What's the matter 
John , I'm hard up at the moment . Could you lend me five hundred yuan ? I'll return it to you early next month 
No problem , Jenny . Are you sure five hundred is enough 
Yes . Thank you so much 
Show me your passport and declaration please 
Here you are 
Do you have anything to declare 
Yes , that's a video camera 
Let me have a look at the receipt 
There's a double feature at the cinema this Saturday . Do you want to go with me 
What are the movies that are playing 
There's an action movie with Harrison Ford and a chick flick with Susan Abandon 
I've never seen a movie I don't like that had Harrison Ford in it 
So , is that a yes 
Yes . What time does it start and do you want to meet me there 
It starts at one and yea , let's meet there . It's the cinema on the corner of Lincoln and Main 
Great ! I have a coupon for free popcorn at that theater 
I am afraid I have some bad news for you . It's about our order contract O5TSWAL 
What's the problem 
The goods arrived half a month later than scheduled . What's more , five cases were found broken and unit inside seriously damaged 
Really ? That's something unexpected . You see , all our exports were strictly inspected before shipment . The goods were in perfect condition when they left 
But then there were some cracks in a number of cases . Almost all the bottom of the cases were loose 
That could have happened in the course of transit or unloading , due to rough handling 
But our surveyors found the damage was caused by poor packing 
But there is nothing wrong with our packing . Our cartons are standard export ones and we also enforced them with straps 
But you filled the cartons too full and the straps are not strong enough . When they were rehandled , some of them were broken 
I don't think the stevedores could have handled them with great care 
Please switch work shifts with me 
I would if I could 
Why can't you 
Because I have other obligations 
Do you drink much 
Depending on what you consider a lot 
How frequently do you drink 
Couple times a week . How about you 
Only when I go out . I'm not a big drinker 
How much can you drink 
I usually only have 2 beers 
You're a light weight 
How much can you drink 
I'm usually drinking all night long . At least 10 drinks 
Don't you spend a lot of money then 
No . We usually go to places that have specials . Dante's over on the Ave has $ 5.00 pitchers on Mondays . So for ten , fifteen bucks , I can get a lot of drinks 
That's true 
If you don't like beer , have you tried mixed drinks ? Some of them are pretty good 
I like beer , it's just that I get a headache when I drink more than 3 
You just have to build up a tolerance . I used to be like that . But your body gets used to it 
It'll take awhile , but I'm working on it 
Hey let's go out tomorrow night . The Ram Bar and Grill is having a special on pitchers 
Alright 
By the way , how many books am I allowed to check out 
You can check out two books at a time 
How long can I keep the books 
For two weeks . After that you must renew the books if you wish to keep them longer 
Peter , which club do you want to join 
I haven't decided yet . What about you , Andy 
I am a member of the basketball club . Do you want to join us 
But I don't know how to play basketball 
It's OK . Don't worry about it . Our school coach will train us to play basketball 
Is anybody in 
How can I help you 
I have a headache 
Let me take your temperature with a thermometer 
OK 
I think you have a small fever 
I thought so . I felt dizzy this morning 
You should've called in sick ! Next time , have either of your parents call the school office 
I do feel like a trip to Florida on such a gloomy day in New York , to enjoy the sunshine while lying on the beaches of Florida 
That's a great idea . It's the best season for tourists in Florida . You can also get a good sun-tan there 
But if the sunshine is too strong , it might damage the eyes and the skin 
You can put on your shades . And remember don't make your skin look like a tomato . Or else after that your skin will begin to flake off . You may even wind up with skin cancer 
I see . Overdoing it will do more harm than good 
You said it 
Tom did me many favors 
For example 
What are your strengths and weaknesses 
As I said , I am diligent and industrious . On the other hand , I am too hard-working and I put myself under much pressure to make things perfect 
What is your problem in working 
I am too introverted to let others become my friends 
The poor girl is up to the eyes in study all the day 
Yeah , she has a lot of homework 
Today's children have not the chance to play , to make fun of them 
Right . So in some way we are happier 
Yeah , at least when we are children , we have not so much homework to do 
Are you getting overtime 
Yes , but it's not so appetizing 
Have you thought about another job 
That's what's hanging on my mind recently 
Both of the two young ladies are the candidates for the position
The question is we only need one 
Right.The choice is yours , the tall one or the short one 
I should take the taller one for the choice 
Are we here yet 
Not quite yet 
How far away is it 
It's still very far away 
How many miles to go 
We're getting close 
Will we be there soon 
Here we are 
Where's the hotel 
It is in front of you 
I see that . That was a nice ride 
I'm glad to hear it 
Happy Birthday , this is for you , Brian 
I'm so happy you remember , please come in and enjoy the party . Everyone's here , I'm sure you have a good time 
Brian , may I have a pleasure to have a dance with you 
Ok 
This is really wonderful party 
Yes , you are always popular with everyone . and you look very pretty today 
Thanks , that's very kind of you to say . I hope my necklace goes with my dress , and they both make me look good I feel 
You look great , you are absolutely glowing 
Thanks , this is a fine party . We should have a drink together to celebrate your birthday
Two people were robbed last night near the park 
Again ? The area around the park is too dark at night . There should be more lights there 
I am afraid of the dark . I don ’ t feel safe in the dark . I feel someone is hiding in the dark to attack me 
Your feelings might be right . You should never walk alone there at night . It is too dangerous 
I Know . And you should be more careful , too 
Hello . Is Bob there , please 
Hold on a second please . I'm sorry . He has gone out 
Oh . This is Paul . When will he be back 
He will be back at about seven o'clock 
Can I leave a message please 
Yes , certainly 
Please tell him I'll call him at the office tomorrow afternoon 
All right . I'll tell him when he comes back 
Thank you very much 
Mr . Li , the report has been finished 
So fast ! Thank you 
You're welcome . This is my duty . Anything else 
Yes , you'd print out the address and telephone number of those guests from your computer , and then send those materials to each business worker 
OK , I'll do it right now 
By the way , to tell them try to persuade those new guests to cooperate with us . Because I found a biggest opponent from this post-trip 
Yes , I get it 
OK , it's no anything . Do what you should do 
Good morning , I am Monica . Are you Mr . White , the manager of finance department ? I am the newcomer and also working in the finance department 
Yes , that is me . Nice to meet you , Monica . Welcome on board 
Thank you . I am very happy to have my own office now . I ’ Ve never had one before . It is very nice 
Well , we have nicer things than that in this company . You will find out soon 
Really ? What could that be 
Well , I bet you will love them too . If you need help , just ask me any time . I am in the next door . You can also reach me through the extension 508 
That is very kind of you . Thank you very much 
How may I help you 
I need to return these books 
What happened to this one 
The cover came off 
You ’ re going to need to pay for the damage 
How much are you talking 
It ’ s going to be $ 5 
That ’ s not bad at all 
It really isn ’ t 
Here you go 
Thank you very much 
You ’ re welcome . Have a nice day 
How was your interview 
Pretty good . The HR manager asked me the usual questions . Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job 
What did you say 
I told him that I hadn ’ t got a raise for three years . I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years 
Did he want to know the reasons 
Yes . I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession . But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only 
That ’ s sex discrimination . When will you get the reply 
In a couple of days , I was told 
Wish you good luck 
Thank you 
Oh , you are out of breath ! What ’ s happened 
A gang of bastards are wildly shooting on the next street . We must leave this place the soonest 
That it easy.They get caught before they come here 
Stop your nonsense ! Quick . Let ’ s leave the place 
You say your products are aimed at the green consumer . In what ways are they environmentally-friendly 
We produce household cleaning products - detergents and so on . They are all phosphate-free , which minimises damage to the environment 
What about the packaging 
We try to use as little packaging as possible . Also , all our bottles are made of recyclable plastic and we use recycled fibre in our boxes . That's what our customers want 
Excuse me . I bought the CD here two days ago . It's scratched , and doesn't play properly 
I'm sorry about that , sir . I'll get you another one 
The thing is I've replaced once already . I think it's just a faulty batch 
I see . Maybe I can offer you a credit note 
Well . To be honest , that's not much use to me . I'll leave the country tomorrow . I'd really prefer a refund 
OK , sir . I'll see what I can do 
I went to Super Junior's concert last night . It was fantastic 
Really ? Their songs are very popular all round Asia now . I am also a big fan of theirs 
Yes , their new album just came out last week . It is number one on the billboard 
I really love their dancing . They are all excellent dancers 
The lyrics of the new song are beautiful , too . Can you sing 
Sure . I think you can hear the song everywhere you go now 
Let's go buy their new album . Want to come with me 
Why not 
Mr . Smith , I'm wondering whether you have found a way of considering my offer 
I certainly have the will but I wonder if I've found the way 
You see . I made what I consider to be a reasonable offerbased upon the rise in production costs and the continued fall in the exchange rate of Australian Dollar to U . S . Dollar 
Let me say something about the falling Australian Dollar . We're both hurt by the rising U . S . Dollar . We will have to pay more Renminbi for U . S . Dollar to buy wool from you 
I understand 
Do you ? Then you can see that we have one wish that is to conclude this transaction in a way that will satisfy both sides . What can you do to help 
I think the best way I can do is to reduce our price by 2 % and I should think we could conclude a deal at $ 98 
All right . I accept this reduced offer at $ 98 per metric ton FOB stowed . The other terms and conditions shall remain the same as those in the previous agreement . Now will you draft the agreement or shall I 
Your legal department is very good at these things . We can trust them with the drafting of the agreement 
Ok . Then well bring it over to you tomorrow morning . You'll sign it first , so it will only need my signature . Is that agreeable to you 
Very agreeable , Mr . Smith . It will only take me a minute to sign it and send it back to you 
Good . Let's shake hands on this successful transaction 
I'm sorry , but I can't find the book you lent me . I guess I have lost it 
Don't worry about it 
I really feel bad about it . Let me buy you a new one 
No . Don't be silly . I wouldn't dream of letting you do that 
I ’ d like to send this parcel to Australia 
Certainly . Could you put it on the scales , so I can check the weight 
Sure . It ’ s not very heavy 
That ’ s 850 grams . The coasts depends on how you would like to send it 
I see . What are the options ? I suppose airmail is faster and more expensive than surface mail 
That ’ s right . Sending it by airmail will cost twelve dollars and sending it by surface mail will cost eight dollars 
How long will it take to get there 
Airmail should take four or five days and surface mail should take about two weeks 
It that case , I ’ ll send it by airmail . I ’ d like to send it as a registered parcel 
No problem . That ’ s one dollar extra 
Thanks very much . There ’ s thirteen dollars 
There ’ s you receipt . Goodbye 
Would you like your bags to be taken to your room 
Yes , please 
OK . I'll get the bellman to taka them up . Which bags are yours 
My luggage is in the corner over there . They are the leather suitcase , the canvass holdall and the blue backpack 
OK 
Please be careful with the suitcase , it's very heavy 
I'll let the bellboy know . Don't worry , he's very strong 
And the holdall has some fragile items inside , so please be careful with that too 
Of course 
how long will it take us to drive to London 
I think it ’ s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway 
that ’ s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours 
you ’ re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas 
so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance 
ok . You haven ’ t seen my company car , have you 
no . let me take a look ... it ’ s longer than my car 
I think it ’ s over five meters long . I can ’ t remember exactly . It has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour 
wow ! That ’ s fast ! I don ’ t think we will be traveling that fast on the motorway 
we can ’ t . if we went that fast , we would break the speed limit 
Are we going to have gym class tomorrow 
Are you crazy ? Tomorrow's Saturday 
Sometimes I forget that we don't have school on Saturdays 
Americans also don't go to work on Saturdays 
So there are only five working days in a week 
Right . What are you going to do tonight 
I'm going to study 
On a Friday night 
Well , I need to polish up my English 
I'm going to the shops in a minute . What do we need 
We're okay for vegetables but we should stock up on meat . Can you go to the butcher's and get some veal and some beef 
No problem . We also need bread , so I'll go to the baker's . I'll get some vol au vents for Victor's birthday bash on Friday . We'll need balloons for that too 
Better visit the supermarket then . We'll need some other things for the party . Get some vanilla ice cream , some butter and some vinegar and twelve bottles of beer 
Okay . The library's beside the baker's . I'd better take back the videos we borrowed last week . They're overdue 
I'll see you later then 
Bye ! I'll be back before seven 
Can I help you , Madam 
Could you tell me what Ants on the Tree is please 
Certainly , Madam . It's a stir fried dish of minced pork with glass noodles 
Sounds nice . I'll have that please 
How do you do 
How do you do 
My name is Jane Greenwood.Glad to meet you 
I'm Mary Smith.Nice to meet you , too 
I'm going to quit this job . It's way too stressful 
I've noticed you've been working overtime a lot 
Yeah , I'm in the office till 10 every night . I can't take it anymore . The pay just isn't worth it 
Operator , I want to make a correct oversea phone call to Beijing 
Who would you like to talk to 
Rachel Jason 
What is phone number 
The code is 880 , the area code is 010 , and the local number is 8824578 4
Your name , please 
Manicole Tan 
hold on , please 
Ok , thank you 
Her line is through now , please go ahead 
I'm tired of this job 
So am I 
Bang ? ! Bang ! Bang ! What are the Kings doing at seven o ’ clock on Sunday morning 
Well , Mr . King is singing 
Yes , but what ’ s the banging noise 
He ’ s standing on a ladder and banging some nails into the wall with a hammer . Now he ’ s hanging some strong strings on the nails 
And what ’ s Mrs . King doing 
She ’ s bringing something pink for Mr . King to drink . Now she ’ s putting it ... OK 
What ’ s happening 
The ladder ’ s falling 
What ’ s Mr . King doing 
He ’ s hanging from the string . He ’ s holding onto the string with his fingers and shouting to Mrs . King 
And is she helping him 
No , she ’ s running toward our house . That ’ s her ringing the bell 
Well , I ’ m not going to answer it . I ’ m sleeping 
Were you engaged in any activities at college 
No , I had no interest in the activities in college and I spent most of my spare time reading in the library 
What kind of activity would make you get involved 
None , I guess . My only passion is on reading 
I don't know what I'm going to do . I need to find a job . If I don't , I won't be able to stay here next semester 
Have you tried university part-time jobs 
What do you mean 
I mean in the library , or in some information center.Often the university hires foreign students for part-time positions 
Yes , I know . I tried that.They don't have anything now . So what can I do 
Well , since you're a foreign student , it's hard.That ' s because it's actually illegal for you to work in America 
I know that . You don't have to tell me that . That's my problem . I know I have the right to work for the university . That's legal.But they don't have a job for me . And it's illegal for me to get a job elsewhere 
Anyway , there must be some solution.You know there are many people working illegally in New York 
But I need a pretty decent job . I need to make enough to pay my rent at least 
I have an idea 
What 
Since you're Chinese , maybe you can find part-time work in Chinatown 
I already had that idea 
Well , why don't you go and look down there 
But I don't know what I would do 
It may be part-time work as a waitress or something.It would be illegal , but sometimes waitresses make a good salary 
Maybe . I don't know 
I will ask my friends for you.Maybe someone knows a company that needs part-time people.That ' s another thing you should do . Ask all your friends to ask around for you.You might find something 
I have to find something.Otherwise I have to go back to Taiwan . I'll be broke in two months 
Would you make me a dust coat out of this serge 
Sure.Let me measure for you 
What's the charge 
$ 200 . The delivery time is 2 weeks 
OK.thank you 
The bartender just gave the last call . Let's order another round , okay 
Sure , but let's get a pitcher this time We should be able to down it before they close 
That sounds good . You order the beer while I go to the bathroom . Where is the can in this place 
It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door 
Yeah . I think I can find it 
You're back already . That sure was quick 
That's because I just took one step inside and turned right around . That bathroom is too gross for me 
Well , the bartender wouldn't give me the pitcher of beer . Anyway . He said it was too close to closing time 
Let's leave then . I could take some fresh air , anyway 
Okay , let's go 
There are so many flavors of ice cream to choose from 
Yes , there must be about a hundred . Do you have a favorite 
I love fruit flavored ices the best 
I know , fresh fruit flavored is the best ever 
What is your least favorite ice cream 
I don't like peppermint ice cream 
Yeah , I know what you mean 
One time , I tried garlic ice cream 
That could be interesting 
That doesn't sound like a good choice for today though . Let's order 
Our son is gone and my heart is gone too . I don ’ t know how to spend the rest of my years 
Oh , darling , we must stand shoulder to shoulder and face the music . I know you can pull yourself together 
I feel life is meaningless without him 
Cheer up . You have got me at least 
House keeping.May I come in 
Come in please 
Good evening , sir . I come to make the bed . Shall I do it now or later 
Well , since you have come , do it now please 
That's all . Have a nice stay here 
Thank you.Please get some soap for us 
Just a moment . I will do it right now 
What is your name , please 
My name is Sun lin 
How old are you 
I am twenty-five years old 
May I ask your birth date 
Yes , my birth date is September 22 , 1977 
Where do you live now 
I live at 606 Zhongguancun Road , Apt 802 , Beijing 
Then tell me your birthplace 
My birthplace is Nanjing 
Ok , I know you are not a resident of Beijing . Where is your domicile place then 
My domicile place is Nanjing , too 
OK , I'm sorry it took so long 
I understand 
The phone has been ringing off the hook today 
Some days are just like that 
What did you do at the office today 
I had a really busy day . I had to work a little overtime . In the morning an important client called to place a large order . I had to check some things with my colleagues before confirming the order 
What kind of things did you need to check 
The most important thing was to check that we had the goods in stock . If the goods are in stock , we can deliver them immediately . I also had to check the price . This customer is very important , so the
I see . Did anything else happen 
I received a lot of emails from potential clients that I had to answer . Each time , I had to check files to see what we had agreed at earlier meetings . Each client has different conditions and required
It must be difficult to remember the details for each individual client 
Yes . That ’ s why we have everything on computer files . We don ’ t use much paper at our office . After lunch , I had to deal with a complaint form a client 
I hate dealing with complaints . Was it a legitimate complaint 
Yes , it was . I managed to sort out the problem , but I was tied up with the matter for over an hour 
You certainly had a busy day 
That ’ s not all ! I also had to finish writing a sales report for my boss . In the end , I finished everything . I wonder what will be waiting for me tomorrow morning 
Excuse me , could you spare me a few minutes 
Yes , certainly.How can I help you 
Do you know if train 10 is on time to be here 
Sorry , I don ’ t know . I ’ m a passengers ’ m waiting for my train .
Do you mind if I read your newspaper for a while 
Certainly not.Here it is 
Thanks a lot
Hello . Thank you for calling Spend Mart 
Is this the Customer Service Desk 
Yes . How can I help you 
I bought a sweater from your store a week ago . It says size 12 . But actually , it is a size 10 . Can I exchange it 
Do you have the receipt with you 
Yes , I do 
I like to apologize for the problem . Please come down with your receipt and sweater to exchange it for the size you want 
Thank you very much 
You ’ re welcome 
Thanks for your help 
No problem 
I have some great news ! I was able to switch to the night shift 
I knew everything would work out for you 
I got to meet the night Anger today too . We got along right from the start 
Wonderful ! Do you already have your work schedule 
Not yet , I pick it up tomorrow 
Do you know what you will be doing yet 
Yes , I'll be managing the guys on the dock 
You're so good with people . I think they will like you 
Do you have perfume 
Yes , what kind of smell do you like 
I would like some light smell 
How about this one ? It's not that concentrated 
Can I smell it 
Sure 
It's going to strike 12 o'clock . Let's get the firecrackers ready , Rose 
Aren't firecrackers forbidden in the city 
Well yes , but they are not allowed only in downtown areas . It's OK here . It would be difficult to ban customs that have thousands of years of tradition . The habit does bring kids joy and excitement so long as precautions are taken . Let's go out and set off firecrackers out there 
Fantastic ! The whole city is echoing with crackling sounds 
What other activities will you have tomorrow 
Quite a lot . The celebration of the New Year has just started . The first day we southerners have sweet rice cakes for breakfast , and people in the North have Jiaozi . Afterward , we will make New Year calls on family relatives , husband's side on the first day and wife's side on the second 
Do you bring some gifts along 
That's for sure . Fruit , cream cakes , medical tonics are often for parents and aged relatives , and cash enclosed in a red envelope for the kids . All this , of course , should be well prepared beforehand 
Is it the same practice for all families 
Not all the same nowadays I must say . Many families , especially those of newly married couples , choose to make an overseas trip to escape the routines . Rose and I had a tour to Singapore , Malaysia , Thailand and Hong Kong last year . We stayed there for two weeks until the last day of the holiday 
I really appreciate the way you Chinese people exchange feelings . The holiday's long enough for you to relax 
Well , for city dwellers , the Spring Festival is a holiday of seven days . While in the country where traditions are still heavily emphasized , the festival lasts ten days 
Hi ! Does this hotel have an exercise facility 
But of course ! We have a great exercise facility 
Good . Now exactly where is it 
It's located right under our lobby . Just take the elevator or the stairs one flight down 
Is this going to cost me anything 
No , sir . The gym is absolutely free . However , be sure to take your room key with you 
When does the gym open and close 
The hours couldn't be better , 24/7 
Very good . Now , is there a trainer down there 
I wish I could tell you yes , but no , there isn't 
Hi , Jim ! When did you get back 
Yesterday . I was really sorry to see it end . The skiing was terrific 
I ’ m really jealous ! I won ’ t be able to get any time off for at least another three or four months 
Sorry to hear that ! But I would definitely recommend this place 
Welcome aboard 
Excuse me , Miss . Can you show me my seat 
Let me have a look at your boarding pass . It's E - 6 , the sixth seat by the aisle 
Thanks a lot 
This is Manager Liang's office , what can I do for you 
This is Wang Miao from AB company speaking . Our CEO Mr . Green has an appointment with Mr . Liang tomorrow morning . But there is a minor change in tomorrow's schedule . Mr . Green has an abrupt urgent case tomorrow and he has to go abroad today . He wanted me to convey his apology to Mr . Wang 
OK ! I'll tell him 
And Mr . Green will make another appointment when Mr . Wang comes back 
Ok ! Thanks for calling 
Bye 
Bye 
How are you 
I ’ m great . Thanks 
Did you need something 
I need your help 
How may I help you 
I need to find this newspaper article 
Have you checked the periodicals section yet 
I forgot about that section 
If you ’ d like , I can show you were to find it 
Could you do that 
Follow me 
Thank you for all your help 
Can you believe that Obama is our new President 
I ’ m so happy about that 
Did you vote for him 
I sure did . How about you 
I voted for him 
I have complete confidence in our new President 
Is that right 
I know he will help change America 
I hope so , because America needs a change 
I feel like things are already changing , because he was elected 
I agree with you completely 
I ’ m not worried about our country now that it ’ s in his hands 
Come in , please 
Good morning , Mrs Smith 
Good morning . You are Mr . Sun , aren't you ? Take a seat , please 
Yes , thank you 
I've noticed from your resume that you majored in accounting at Peking University . Will you please tell me something about your related courses 
In the first academic year we learned Principles of Accounting , and in the following years we learned Cost Accounting , Commercial Accounting , Industrial Accounting , and Management Accounting 
Have you taken Accounting for Decision-Making and Control 
No , we haven't taken such a course , but we have taken a more specialized course for decision making , by the name of Forecasting and Decision-Making 
From your school report card , I can see you did well in every course . But our advertisement says we need an accountant with practical work experience 
I forgot to include my experience as an accountant in my resume . In fact , I took a part-time job as an accountant at the Atlantic Trading Company during my second and third school year . I worked three evenings a week there and I did quite well . Here is the recommendation 
You can speak English fluently but I wonder if you can deal with bookkeeping and accounting in English 
No problem . The professional English course is just English for Accounting . Moreover , as you know , the Atlantic Trading Company is a Sino-Australian joint venture . When I served part-time there , I became well acquainted with accounting operated in English 
That sounds fine . Why did you choose to apply to our company 
I have a relative working as a manager in your manufacturing department . Her name is Lilling . She told me a lot about your company and I became quite interested . I believe I can have a promising career with the development of this company 
Do you know something about the payment we give to our employees 
No , can you tell me about it 
Of course . As for an entry-level accountant , we pay ¥ 1,500 a month in the first half year . We have a grading system to evaluate your work . If you have made progress , we will certainly raise your salary . For beginners with a CPA certificate , they can earn at least ¥ 2 , 000 a month 
I have passed the five courses required by the Chinese CPA Association , but the certificate won't come to hand until next month . How about that 
I hope you can show me your CPA certificate before we reach a decision by the end of July 
Thank you , Mrs Smith . It is really a pleasure talking with you 
The same for me . We'll keep in touch with you 
Thank you . Good-bye 
Excuse me , I'd like to ask you a few questions about the city 
OK , please 
My wife wants to take the children to go shopping , where is the best place to go 
I would recommend the mall , it's about 20 minutes , drive to the south in a taxi . It has a wide range of shops and restaurants 
Thank you . Also , we'd like to do some sightseeing while we're in town . Can you recommend some local attractions 
How old are your children 
I have a 10 - year-old boy and a 6 - year-old girl 
I would recommend a day at the zoo . It's fun for all the family . There is also a water park just outside the city if you would like a day trip 
It sounds marvelous . Thank you for your help 
Don't worry , your baby is in my home 
How can I ever thank you ? I owe you a big favor 
I wonder how Sarah and Mat are 
Don't you know they've already broken up 
I'm not surprised . She's a plain Jane 
And he's so handsome 
There are so many eating utensils on the table . Which ones do I use first 
Use them from the outside in 
I see . A set for appetizers and another for the main course 
Right . We do the same thing at home . Don't you remember 
Oh yeah . The big napkin goes on my lap 
Let's look at our menus 
Cindy , help me order because I'm still not very familiar with American cooking 
Well , we order appetizers first and then entrees 
I have just received your note which informs me that you have offered the accountant position to another candidate . May I ask why I was defeated 
We have thought of you carefully with discretion , but the other candidate has more experiences 
Experience is important , but don't you think capability is more valuable than that 
Yes , I think so . But how do you prove to me that you are more capable 
Maybe you can hire me on trial . If I'm not qualified for the job , you can let me go 
Good idea 
Excuse me , sir , since my train leaves at 16:00 . Have you a 3 - hour tour 
You are lucky , sir . We are about to set out . It's a tour to the White House 
Well , I have just missed the place . How long does the tour take 
2 hours . You won't get late for your train 
I hope so 
You are starting to learn English 
Yeah . I like it , Dad 
You ’ re lucky you start to learn it so easily . I learned English very late , and learned it all by myself . At that time we didn ’ t have a good English studying environment . I have to keep my dictionary on hand 
Really 
We have a variety of trousers . Which one do you like best 
I want to buy one to match my shirt.Can you give me some advice 
What about this one 
Yes , they seem to be my size and go with my shirt quite well . I will take it 
Excuse me , sir , could you please tell me the way to Aidan Bookstore 
Yes , of course.Would you like to walk there or take a bus 
Er ... Is it far from here 
It's just about ten minutes ' walk . Go along this street , on the third cross you'll find it on your left 
Then I'll walk.Many thanks 
Not at all 
Your tie is handsome 
Oh , thank you . Your skirt looks beautiful , too 
No , it hasn't . It's very dirty 
Someone ought to clean it today 
Mark should clean it . It's his turn 
No , he cleaned it last time . It's your turn 
No , it isn't . You always clean it after Mark 
Oh dear , is it really my turn ? In that case , I'll clean tomorrow 
Clean it now . Only lazy people say they'll work tomorrow 
Then I'll clean it the day after tomorrow 
You are lazy . You ought to be ashamed ? You should enjoy working 
Francis , you have done an outstanding work in the past six months . In view of your achievement , I trust you ’ re now indispensable part of our company and you deserve an officer director title 
I am so happy to know that I could make some contribution to our company 
This title does not only give you a raising pay-check , but also increase responsibilities . Congratulations , and hope the best for you 
Thank you , I will be doing my best 
Hello , Westhaven Company 
Hello , may I speak to Mr . Richard 
This is Michael Richard speaking . Who is calling 
Mr . Richard , this is Henry . I was interviewed by you last Tuesday 
You gave me a deep impression then . Can I help you 
I ’ m just calling to follow up on the situation of the salesman position 
We have made the decision to hire you 
Wonderful . Thank you very much . I have been dreaming to work with your company and I am finally granted the great opportunity . I won ’ t let you down and I hope you will contact me when you have any questions 
I will , thank you for calling 
Honey , what's wrong with you 
I'm not feeling well . I'm very nervous 
Take it easy . We are going to have our own baby . You should be happy 
Yeah , I know 
The doctors and the nurses will help you . And I will be waiting for you right here , praying for you and our baby 
Thank you , dear . I feel better now 
Mr . Phillips ? I have a request here from purchasing that needs your approval 
Let me take a look . This is for a 486 computer with modem . Who ’ s it going to 
I believe it ’ s going to Ms . Wilson ’ s office 
Get her on the phone , please . I need to clarify this 
Lisa , are there family rules in this house 
Well , I wouldn't call them rules , but there are some things that I expect my daughter to do 
Like what 
Setting the table and doing the dishes 
Is there anything else 
I also expect Cindy to tidy up her own room 
Her room is very neat and clean 
Yeah . She's a very responsible person 
I will keep my room clean , too . That's a promise 
Well , It ’ s not as crowded as we excepted , is it 
No . But it will be soon . Look , there are two empty seats over there . Let ’ s get them before somebody else does 
Yes , Let ’ s 
Now , Let ’ s make ourselves comfortable since we have got quiet a long way to go 
That ’ s a good idea 
I think it's about time that we had to go 
What ? Won't you have more drinks 
I'd love to , but I have to get up early tomorrow and get to the office on time 
Oh ! I'm sorry , but I wish you could stay 
Thank you for a very enjoyable evening and your hospitality 
Don't mention it . You can come whenever You are free 
Would you mind telling me if this is the right way to the police station 
I ’ m afraid you ’ re going in the opposite direction 
Should I take a bus 
I think a cab is better 
Could you bring me some food , please 
Sure . What do you fancy 
Can I have a bottle of champagne , lobster tail , and filet mignon , medium rare 
Sir , the filet mignon was so popular tonight that we ran out . May I suggest the porterhouse 
Oh , no filet ? Okay , porterhouse will be fine then 
Perhaps you would like chocolate-covered strawberries with the champagne 
Not tonight , but thank you for the suggestion 
Okay . This will be charged to your amenities account , okay 
No problem 
Your food will be brought to you momentarily . I hope you enjoy it 
I give up ! I simply can't learn French 
Why do you say that ? I think you're making a lot of progress 
No , I'm not . I try and try and I still can't speak it very well 
Learning any language takes a lot of effort . But don't give up . Why don't we practise those dialogues together 
Good idea . That might help 
The operation in the lab is radioactive and dangerous , so work with care . Have you got ear muffs and gloves 
Do I have to wear ear muffs and gloves ? I am not used to working with them on 
Yes , you have to . It is a safety rule of the company . You could not only lose your job but your hearing if you don't 
OK . I'll go and get a pair of them 
You want to go with him 
Yes 
Then you must be off your head . He is a real bastard 
Can you tell me what's the time in London 
It should be 3
Yes . I have to take a conference . Are you English 
That's right . Welcome to Great Britain 
Steven , would you like to go dance with us tonight 
John , I am just not in the mood for this 
You look so upset . What's going on 
I lost the table tennis game yesterday 
Oh , what a pity 
I just don ’ t want to play table tennis any more 
Is it that bad ? It ’ s nothing more than a game 
My opponent bowled me with the very first ball . I was wondering if it's appropriate for me to play table tennis 
Oh , come on ! Failure is the mother of success . Don ’ t lose heart . I'm sure you'll succeed 
Perhaps you are right . But I still need some time to recover from the failure 
I understand 
What musical instrument do you play 
I can play the piano a bit 
Then we can have one more program at our party 
No , no . My playing isn't good enough for me to perform in public 
Good morning , can I help you 
Yes , could I settle my bill , please 
Yes . of course . May I have your name and your room number , please 
Wang Wei , Room 1202 
OK , Mr . Wang , here is your bill . The total amount is US $ 120 
The figure seems right 
How do you wish to settle your account , sir 
By credit card , please . And what kind of credit cards do you honor 
We accept Master Card , American Express and Visa 
Then I'll put it on my Master Card . Here you are 
Thank you . Would you sign here , please ? Here's your receipt 
Can I help you , sir 
Yes , could you tell me if there is a laundry in this hotel 
yes , It ’ s on the third floor
Thank you very much 
You ’ re welcome
You see that chick over there 
The one in the red shirt 
Yeah . Isn't she hot 
She's alright 
Just alright ? ! ? She's hot 
Why don't you go talk to her 
You think she's out of my league 
Hell no ! You're just a chicken that's all 
C'mon . I get nervous when I talk to girls 
Why don't you go stand next to her for a while and if an opportunity comes up , strike a conversation 
What do I talk about 
It doesn't matter . You gotta find what she's interested in and go with that 
I don't know ..
Do you want me to go talk to her 
No . Stay away from her 
If you don't do anything , I'll bet somebody else will 
Ok already . I'll try 
What's the rate for a station wagon 
The daily rate is $ 22 per mile 
Good . I'll take it right now , if possible 
Can I see your license , please 
Of course . I have my own license and an international license 
That's fine . Fill out this form and let me see your credit card , please 
I ’ d love to have my own farm 
It would be very hard work . Are you sure 
I wouldn ’ t mind getting up early morning and the physical work would make me fit and healthy 
Running a farm would be totally different to you current job 
That ’ s one reason I ’ d like to try it . I ’ d really like to get away from working 9 to 5 in an office 
You ’ d need a lot of training before becoming a farmer . It ’ s not something you can just walk into 
My uncle owns a farm and I ’ Ve spent some time working with him . I love being in the countryside with farm animals and green fields 
Well , I ‘ d certainly come and visit you . It would be great to take a working holiday on a farm . I ’ d love to get away from hustle and bustle of the city for a while 
What a brilliant smile 
That's my cousin Hubert.He likes smiling 
He must be very easy-going 
Sure , he's ready to be friendly with anyone 